<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Epilogue</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="epilogue">
    <h1>Epilogue</h1>

    <p>「… I’m very sorry!」</p>

    <p>The next day— Seventeenth of the Blue month, evening.</p>

    <p>Dinner was being prepared in the Fa house during this time. And Kamyua Yost was bowing at us deeply.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa was sitting cross-legged with one knee propped up and had a peeved face. I checked the taste of the soup and looked at the back of his golden-brown hair.</p>

    <p>「Like what you have already figured out, that caravan was actually a trap to bait out the Tsun clan. There were five 《Guardians》, but the other 18 men were a bunch of tough brutes who usually worked as mercenaries. This was planned entirely by the castle guard commander Malfreed.」</p>

    <p>「Aside from the one who planned this, everything else was how I imagined. As expected, the higher-ups in Genos were trying to bring the Tsun clan to justice.」</p>

    <p>「Erm〜, instead of the higher management in Genos, this is actually closer to the decision of Malfreed. Marquis Marstein Genos, his father, gave his implicit consent, while the Lord Pyschkurewuss was kept in the dark.」</p>

    <p>Kamyua Yost slowly raised his head while he spoke.</p>

    <p>「I see.」</p>

    <p>I added another pinch of rock salt into the soup.</p>

    <p>「So the top management of Genos is not united. By the way, seeing how the Genos castle had always ignored the Tsun clan’s crimes, they sure change their stances quickly.」</p>

    <p>「These matters were completely under the purview of Pyschkurewuss. Because of his negligence, Malfreed, who values justice and the law heavily, decided to wield his blade to pass judgment. Marquis Genos is just watching quietly with an awkward smile.」</p>

    <p>「So his role is to smile awkwardly. The landlord sure has it easy.」</p>

    <p>「He has plenty on his plate after all. Since he had delegated the task to his subordinate, he can’t interfere recklessly. That’s how a person with a high standing should act.」</p>

    <p>Kamyua Yost shrugged nonchalantly, then shirked away when he noticed Ai Fa’s icy gaze. No matter how docile he acted, he still looked suspicious.</p>

    <p>「I’m in a difficult position too. When Malfreed asked me to help and the planning was halfway done, I became acquainted with you. After speaking with Donda Wu in the Wu clan village, I realized that the Tsun clan was the only clan in Forest’s Edge that had fallen into depravity. I also learned that the denizens of Forest’s Edge are really a tribe filled with honor… This filled me with unease.」</p>

    <p>「You felt uneasy? Why?」</p>

    <p>「When you exposed the Tsun clan’s crimes, I was worried that the gulf between Genos and Forest’s Edge would grow deeper… The citizens of the Post Station Town would fear the denizens of Forest’s Edge even more, and the denizens of Forest’s Edge would feel further disdain towards Genos. I never imagined that the denizens of Forest’s Edge would have such strong pride, which is my biggest mistake.」</p>

    <p>It was difficult to predict that.</p>

    <p>I wanted to know what Kamyua Yost really thought, so I didn’t butt in.</p>

    <p>「That’s why I proposed to stop the plan! I really did! But Malfreed refused to listen, he thinks that a crime is a crime, and criminals must be brought to justice. No matter how much noise the denizens of Forest’s Edge might make, he believes justice will stand by his side… He might look cool and collected, but he is actually a hot-blooded man.」</p>

    <p>「I see. I don’t think his idea is wrong.」</p>

    <p>That was the strange part. I could understand where they were coming from, but I just couldn’t accept his way of doing things.</p>

    <p>Unfortunately, what Kamyua Yost said didn’t unravel the question in my heart.</p>

    <p>「Not being wrong doesn’t mean it is right. Malfreed’s 『right answer』 is one dimensional. He is only after the logical conclusion of the 『present』. He doesn’t care about the 『past』 or the 『future』, and only considers things that make sense right now. He doesn’t think about the reasons why the crime happened or what kind of future awaits us if he brings down the hammer of justice on the criminal. He is only seeking the justice of the present… This might be an easy way of doing this, but that is dangerous.」</p>

    <p>Kamyua Yost sat down with his cloak on, and his eyes looked distant.</p>

    <p>「To be frank, Pyschkurewuss from Genos castle ignored the crimes of the Tsun clan. But Malfreed didn’t pursue Pyschkurewuss’ responsibility. Despite not being involved, he still interfered and played an ally of justice. Isn’t his style really troublesome? However, Malfreed’s objective is to punish the crime, he doesn’t want to announce how right he is. He is happy as long as the criminal is prosecuted.」</p>

    <p>His obsessive compulsion with cleanliness resembled the denizens of Forest’s Edge a little.</p>

    <p>After hearing Kamyua Yost’s explanation, there were a few points I didn’t agree with.</p>

    <p>「Please wait, why did the people from Genos castle refuse to let us stop our business temporarily? They wanted to use us as a bait to lure out Zattsu Tsun, right? In that case, it means they wanted to apprehend the criminal so much that they put the denizens of Forest’s Edge and the people of Post Station Town at risk.」</p>

    <p>「The one who refused to let you stop is Pyschkurewuss, Malfreed has no authority regarding the denizens of Forest’s Edge. On the contrary, he thinks letting you run your stall is dangerous. The responsibilities of the castle guards don’t include patrolling the Post Station Town, but in order to protect your safety, he still did so.」</p>

    <p>Kamyua Yost drooped his brows guiltily again.</p>

    <p>「You should have realized by now, correct? I was the one who ignited the sense of justice in Malfreed’s heart. Half a year ago, after I got acquainted with him through Marquis Genos, I shared all the information I had with him. I also discussed with him how to improve the twisted relationship between Tsun clan and Pyschkurewuss— and also the relationship between Forest’s Edge and Genos. In the end, we decided to appoint Zashuma— who isn’t a merchant, but a 《Guardian》— as a strategist and executed this plan. I’m the one who coerced him in the beginning, but I lack the capability to lead such a big project involving so many people. So I took a step back and became a supporter and watched things develop quietly.」</p>

    <p>That suited his personality. I thought this man who liked pretending to be retarded befitted the role of 「observer」 the most.</p>

    <p>「However, I felt worried after talking to you, Ai Fa, and Donda Wu. On top of that, I couldn’t tell you the truth, so my heart was filled with guilt. So when I suggested you to open a stall in the Post Station Town, I was just trying to ease my conscience.」</p>

    <p>「Ehh?」</p>

    <p>「If you build up the relationship between the Post Station Town and Forest’s Edge, there might be a bit of hope. The fear and detest felt by the people of the Post Station Town towards the denizens of Forest’s Edge will ease up a little. That’s what I was hoping for when I initially proposed for you to start a business in the Post Station Town. And of course, I have always believed that the denizens of Forest’s Edge deserve a more prosperous life.」</p>

    <p>If Kamyua Yost didn’t propose that I set up a stall… I wouldn’t have gotten to know Milano Mast, Yumi, Naudiz, Pops Balan’s entourage, and Shumimaru’s band.</p>

    <p>The Tsun clan wouldn’t have requested for me to tend to their hearth, which led to me exposing their crimes of stealing from the forest.</p>

    <p>And now, I couldn’t imagine what would have happened instead.</p>

    <p>「… Kamyua, you have given us much convenience as a person from the Rock City. I can understand that. But…」</p>

    <p>「The denizens of Forest’s Edge won’t forgive a con man like me.」</p>

    <p>Kamyua Yost scratched his thin jaw that was covered with a stubble.</p>

    <p>「Never mind, I’m fine with that. Even if all the Forest’s Edge thinks of me as a snake, my admiration and respect for you all won’t change. But it will be troubling if you don’t trust Genos. The denizens of Forest’s Edge are righteous and brave, I wouldn’t want you to ditch the Morga forest and move to some other forest.」</p>

    <p>「… Did you eavesdrop on us again?」</p>

    <p>「I did not! So you really did discuss that? That’s troubling… The tribal chiefs met with that Pyschkurewuss a few times already, correct? Do you think that the people from Rock City seem more and more suspicious?」</p>

    <p>I still didn’t know what kind of person Pyschkurewuss was.</p>

    <p>Was he really involved with the incident this time?</p>

    <p>「Can I ask you a question? You mentioned that you won’t pursue Pyschkurewuss’ part in the matter and exposing the Tsun clan’s crimes would just trouble the people around us. If that is so, why did you ignore Pyschkurewuss and formulate such a crude plan to force the Tsun clan to the preciple?」</p>

    <p>「Hmm? If I want to expose Pyschkurewuss’ crimes, I will need to flush out his accomplice, the Tsun clan, right?」</p>

    <p>「… What?」</p>

    <p>I thought I heard something incredible.</p>

    <p>Kamyua Yost scratched his head and said:</p>

    <p>「Ah, I never mentioned this, right? I don’t have evidence, but two or three of the people hurt by the denizens of Forest’s Edge were Pyschkurewuss’ political enemy. It might look like the works of bandits on the surface, but it happened over a decade ago, so I can’t find any solid evidence.」</p>

    <p>「If that is so…」</p>

    <p>「And the girls from farming villages abducted by the denizens of Forest’s Edge got sold to slave merchants. Putting that with the caravan incident ten years ago, the denizens of Forest’s Edge couldn’t have traded the loot for copper plates by themselves. It would be more natural to think that someone in Rock City is helping them.」</p>

    <p>「If all of this is known, why wasn’t this man sentenced for his crimes?」</p>

    <p>「Because we lack evidence. That’s why we wanted to capture the vicious criminal Zattsu Tsun alive… Regrettably, he didn’t answer our questions and just kept hailing insults our way.」</p>

    <p>「…」</p>

    <p>「Although he didn’t answer the questions, he confessed that he attacked the caravan of the citizens of the Post Station Town ten years ago before. Malfreed thinks this is the only evidence we can rely on to push Pyschkurewuss to the brink.」</p>

    <p>「… So you want to expose Pyschkurewuss’ crimes next?」</p>

    <p>「Of course. If we uncover any wrongdoing, Malfreed will swing down his sword of justice… Since the opponent is an evil aristocrat of Rock City, I can assist him without any hesitation.」</p>

    <p>Kamyua Yost showed his Cheshire cat-like smile again.</p>

    <p>This man… Who exactly was he?</p>

    <p>I turned to Ai Fa and found her observing Kamyua Yost suspiciously.</p>

    <p>「Ai Fa, what are your thoughts about him?」</p>

    <p>「Hmm?」</p>

    <p>「He lied to us for tens of days and caused Dali Sauti to meet with danger, don’t you want to chastise a despicable liar like him?」</p>

    <p>「No, erm, can you wait until I’m gone before you…」</p>

    <p>「I don’t feel that way.」</p>

    <p>Ai Fa cut off Kamyua Yost firmly.</p>

    <p>「I knew this man couldn’t be trusted from the start. As for the men of the Sauti clan… They fought against kiba as part of their obligation as hunters. The vicious criminals who agitated the kiba are the ones to blame.」</p>

    <p>「Yes, but Kamyua’s posse refused the Sauti clan’s suggestion to increase the number of escorts because they wanted to apprehend the vicious criminals by themselves, right? With that in mind, he really is despicable.」</p>

    <p>「No, erm, well…」</p>

    <p>「However, he couldn’t have relayed the entire matter to the other party. They didn’t know what kind of house the Sauti was, and it would be terrible if the Sauti was actually in cahoots with the Tsun clan. Besides, the vicious criminal might give up on the attack if they saw a dozen hunters working as escorts… He was doing this all for the sake of apprehending the vicious criminals.」</p>

    <p>I agreed with Ai Fa and returned my gaze back to Kamyua Yost.</p>

    <p>「Similar to how the relationships between the people in Rock City aren’t airtight, the denizens of Forest’s Edge also harbor their own thinking. No matter what, if we want to maintain our relationships, we need to be accommodating, understanding, and communicating properly with each other.」</p>

    <p>「… Communicating? Who should communicate with whom?」</p>

    <p>「My people with your people, Forest’s Edge and Genos… Kamyua Yost, you mentioned before that you don’t mind being detested by the denizens of Forest’s Edge, and Malfreed has no intentions of justifying his actions. The denizens of Forest’s Edge are also apathetic towards the Post Station Town and Rock City citizens. Under such circumstances, how can we form proper bonds?」</p>

    <p>「Hmm?」</p>

    <p>Kamyua Yost tilted his head quizzingly.</p>

    <p>I stared at his face and said:</p>

    <p>「First of all, you have to give the tribal chiefs of Forest’s Edge an honest account of everything that happened. After establishing a minimum level of trust between the two sides, bring Malfreed along to their meeting with Pyschkurewuss that is scheduled to happen a few days later.」</p>

    <p>「Malfreed? Bring him to the meeting? Asuta, that will be huge! Malfreed might be grinding his blade right now as he prepares to expose Pyschkurewuss’ past crimes!」</p>

    <p>「That might be so, but Forest’s Edge already knows that your caravan was a farce and also about that incident 10 years ago. They will definitely bring it up during the meeting… If neither you nor Malfreed is present, this matter won’t make any progress.」</p>

    <p>「What are you talking about! Asuta, do you think I have to participate in the meeting too?」</p>

    <p>「Am I wrong…? My hometown has a saying that 『Silence is golden』, but in the face of such circumstances, silence won’t resolve any problems. Everyone needs to come to an understanding by talking it out.」</p>

    <p>Just wanting the other side to believe you one-sidedly might result in the failure to convey your thoughts properly at times.</p>

    <p>No matter how clumsy, sometimes, you have to say how you really feel to convey your intentions to the other party.</p>

    <p>After watching Tay Tsun’s actions yesterday, I understood this point.</p>

    <p>Tay Tsun was like the spokesman for Zattsu Tsun and advocated for the righteousness of the Tsun clan’s actions. But the denizens of Forest’s Edge responded in anger. Not just Ai Fa, Ludo Wu, Rau Lei, Shin Wu, and me— all the denizens born and bred in Forest’s Edge wanted to speak their piece to Tay Tsun.</p>

    <p>And this resulted in the Post Station Town’s people hearing what the denizens of Forest’s Edge really felt. This was the first time they learned what the denizens of Forest’s Edge thought and their feelings towards life.</p>

    <p>When Tay Tsun’s corpse was taken away and the soldiers released us from custody, Uncle Dora embraced us. He was crying a river, and so was Tara. In the beginning, I didn’t know why he was so sad. When he calmed down, Uncle Dora said to us:</p>

    <p><i>I didn’t know that the denizens of Forest’s Edge were living such a life…</i></p>

    <p><i>We can’t thank you enough…</i></p>

    <p><i>Before I met you, I always looked at the denizens of Forest’s Edge with disdain, I feel so ashamed…</i></p>

    <p>That was the gist of it.</p>

    <p>The denizens of Forest’s Edge would rather starve to death than pick the fruits of the forest. This truth devastated Uncle Dora. In order to protect the western farms, Genos forced the denizens of Forest’s Edge to live such a life. For people like him who owns a farm in the west, this fact must have pained him.</p>

    <p>After that, we obviously didn’t continue with our business. After preparing the food in the 《Big Tree of the South Inn》, we returned to the Forest’s Edge settlement. The next day, or rather today, we entered the Post Station Town cautiously and found that the atmosphere had returned back to normal. And of course, not all westerners smiled at us, and we saw many people showing fear and doubt. But I could feel that something was different.</p>

    <p>Unlike the what happened before that incident, this was a difficult-to-describe change— they seemed to be observing the denizens of Forest’s Edge closely and trying to figure out an answer… It wasn’t normal discrimination, fear or xenophobia, they were looking at us with a different type of gaze.</p>

    <p><i>Who exactly are they?</i> They were silent, but I could feel them asking this question.</p>

    <p>How much resolve did the denizens of Forest’s Edge had to make when they hunted? The citizens of the Post Station Town finally got their answer.</p>

    <p>What crimes did their brethrens commit that made the citizens of Post Station Town so fearful? The denizens of Forest’s Edge also received their reply.</p>

    <p>I thought the curtains had just been drawn. Could the denizens of Forest’s Edge and the people in the Post Station Town really understand each other? Their personalities might be very different, but could we still be good neighbors and interact with each other? We were finally on the starting line for figuring this out.</p>

    <p>In that case, the people from the Genos castle also had to stand at the starting point.</p>

    <p>We could give up anytime, but I thought we should work hard towards the goal of understanding each other. And if we found out in the end that we were like oil and water, we could decide to part ways. But before that, no matter how arduous the path might be, we still had to slough on bravely… This was in order to avoid Tay Tsun’s death, who played the part of the villain until his last breath, to be in vain.</p>

    <p>「… Asuta.」</p>

    <p>「Hmm?」</p>

    <p>I turned around and saw Ai Fa staring at me with serious eyes.</p>

    <p>「When will dinner be ready? I’m hungry.」</p>

    <p>「Ah, sorry, I just need to grill the hamburg steak.」</p>

    <p>Ai Fa subtly raised her right hand and covered her mouth. She probably wanted to hide her smile after perceiving the term ‘hamburg steak’.</p>

    <p>「Alright then, I should be going soon. Asuta, I will treat your advice as my homework. Sorry for intruding on your work.」</p>

    <p>Kamyua Yost stood up gently.</p>

    <p>I was preparing to grill the hamburg steaks and turned my head back in surprise upon hearing him say that.</p>

    <p>「Ehh? Are you not staying for dinner? I prepared three portions.」</p>

    <p>「What? Do you want to dine with me in such a situation?」</p>

    <p>「I thought your visit at this hour implied this as your true goal.」</p>

    <p>「Even the thick-skinned me isn’t that shameless…」</p>

    <p>「Are you going back then?」</p>

    <p>「No, I will be much obliged!」</p>

    <p>He announced frantically and suddenly narrowed his eyes.</p>

    <p>「Asuta, you have grown strong. You are completely different from when I first met you.」</p>

    <p>「That’s true. After being through so much, it would be terrible if I have not grown at all.」</p>

    <p>I looked at Kamyua Yost’s strange eyes.</p>

    <p>「Kamyua Yost, from the very beginning, you have been an important person to us.」</p>

    <p>「Huh? Why are you saying that all of a sudden? I’m just a nomad without fixed roots.」</p>

    <p>「Even so, things wouldn’t have become so complicated if we had built a stronger bond. I have been keeping an adequate distance from you too. If I trusted you from the bottom of my heart… and you also did the same, there might have been fewer casualties.」</p>

    <p>「But I trust you a lot.」</p>

    <p>「If so, why didn’t you tell me the true purpose of the caravan? Why didn’t you tell me about the misfortune of the loved ones of Milano Mast and Leito? If you told me that, the men from the Sauti clan wouldn’t have gotten injured for nothing.」</p>

    <p>When he heard my words, Kamyua Yost was at a loss for words, which was a rare sight.</p>

    <p>「However, you had no other choice back then. After all, I didn’t tell you the whole information on the Tsun clan’s situation either. So we are even there, but…」</p>

    <p>However, if we could get closer to each other and brainstorm about it, we might have been able to find a way to only bring Zattsu Tsun to task without implicating anyone else. This filled me with regret.</p>

    <p>「… I heard that they will permit Tay Tsun’s body to be buried in Forest’s Edge.」</p>

    <p>Kamyua Yost suddenly brought up this matter.</p>

    <p>He narrowed his drooping eyes which were filled with a clear light.</p>

    <p>「Yes, his former family members buried him in Forest’s Edge personally… What about it?」</p>

    <p>「No, nothing. Instead of atoning him by interring him as a criminal in Rock City, this might be a better way of doing it.」</p>

    <p>「Kamyua, if we are to build a stronger relationship of trust, we will have to share what we really think with each other. We can’t take the stand that silence is golden… Let me be frank with you, I don’t like your eyes that seem to be able to see through anything.」</p>

    <p>Kamyua Yost looked at me with his usual gaze, then shrugged his shoulders under his cloak.</p>

    <p>「That’s really mean, I have never learned mind reading before.」</p>

    <p>「Anyway, the people of Forest’s Edge and Genos castle need to open their hearts to each other. Can you bring Malfreed to the meeting?」</p>

    <p>「That will be difficult, but for the sake of the friendship between Forest’s Edge and Genos, I will do everything I can.」</p>

    <p>After Kamyua Yost said that, he showed a satisfied smile.</p>

    <p>At this moment, Ai Fa kept tugging at my sleeve, her eyes were saying:「Is the hamburg steak done yet?」</p>

    <p>There was still a mountain of problems between Forest’s Edge and Genos. With that in mind, I cooked dinner for my beloved house head and the friend of ours who liked pretending to be retarded.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>