<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Mid Meal Snack: The Hearth Caretaker of the Wu Clan</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter">
    <h1>Mid Meal Snack: <span epub:type="subtitle">The Hearth Caretaker of the Wu Clan</span></h1>

    <p>「Leina-nee, why do you look so down?」</p>

    <p>The Wu clan sisters were preparing dinner. Lala Wu who was grilling the poitan asked curiously.</p>

    <p>Leina Wu who was cooking the kiba soup answered weakly:</p>

    <p>「It’s nothing…」</p>

    <p>「It’s not nothing. Did I make you mad?」</p>

    <p>「Not at all, why must I be angry at you?」</p>

    <p>「Well~, because you have been stealing glances at me. I thought you are unhappy about something.」</p>

    <p>「How can that be…? I just think your skill in tending to the hearth has improved.」</p>

    <p>Leina Wu sighed when she answered. Lala Wu raised her eyebrows a little unhappily and leaned closer.</p>

    <p>「See, you really are feeling down. Just tell me what’s on your mind.」</p>

    <p>「I already told you that isn’t it… I’m just a little envious of you and Vena-nee…」</p>

    <p>「Hmm? Envious? What do you mean?」</p>

    <p>「You get to help Asuta every day, so your skills are getting better, right? Of course, I will feel envious.」</p>

    <p>Lala Wu stopped looking peeved, and said confusedly:</p>

    <p>「Hmm〜? But Vena-nee and I are just helping to tend to the stall, and don’t cut the meat or vegetables. That wouldn’t improve our skills at all.」</p>

    <p>「No, you are far better than before. You did very well during the house head conference too.」</p>

    <p>「Really? I will be glad if that is true.」</p>

    <p>Lala Wu showed her teeth with a smile and then reverted back to her usual expression.</p>

    <p>「Speaking of which, Asuta is letting Shela Wu grill the meat now. Vena-nee and I will never win against her.」</p>

    <p>「That’s true. I think she is incredible too.」</p>

    <p>Leina Wu sighed after saying that.</p>

    <p>「Her culinary skills must be amazing now, and I can never catch up to her now… Sigh, I want to help with Asuta’s work too…」</p>

    <p>「… Are you saying that because you want to improve your culinary skills?」</p>

    <p>「Huh? What do you mean?」</p>

    <p>「I’m just wondering if you want to do this because you want to spend time together with Asuta.」</p>

    <p>「T-That’s not it!」</p>

    <p>Leina Wu’s face turned beet red.</p>

    <p>「It must be nice to work together with Asuta… But compared to that, I want to improve my hearth tending skills more! It’s true, I’m not lying.」</p>

    <p>「Don’t be so flustered. It’s more natural for you to think that anyway.」</p>

    <p>Lala Wu piled the grilled poitan onto a plate and shrugged.</p>

    <p>「Leina-nee, you are still the best hearth caretaker in our family, far better than me and Vena-nee. You don’t need to improve anymore, right? Didn’t Ludo always say that your cooking tastes the best?」</p>

    <p>「That’s because he doesn’t compare me with Asuta…」</p>

    <p>「Why are you comparing yourself with Asuta? Asuta is special, you can’t win against him.」</p>

    <p>Leina Wu was stumped.</p>

    <p>Lala Wu’s words surprised her too much.</p>

    <p>「… But, you want to get better at tending to the hearth too, right? Wouldn’t it be amazing if your cooking is as good as Asuta’s?」</p>

    <p>「Huh? Of course, I want to get better at grilling meat. But I will never win against Asuta… Leina-nee, are you troubled over this?」</p>

    <p>Lala Wu asked bewilderedly and scratched her red hair.</p>

    <p>「Leina-nee, you are thinking of something amazing. If I have to say… I’m envious of Shela Wu and you who already can serve up delicious meals.」</p>

    <p>「Ehh?」</p>

    <p>「No matter what, don’t be too depressed, it will worry the people around you. I can guarantee that your culinary skills are great.」</p>

    <p>Lala Wu said a little angrily, then shoved a krilee stick through the empty pot.</p>

    <p>「It’s not dark yet, so I will wash the pot. Don’t daze around and spoil the food. Everyone is looking forward to your cooking.」</p>

    <p>After Lala Wu left the stove room, Leina Wu sighed again.</p>

    <p><i>So that’s how Lala feels. Even though I’m still lacking…</i></p>

    <p>Leina Wu wanted to serve even more delicious meals for everyone. If her cooking could rival that of Asuta, how blissful would that be… She had been thinking about this for dozens of days.</p>

    <p>However, she still couldn’t go and help in the Post Station Town. All this time, Shela Wu had been improving steadily and could even tend to the stall when Asuta had to leave. Shela Wu’s hearth caretaking abilities must be better than hers. When Leina Wu thought about that, her heart became filled with deep regrets.</p>

    <p>Shela Wu was an important kin. She was also the daughter of Donda Wu’s younger brother, a close relative of Leina Wu. As her culinary skills improved, she became more cheerful and bright. Leina Wu was happy for her, but that also filled with regret and sadness.</p>

    <p>If Asuta could tutor her, she would definitely get a lot better. Her cooking might be on par with Asuta’s then… Was thinking like this arrogant and ungrateful?</p>

    <p>But Leina Wu couldn’t stop this feeling.</p>

    <p>Lala Wu was right. She did want to meet Asuta. If possible, she still wished for Asuta to become a member of the Wu clan. She hoped Asuta could become her family and to walk down the same path together. Her mind was clogged with such thoughts, which frequently resulted in insomnia.</p>

    <p>Compared to how much she thought about Asuta… no, because of how much Leina Wu thought about Asuta, she hoped to improve further and get on the same level as Asuta. She wanted to stand on the same height as Asuta and look at the same scenery. Leina Wu probably didn’t want to be with Asuta, she wants to be Asuta.</p>

    <p><i>I can’t see anything right now. I also want to do the things that Asuta can do so easily. The one I’m the most envious of is probably Asuta, not Shela Wu.</i></p>

    <p>Just what kind of emotion was this?</p>

    <p>She felt a sadness that seemed to be tightening her chest. The next instant, her heart was filled with jealousy, as if a fire was burning in her abdomen. She never realized that she was such a despicable person. Leina Wu felt like crying.</p>

    <p>However, that was just how she was.</p>

    <p>Everyone thought that Lala Wu’s personality was more violent and Vena Wu was more steadfast. However, the strong personality hidden inside Leina Wu was on par with them.</p>

    <p><i>Does Asuta harbor such thoughts too…?</i><i></i></p>

    <p>Leina Wu thought as she added firewood into the stove.</p>

    <p>At this moment, Rimee Wu just happened to return to the stove room.</p>

    <p>「This dish is done! Hmm? Where is Lala?」</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu and Grandma Ditto Min Wu were roasting meat in the stove outside.</p>

    <p>Leina Wu stirred the soup in the pot and turned her head meekly.</p>

    <p>「Lala went to wash the pot. I’m done too, can you help me get the plates?」</p>

    <p>「Yes, got it!」</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu moved swiftly and placed plates onto a board according to the number of people. They just needed to bring the pot into the house and serve it to everyone.</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu who had done her work walked towards Leina Wu.</p>

    <p>「Hmm〜, smells nice! Did you add that ingredient called Tau Sauce?」</p>

    <p>「Yes, Asuta said it’s well suited for soup.」</p>

    <p>「It looks yummy! Can I try some?」</p>

    <p>「Huh? We are having dinner soon, though?」</p>

    <p>「But Papa and the rest are still out hunting. I’m starving and can’t wait any longer.」</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu tugged at Leina Wu’s waistband while saying that.</p>

    <p>Leina Wu smiled wryly and said:「Help me get a small plate.」, and Rimee Wu spun around gleefully.</p>

    <p>Today’s kiba contained Aria, Chachi, and tino. She also seasoned the soup with salt and Tau sauce. And of course, they added generous servings of kiba meat too.</p>

    <p>Tau Sauce was an incredible ingredient. She heard that this was a type of 「seasoning」. Tau sauce couldn’t be eaten alone, but by adding it to other ingredients, the food would become delicious, like after using some sort of magic potion.</p>

    <p>One bottle of Tau sauce cost ten red copper plates. Ten red copper plates could buy ten fruit wines, or 40 poitan, or 50 Aria. After pleading with her parents for a long time, she finally got permission to buy this bottle of seasoning.</p>

    <p>If Leina Wu failed in any one of her cooking, they probably wouldn’t allow her to buy Tau Sauce anymore. And so, Leina Wu carefully tasted the soup and used the Tau Sauce cherishingly. She had used it for a few days now, and her parents had yet to scold her.</p>

    <p>「Here’s the plate! Can you add a little bit of meat and vegetables?」</p>

    <p>Leina Wu nodded and poured the 『Kiba meat soup』 into the tiny plate.</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu showed a big smile and then sipped the soup.</p>

    <p>「So yummy! Leina-nee, your soup is the best!」</p>

    <p>「It’s thanks to the Tau sauce. Anyone can cook delicious soup with this ingredient.」</p>

    <p>「That’s not true. The meat soup you served in the past is also tastier than everyone else’s.」</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu bit the small piece of kiba cherishingly and continued:</p>

    <p>「Besides, Asuta also said this before, right? The taste and fragrance of the Tau sauce are strong and won’t change even if you cooked it for a long time, so it isn’t an ingredient that is easy to use. I don’t think anyone can cook such a tasty soup even if they used Tau sauce!」</p>

    <p>「… Even so, I still can’t beat Asuta.」</p>

    <p>Leina Wu said depressedly again.</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu tilted her head after hearing that.</p>

    <p>「Is that so? You and Shela Wu will be as good as Asuta one day, right? Although it is impossible for Vena-nee and Lala.」</p>

    <p>Leina Wu was shocked and stared at the petite face of the Wu clan’s youngest daughter.</p>

    <p>「B-But it’s Asuta, you know? Leaving me aside, even Shela Wu can’t defeat him.」</p>

    <p>「It’s not true. You and Shela Wu are as passionate towards cooking as Asuta, correct?」</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu smiled gently.</p>

    <p>「Ludo once said that the prouder the hunter, the more capable he is. If one was to find joy in the life of a hunter and work with honor, they could become stronger… Shela Wu and you will definitely become hearth caretakers that can stand up to Asuta!」</p>

    <p>Leina Wu became lost for words.</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu leaned towards Leina Wu again.</p>

    <p>「Rimee will work hard, so you have to work hard too, alright? Let’s become great hearth caretakers together!」</p>

    <p>Leina Wu couldn’t find the words to answer and placed her hand on Rimee Wu’s head.</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu’s smile was as bright as the morning sun. The troubling feelings in Leina Wu’s chest transformed into other emotions as Leina looked at her sister.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>