<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I pointed at the back of the fallen Duke.<br/>
[Eve.]<br/>
[Umu.]<br/>
[You may be wanting to hear the Duke begging for his life, but please keep it as brief as possible.]<br/>
Eve didn’t reply immediately.<br/>
I temporarily stopped counting the corpses on the ground and said,<br/>
[If you don’t like to do it, I’ll—]<br/>
[No.]<br/>
Eve opens her mouth.<br/>
[Let me do this myself.]<br/>
[Alright. Just come find me after you’re done.]<br/>
Nodding towards me once, Eve stands before the Duke.<br/>
And in her hand, she’s holding a sword.<br/>
I went back to counting the number of corpses on the ground.<br/>
[Nuuuoooohhh… Guuhhhggiiiigggiiiii… Hiiii…. Hiiiiiiiii…]<br/>
Finally, the Duke couldn’t escape from reality anymore.<br/>
I could see it from behind him.<br/>
The Duke’s fear.<br/>
[I think it might have been better for you if you can’t speak. That way, I don’t have to be worried that I would be deceived again by your words… I’m just a simple person, afterall.]<br/>
Eve’s voice stops.<br/>
Her voice was as cold as ice.<br/>
[I think that if you managed to deceive me now, it’s possible that I might have some feelings that would suddenly gush up within me and I might suddenly find myself forgiving you. However… Reaching your hand towards that child is a bad move.]<br/>
[Giiguuuuuhhh… Guuuhhhhh….]<br/>
[Even if you shed tears, I will not be fooled anymore.]<br/>
[Giigiiigiiiiiiiiii……..]<br/>
[Farewell.]<br/>
A short, low scream is all that’s left of him in the end.<br/>
I think back to the final words Eve said.<br/>
If you were to think about it normally, you would think that her words were directed at the Duke.<br/>
However, depending on how you look at it, it’s possible that these words were directed to her own naive past self.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
▽<br/>
Footsteps began approaching and stopped behind me.<br/>
[Touka.]<br/>
[…Are you done with it?]<br/>
[Umu.]<br/>
Eve feels more cheerful than I had thought.<br/>
[Touka-dono.]<br/>
Seras came out of the forest along with Liz on her hand.<br/>
Now, she had already changed back to her original appearance.<br/>
The power of the spirits requires appropriate compensation when you use them.<br/>
It’s not something you should arbitrarily use when it’s not necessary.<br/>
Well, she doesn’t really need the power of altering her appearance right now.<br/>
Seras is looking around the area.<br/>
[It looks like it’s finally over.]<br/>
Liz tightly grasps the hem of Seras’ clothes.<br/>
She’s standing really close around Seras’ waist.<br/>
I spoke.<br/>
[Liz, if you don’t like seeing their corpses—]<br/>
[I- I’m alright…]<br/>
[Are you sure?]<br/>
[I’ve already seen a lot of them back when I was travelling with my sister… most of them were people who tried attacking us…]<br/>
So, this isn’t the first time she had seen corpses huh…<br/>
However, it looks like she’s still trembling a bit.<br/>
Well, this really isn’t something you could get used to.<br/>
[Seras, I still have some things to do here along with Eve. Will you take Liz with you and prepare for our departure?]<br/>
[Understood. Now then, after we retrieve our luggages we left behind, we would still have to catch the horse that should still be loitering around the area.]<br/>
[I’m counting on you. Ah, one more thing.]<br/>
[What is it?]<br/>
[Thanks for backing me up with your arrows earlier.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Seras suddenly looked quite uncertain.<br/>
[That was also my own judgement that you’ve never instructed—]<br/>
[I’ve already told you before, right? I trust your own judgement.]<br/>
She closes her eyes as she digests my words.<br/>
With her eyes closed, she places her hands on her chest.<br/>
[Yes, thank you very much…]<br/>
[Sigh… You’re the sub-leader of this “Mercenary Corp”. At the time that I can’t give out my instructions, I will leave the judgement to you. Eve. Liz. Are you fine with that?]<br/>
[Umu.]<br/>
[Y- Yes.]<br/>
Eve and Liz replied.<br/>
Seras smiles.<br/>
[I’ll be in your care from hereafter, you two.]<br/>
[One more thing, Seras.]<br/>
[What is it?]<br/>
[Before you prepare for our departure, will you take that thing I’ve shown you earlier from my luggage? I think I’ll use it later. Let’s see… You can just leave it around the area.]<br/>
Seras immediately looks like she understands what I meant.<br/>
[Yes, understood.]<br/>
After deciding for a general area where we would meet up later, Seras turns towards the forest.<br/>
[Umm… Seras-sama.]<br/>
Looking quite nervous, Liz stops her.<br/>
[What is it, Liz?]<br/>
[P-Please let me… help out too.]<br/>
Liz’s voice is trembling.<br/>
[I’m also a member… of Touka-sama’s Mercenary Corp after all…]<br/>
[Liz?]<br/>
There were some tears on the corner of Liz’s eyes.<br/>
[I also want to be helpful at something…]<br/>
She’s doing something bad.<br/>
I feel like Liz somehow thinks something like that.<br/>
Seras gently pats Liz on her head.<br/>
[I understand. Then, will you please help me carry some of the luggage? Is that okay?]<br/>
[Y- Yes… Thank you, Seras-sama…]<br/>
The two then started going into the forest.<br/>
Liz is afraid to speak of her own will.<br/>
I think that’s a bad thing.<br/>
It’s probably the influence of living together with that proprietress.<br/>
They’ve denied her of it.<br/>
All children have wills of their own.<br/>
They didn’t let them hold their own thoughts.<br/>
They would then be told to only follow what they have been told.<br/>
Like that, they would then be able to hold onto your own head.<br/>
After that, the children would lose confidence in their own thoughts.<br/>
Whatever they felt like doing, they would end up thinking that it’s wrong.<br/>
Her emotions would gradually start freezing her in place…<br/>
It seems that the wounds Liz received in her heart were quite deep.<br/>
[Eve.]<br/>
[What is it?]<br/>
[It seems you’d need some time to heal the wounds she suffered.]<br/>
[Even if I’m insensitive, I would still be responsible for that child’s well-being… Naturally, I intend to keep doing that.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I looked at them as Liz disappeared into the forest.<br/>
[While we’re travelling together, me and Seras will also be working together with that.]<br/>
[Ah… Thank you, Touka.]<br/>
▽<br/>
[Putting that aside, Touka. What are we going to do?]<br/>
There are corpses scattered all around.<br/>
We have been counting all of the corpses until just now.<br/>
There was no person that was able to run away.<br/>
It’s a complete annihilation.<br/>
I’ve also made sure the people I’ve poisoned before can never talk anymore as they lay dead on the ground.<br/>
[……………………..]<br/>
I guess I’ll explain some things to Eve huh…<br/>
I put my hand into my pouch.<br/>
[Look at this, Eve.]<br/>
[This is ice…?]<br/>
This thing I’m holding with my fingertips…<br/>
Small blocks of ice.<br/>
Squinting her eyes, Eve observed what I’m holding.<br/>
[Fumu…? There seems to be some kind of bug inside the ice but…]<br/>
[That’s right. This is a living insect that I’ve frozen with my <Freeze> skill.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
