<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<Urza’s King POV><br/>
 <br/>
My hand is on my forehead as I could feel the headache that’s budding deep within my mind.<br/>
 <br/>
(The Ashinto disappeared…!?)<br/>
 <br/>
A few days ago, it was reported that the Blood Champion Eve Speed fled from Monroy.<br/>
Duke Zuan departed from the royal capital to follow that were-leopard.<br/>
It is said that the Duke was accompanied by Ashinto in his pursuit.<br/>
 <br/>
(The only people remaining in that place… were the duke’s private army and the mercenaries he hired…)<br/>
 <br/>
It seems they couldn’t find the figures of the Ashinto anywhere near that place.<br/>
 <br/>
(Zuan, you bastard… Don’t tell me he had a dispute with the Ashinto…? Guh! Even though I kept on telling him to be really careful about his treatment with those fellows…!)<br/>
 <br/>
Something must have happened back there.<br/>
 <br/>
(There were only some weapons and armor left behind there… So that they could quickly leave with their horses, they left behind the heavy armors huh…)<br/>
 <br/>
It seems that they’ve decided that their prided sorcery would be enough even though they don’t have a weapon.<br/>
Incidentally, there were some traces that they have taken away the gold and some of the goods the others were carrying.<br/>
 <br/>
(According to the information I’ve obtained, Eve Speed wouldn’t have been able to defeat all of them alone no matter how much I think about it.)<br/>
 <br/>
Did the Ashinto join Eve’s side?<br/>
However, I can’t find any reason why they would join Eve’s side.<br/>
As I thought, I think it’s more probable that some kind of internal conflict happened within the pursuer’s ranks.<br/>
 <br/>
(I haven’t anticipated something like this happening…)<br/>
 <br/>
Duke Zuan had an excellent ability of organizing ruffians.<br/>
Is it because all of his subordinates and the people he hired were given some moderate freedom to act on their own?<br/>
Or perhaps, is it because he pays really well?<br/>
The Duke was well liked by people like that.<br/>
I valued that ability the Duke had.<br/>
Especially when it comes to negotiating with troublesome people.<br/>
I would entrust such negotiations to Duke Zuan.<br/>
The Blood Colosseum where distinguished individuals with their own idiosyncrasy gathers.<br/>
The Duke was also a part in the management of that facility.<br/>
He should have already been accustomed with the treatment he should give towards those powerful people.<br/>
Of course, I also know about the bad rumors lurking about him.<br/>
 <br/>
(However, the Ashinto fellows were more troublesome than I had thought. I thought it would have been fine if I entrusted them with that guy, but…)<br/>
 <br/>
I’ve never thought something like this would happen.<br/>
 <br/>
(I wanted to keep all of those who claimed that they were the one who killed the Five Dragon Warriors as my pawns in hand… Just so I could show them off towards the other countries…)<br/>
 <br/>
Even that Dragonslayer would end up as just another pawn in my hand after some time.<br/>
I thought that Ashinto would eventually be just another pawn of mine.<br/>
 <br/>
(Am I too naive, thinking something like that? Ngghhhh…! Most of all, most of all is that—)<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
How do I report this to the goddess?<br/>
 <br/>
This had to happen after the meeting at the Anti-Demon White Castle.<br/>
The Goddess had suggested that matter about the Ashinto towards me.<br/>
 <br/>
“As for that matter with the Ashinto, I guess I’ll leave it to Magister King’ hands, huh? Fufufu… I want you to make sure that you expose them, whether those fellows really killed the Five Dragon Warriors or not!”<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess entrusted this to me.<br/>
The Goddess is relying on the King of Urza.<br/>
As evidence of that, the Vysis’ Apostle left my country just the other day.<br/>
She pulled out the observers that should have been dispatched to every country.<br/>
It could be seen as a sign that we’ve gained the goddess’ trust towards us.<br/>
Most of all…<br/>
 <br/>
(Even though I should be glad that eyesore lass Nyantan finally left…)<br/>
 <br/>
Her redeeming features were her beautiful face and her likeable body.<br/>
Her outfit was truly a feast for my eyes.<br/>
However, I would only get tired after looking at her if you put those features aside.<br/>
I can’t find any hint of etiquettes within her movements.<br/>
Her cold eyes that look as if she could see through anything.<br/>
There’s no warmth in her behaviour even towards me, the king of this country.<br/>
She became nothing but a first-rate eyesore.<br/>
However, I can’t do anything to her.<br/>
I heard that she’s special even amongst Vysis’ Apostles.<br/>
I don’t know what kind of retaliation they would do once I extend my hand towards her.<br/>
 <br/>
(Nngggghhh… It’s possible they would dispatch that annoying Nyantan to this place again.)<br/>
 <br/>
I firmly grasped the report I’ve received.<br/>
 <br/>
(When she was here, I always felt like I’m being monitored all the time and it really feels uncomfortable.. Uuuuhhh..)<br/>
 <br/>
There’s no other choice but to find the Ashinto and renegotiate with them.<br/>
They have annihilated the Duke’s private army, including Costello.<br/>
I heard that there’s also famous mercenaries mixed along with them.<br/>
 <br/>
(As for the matter of killing the Five Dragon Warriors, I intend to take some time to verify whether it was really the truth or not but…)<br/>
 <br/>
There is no longer any room for doubt.<br/>
Their ability to kill the Five Dragon Warriors were the real deal.<br/>
It would be difficult even if I were to send my Magic Knights to deal with them.<br/>
 <br/>
(Though I say that, it would also be difficult for me to call back the Dragonslayer from the Goddess…)<br/>
 <br/>
[Umm… My King, what should we do?]<br/>
 <br/>
I became startled.<br/>
I forgot that my retainers were still nearby.<br/>
In a hurry to keep up appearances, I covered my eyes with one of my hands.<br/>
 <br/>
[Umu… I was just a bit shocked by the death of Duke Zuan… However, it’s alright now.]<br/>
[And then, about this matter about the Ashinto… How should we report this to Alion?]<br/>
 <br/>
Cold sweat began dropping behind my back.<br/>
 <br/>
[We must report it immediately… It would be even worse if they were to find out later that we didn’t immediately report it…]<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess is a really terrifying existence.<br/>
 <br/>
Her beautiful appearance would never fool me.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
You won’t know what to do when you ever offended her.<br/>
I recalled the rumors about the Holy Kingdom of Neia.<br/>
Neia have been suddenly invaded by the Bakuos Empire.<br/>
There has never been an invasion from the other countries of this continent until that instance.<br/>
 <br/>
It’s because the Goddess has practically forbidden it.<br/>
However, the Goddess didn’t intervene even when they were invading Neia.<br/>
What is the reason why Neia lost the Goddess’ “divine protection”?<br/>
 <br/>
One of the theories is that the Holy King of Neia have offended the goddess.<br/>
 <br/>
Yes, the Goddess must be absolute.<br/>
 <br/>
(Even that strange opposition of that brat, Mad Emperor would disappear soon after he learns the dreadfulness of the Goddess. Everything would end up on the palms of the Goddess…)<br/>
 <br/>
Is it because of the fear I’m feeling?<br/>
I suddenly feel dizzy.<br/>
Resting my elbow on the arm of my chair, I supported my staggering body.<br/>
 <br/>
[Search for them… Whatever you need to do, go search for Ashinto…]<br/>
 <br/>
[Your Majesty, what should we do about that were-leopard? And then, it appears that the Dark Elf young girl who’s related with the were-leopard have also disappeared. And also, the proprietress of the White Coin who have raised the young girl—]<br/>
 <br/>
I’m already really irritated.<br/>
 <br/>
[Ignore that cowardly were-leopard and that helpless child! I’m sure they’d die before long anyway! Leave that aside, we’re talking about the Ashinto now! Everyone do all that you can to pursue the Ashinto’s footsteps! Understand!?]<br/>
 <br/>
[—-Hah! Acknowledged!]<br/>
 <br/>
I inadvertently grind my teeth.<br/>
 <br/>
(Nggghhh… I had planned on making the Ashinto a convenient pawn and lending her to the Goddess to get in her good graces… I’ve never thought something like this will happen…)<br/>
 <br/>
It seems that the seeds of agony budding within me won’t come to an end yet.<br/>
 <br/>
<Nyantan Kikeepat POV><br/>
 <br/>
[Fumu fumu… The aforementioned group of sorcerers have disappeared after they killed a duke of Urza huh… That’s quite the disturbing news, isn’t it? How scary, I’m scared…]<br/>
 <br/>
Holding the report in her hand, the Goddess said.<br/>
She’s holding the report she received from Urza just the other day.<br/>
It was about the group of sorcerers who claimed to have killed the Five Dragon Warriors.<br/>
Apparently, they have disappeared from everyone’s eyes.<br/>
That was basically the content of their report.<br/>
 <br/>
[However, is their sorcery even the real thing? It’s totally unbelievable. Hmmm? Or is it that’s actually something even I don’t know of? Do you know anything about this?]<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess’ room.<br/>
I’m currently resting my back behind a wall.<br/>
Hearing the Goddess’ question, I briefly replied.<br/>
 <br/>
[No.]<br/>
 <br/>
I only replied just that.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The Goddess…<br/>
 <br/>
[Is that so?]<br/>
 <br/>
—monotonously said and looked back at the report.<br/>
 <br/>
[How scary, I’m scared… Hmm… However, if the Mad Emperor were to gather this Ashinto under his banner, it might become a bit of a problem… Hmmm… However, it would also be a bit difficult if Nyantan were to suddenly return there at this time… Nyantan also had an important duty to do here after all…]<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess crumbled up the report into a ball.<br/>
Subsequently, she exhaled out.<br/>
 <br/>
[Troublesome things like this have to happen even at an important time like this. It seems that the Magic Knights would be using all of their forces in search of the Ashinto… If they really were people who carry the ability to kill the Five Dragon Warriors, I really can’t just ignore their existence now…]<br/>
 <br/>
Puff…<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess cheeks swelled out.<br/>
However, she still had that smile on her face.<br/>
 <br/>
[This is really troubling.]<br/>
[Is there really a problem?]<br/>
 <br/>
A man’s voice lightly asked the Goddess.<br/>
The owner of the voice is from one of the Four Revered Saints, Agito Angoon.<br/>
He’s a gentle-looking young man.<br/>
One of his eyes was hidden behind his black hair.<br/>
I could say that he’s someone I could hardly perceive at all.<br/>
He has a fluffy atmosphere around him.<br/>
However, you can’t make light of his true abilities at all.<br/>
 <br/>
Currently, it wasn’t just me and the Goddess inside this room.<br/>
 <br/>
There were also the four men and women that were summoned from Jonato Principality.<br/>
 <br/>
The Four Revered Saints.<br/>
 <br/>
They were all gathered in this room.<br/>
These four were said to have surpassed even Jonato’s Saint.<br/>
The four of them had the blood of Heroes flowing within their veins.<br/>
In other words, they were from the Lineage of Heroes.<br/>
The eldest son, Agito continues.<br/>
 <br/>
[Isn’t Vysis worried that the Root of all Evil and the Great Demon Emperor’s army might weaken the power of the Deities?]<br/>
 <br/>
[Hmm… You’re right~]<br/>
 <br/>
[Whether it’s the Five Dragon Warriors or this Ashinto, they wouldn’t matter much in Vysis’ battle because they should also be weakened under the influence of the Root of All Evil. Isn’t that so?]<br/>
 <br/>
I finally understand…<br/>
..What Agito is trying to say.<br/>
He’s saying that neither the Five Dragon Warriors nor the Ashinto are the enemy of the Goddess.<br/>
With a small refreshing smile on his face, Agito said.<br/>
 <br/>
[Now, shouldn’t Vysis focus on the Great Demon Emperor’s army who’s vigorously advancing nowadays? Or am I mistaken?]<br/>
 <br/>
[It is exactly as you said but… It would be difficult for me to concentrate on my own battle if I kept on thinking about a Five Dragon Warriors-class abnormality lurking behind my back~]<br/>
 <br/>
[Hahaha. I didn’t expect that you’re surprisingly anxious, Vysis.]<br/>
 <br/>
[Eh? What’s wrong with that? I’m sorry. I’m very aware that you don’t have any bad intentions with what you said, but it’s as if there’s something hidden beneath with how you said it.]<br/>
 <br/>
[………………………]<br/>
 <br/>
[……………………….]<br/>
 <br/>
Agito smiles.<br/>
 <br/>
[Sorry?]<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess also smiles back.<br/>
 <br/>
[No, no. Please don’t mind it~. Please excuse my words, it just unintentionally slipped out of my mouth… I’m quite embarrassed♪]<br/>
 <br/>
I am looking at their exchange of conversation.<br/>
I thought of something while looking at them.<br/>
Is the Goddess irritated with what’s happened too?<br/>
Even with this one incident with the disappearance of the Ashinto…<br/>
I feel like the Goddess is unexpectedly irritated…<br/>
That the troublesome matters have increased.<br/>
That exchange she had just now with Agito…<br/>
It’s possible that happened because the Goddess was really tensed.<br/>
A knock suddenly comes from the door.<br/>
 <br/>
[Goddess-sama.]<br/>
[Do you need something?]<br/>
[Banewolf-sama has arrived.]<br/>
[Ah, he arrived huh… It seems that he arrived a lot later than I had planned~]<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess stands up from her seat.<br/>
A gigantic man with a really great physique steps into the room.<br/>
The gigantic man scratches his head.<br/>
 <br/>
[Ahh… I’m sorry that I’m late.]<br/>
[No, no. I’m glad that you’ve come.]<br/>
 <br/>
Gracefully, the Goddess welcomes him.<br/>
 <br/>
[Dragonslayer.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
