<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<Sogou Ayaka POV><br/>
 <br/>
The Heroes have gathered under the instructions of the Goddess.<br/>
We’re inside a large garden adjacent to the castle.<br/>
No one could enter this place without permission from the Goddess.<br/>
The garden is filled with blooming flowers.<br/>
There was a fragrant aroma wafting around the air.<br/>
As if it’s a dream come true, this would be the place where you would want to spend your time relaxing out of the ruckus of the outside world.<br/>
However, I couldn’t do that now.<br/>
The atmosphere around the gathering Heroes weren’t so peaceful.<br/>
The Goddess would always call us here whenever there is something important to talk about.<br/>
Everyone understands this already.<br/>
 <br/>
The Heroes have been travelling around ruins all these times.<br/>
Into the ruins where the Golden-eyed monsters live.<br/>
Thereupon, we’ve been continuously fighting all the time.<br/>
Of course, it was all so that we could obtain experience.<br/>
Other than that, Alion has also been capturing a large amount of Golden-eyed monesters.<br/>
They’ve captured them so that they could be used as experience for the Heroes.<br/>
The people that were prioritized to be given these captured monsters were Kirihara’s group.<br/>
They had the expectations of the Goddess.<br/>
The number of demons given towards them blatantly tells them so.<br/>
There’s hardly any monsters given towards me and the others.<br/>
 <br/>
(However, my level has considerably risen after defeating the monsters in these ruins…)<br/>
 <br/>
I also learned some tricks on fighting.<br/>
 <br/>
[Recently, I feel like there’s a tense atmosphere in the castle. Don’t you feel it too, Poppo?]<br/>
[Eh? I- Is that so?]<br/>
[Doofus~! You’ve sent too much nutrients into your breasts that you’ve forgotten sending some into your head?]<br/>
[A- Asagi-san…]<br/>
 <br/>
Hiding her breasts, Kashima Kobato curls her body to a ball.<br/>
Her face was bright red.<br/>
Ikusaba Asagi’s shameless remarks.<br/>
Some righteous indignation began welling up within me.<br/>
She has always been like this even back in my previous world.<br/>
It might have been different if she complained even a little bit.<br/>
Trying to caution her, I was about to open my mouth.<br/>
However, Kobato looked straight at my eyes then shook her head.<br/>
Did she read what I have been thinking?<br/>
 <br/>
“I’m alright. Having a dispute here would just be troublesome.”<br/>
 <br/>
Kobato’s eyes were telling me something like that.<br/>
Strong will would only appear in her eyes at times like this.<br/>
Vexed, I could only withdraw.<br/>
Thereupon, Kobato gave a small nod as if she’s thanking me.<br/>
 <br/>
[…………………]<br/>
 <br/>
Ikusaba Asagi.<br/>
Currently, her influence within 2-C is increasing.<br/>
The greatest reason is probably because she has acquired an inherent skill.<br/>
Asagi is a B-Rank Hero.<br/>
Normally, it was said  that inherent skills could only be acquired by A-Rank Heroes or higher.<br/>
However, Asagi acquired an inherent skill even when she’s B-Rank.<br/>
The Goddess was also happy when she learned about this.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
“I knew from the start that Asagi-san had something special within her. She has the ability to bring all of her friends together.”<br/>
 <br/>
Asagi’s inherent skill is <Queen Bee>. (T/N: Group Enhancement)<br/>
It’s a skill that bestows <Enhanced Ability> to multiple targets.<br/>
 <br/>
It’s a skill that not only strengthens your status after they’ve casted it to you once, it would also gradually increase your overall status up to a certain value.<br/>
 <br/>
When the duration expires, the status increase would turn back to its original value.<br/>
 <br/>
Asagi’s group now has strength in numbers.<br/>
It can be said that this is such a skill that would shine especially when you’re strong in such a way.<br/>
With this, the Asagi group could surpass the others in terms of team battles.<br/>
However, Kirihara’s group isn’t trying to drag her over to their side at all.<br/>
It doesn’t look like Kirihara and the others think well about Asagi.<br/>
It seems like they think it would be dangerous if they get ahold of her.<br/>
Kirihara and the others were vigilant towards Asagi.<br/>
I could see some signs that tell me so.<br/>
She has clearly refused to join Kirihara’s group.<br/>
Even the Goddess has given up hope pulling her over to his side.<br/>
Conversely though, the door to membership is still open for me.<br/>
Of course, I don’t have any intention of joining though…<br/>
 <br/>
Yasu Tomohiro’s group is also getting stronger.<br/>
However, it can’t be denied that this group has just turned into Yasu’s one-man group.<br/>
Only the A-Rank him have become prominent and strong.<br/>
The other Heroes’ level haven’t increased compared to his level.<br/>
It feels like they’re just gradually increasing their levels by pouncing upon Yasu’s leftovers.<br/>
 <br/>
On the other hand, our group is under the management that every experience points would be distributed to everyone as evenly as possible.<br/>
 <br/>
“We should concentrate all the experience points to Sogou Ayaka.”<br/>
 <br/>
Kayako, who has now become our semi-mediator, suggested that first.<br/>
However, I rejected that.<br/>
I know the extent our strength would be if we were to put all resources just to myself.<br/>
It would be better if everyone would gather our strengths and fight together.<br/>
That’s why I rejected her proposal.<br/>
As a result, I improved my level and learned some skills together with my comrades.<br/>
 <br/>
What they’ve learned were Common Skills.<br/>
 <br/>
Basically, common skills were skills that any Hero could learn.<br/>
The common skills were divided into five systems.<br/>
 <br/>
<Attack System><br/>
<Defense System><br/>
<Recovery System><br/>
<Ability Enhancement System><br/>
<Abnormal State System><br/>
 <br/>
You would be able to unlock skill as you level up.<br/>
When unlocked, the skill tree would also change accordingly.<br/>
Some parts of the uncolored tree would begin having their own colors.<br/>
It is said that the higher it is in your tree, the higher the ranking of the skill will be.<br/>
Incidentally, it was said that the skills of the Abnormal State System nowadays were useless.<br/>
Their performance was certainly just as the Goddess said.<br/>
Not just the techniques, even the skills of Heroes in the Abnormal State System were quite obscure.<br/>
 <br/>
And also, the inherent skills have different dispositions compared to common skills.<br/>
There were also some skills within the inherent skill that level up themselves.<br/>
It seems that its level will rise as long as you use them.<br/>
As their levels go up, their abilities would evolve.<br/>
 <br/>
[I wondered what would happen in the beginning, but we’re glad we could be of use to Ayaka-chan with our Defense System and Ability Enhancement skills… It’s just as Ayaka-chan says, isn’t it?]<br/>
 <br/>
Relieved, Minamino Moe said.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If you’re a user of Support System skills, you don’t have to be the vanguard of a team.<br/>
I would only be the one in charge of being the tank and the vanguard.<br/>
The others would be supporting me from behind while they would protect themselves with defensive skills.<br/>
Then, one of our comrades would slay the monster once we’ve driven the monster to its death.<br/>
Currently, this is the fighting style that the Sogou Group is using.<br/>
Everyone is doing well in their roles.<br/>
 <br/>
(However…)<br/>
 <br/>
I displayed my status.<br/>
 <br/>
<Ayaka Sogou><br/>
 <br/>
LV 115<br/>
 <br/>
HP: +1390<br/>
MP: +2878<br/>
Attack: +10983<br/>
Defense: +2256<br/>
Physical Strength: +2313<br/>
Speed: +1574 (+500)<br/>
Wisdom: +1450<br/>
 <br/>
<Title: S-Rank Hero><br/>
 <br/>
My level has considerably increased.<br/>
The Goddess looks like she’s in a hurry to strengthen the Heroes.<br/>
The effect of the strengthening has been steadily appearing.<br/>
If I remember it correctly, Kirihara Takuto was about to break through Lv 200.<br/>
However, everyone’s level-up speed has decreased since we’ve passed through Lv 100.<br/>
The growth of our status’ numerical values have also been visibly slowing down.<br/>
In my case, only my <Attack> have strangely grown quite smoothly but…<br/>
My other status values were evidently showing poor growth.<br/>
I heard something from a boy from Yasu’s group just the other day.<br/>
 <br/>
“When you reached a certain level, your growth would suddenly slow down… It’s kind of designed just like those MMOs huh?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I don’t really know what this “MMO” is.<br/>
I also can’t search for it on the internet because I don’t have a smartphone.<br/>
However, it’s a fact that everyone feels that their growth has become slower.<br/>
It might even be possible that our level and status would reach its peak and we won’t be able to grow anymore.<br/>
 <br/>
(Most of all—)<br/>
 <br/>
I’m more anxious about a certain something.<br/>
I displayed the information of my skills.<br/>
Putting my hand over my mouth, I look towards the display.<br/>
 <br/>
My inherent skill still hasn’t been unlocked yet.<br/>
 <br/>
I’m the only S-Rank who hasn’t unlocked my own inherent skill.<br/>
Even the Takao Sisters who stand from everyone.<br/>
Both of them have already acquired their inherent skills.<br/>
All the A-Rank Heroes have already acquired it.<br/>
Even the B-Rank Asagi have acquired it.<br/>
And yet, only I haven’t acquired my inherent skill yet.<br/>
 <br/>
[Are you worried about your skill?]<br/>
 <br/>
Did she realize that I’m anxious?<br/>
Suou Kayako called out.<br/>
Fixing my expression, I smiled at her.<br/>
 <br/>
[Y- Yes… A bit…]<br/>
 <br/>
The only person in charge of being the vanguard is only me.<br/>
 <br/>
(If I don’t do my best…)<br/>
 <br/>
[However, you have that specialized skill tree, right?]<br/>
[Yes. You’re right.]<br/>
 <br/>
Specialized tree.<br/>
My skill tree is quite specialized.<br/>
There isn’t a single Common Skill listed there.<br/>
Instead, I could acquire specialized combat skills.<br/>
You could even say that my tree is very specialized for combat.<br/>
The reason I could be the vanguard alone is all because of the blessings I received from my specialized tree.<br/>
 <br/>
(However, it can’t be denied that these specialized combat skills were inferior compared to the other Heroes’ inherent skills…)<br/>
 <br/>
I’ve been becoming more impatient to get stronger.<br/>
Death always follows in each of our battles.<br/>
I can’t afford to be leisurely.<br/>
 <br/>
[Thank you for the wait, everyone.]<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess finally arrives.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
