<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[Yer late—]<br/>
 <br/>
A small grumble came out of Oyamada Shougo’s mouth.<br/>
 <br/>
[Please accept my apologies, Oyamada-san.]<br/>
[If Goddess-senpai isn’t a beautiful woman, I’m sure he would have spoken more obscenities~]<br/>
[Ara ara, I guess that’s the advantage of being beautiful~]<br/>
[Well, anyone would be lenient since there’s that line about forgiving beautiful women~]<br/>
 <br/>
The girls in Asagi’s group murmured.<br/>
 <br/>
[You’re the worst…]<br/>
[Shut up.]<br/>
[I guess Oyamada’s win rate with a face like his would be about 7 out of 10 at best.]<br/>
 <br/>
Asagi speculated.<br/>
It seems her own group also had bad thoughts with Kirihara’s group.<br/>
She’s quite skillful in manipulating human nature.<br/>
It’s probably to prevent her own group members from turning over to Kirihara’s group.<br/>
 <br/>
[Wait a minute!? Isn’t that guy too handsome!? I bet he could win 9 out of 10!]<br/>
 <br/>
There’s a four-person group walking behind the goddess.<br/>
Two men and two women.<br/>
I could see a uniformity with the four people’s attire.<br/>
The girls were probably making a ruckus because of the man walking directly behind the Goddess.<br/>
However, they don’t appear to be subordinates of the goddess.<br/>
 <br/>
A gigantic man is following right behind the four-person group.<br/>
He has a patch of beard on his face.<br/>
He looks quite wild.<br/>
However, he looks quite easy going.<br/>
He has a deeply carved face.<br/>
He kind of looks like an actor from an overseas movie.<br/>
 <br/>
The tip of the scabbard of his enormous long sword is being dragged on the ground as he walks.<br/>
 <br/>
There are eight men and women following behind the gigantic man.<br/>
All of them were armed.<br/>
Their atmosphere is a bit different compared to the first five people.<br/>
 <br/>
Following behind all of them is Nyantan.<br/>
 <br/>
With the Goddess in front, they stand in a row behind her.<br/>
 <br/>
[Everyone’s level has surprisingly increased. I’m really happy from the bottom of my heart. First of all, I would like to thank everyone for all your hard work…]<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess gracefully bowed.<br/>
A supple bow.<br/>
After her bow, the Goddess looks back at us.<br/>
 <br/>
[…But as your level goes up, only your “basic ability” would rise. Everyone still doesn’t have the combat skills— that is to say, the “technicalities” of battle. Ah, though I say that…]<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess rephrases her words.<br/>
 <br/>
[Sogou-san has her prided martial arts, right? When she had lost her sanity and tried to assault me, her skills were still engraved into her memory, right? Yes, of course you won’t forget that. And thus, the responsibility of your actions would always follow you around. Even if you had forgotten about it, that doesn’t mean the other person has forgotten about it. You won’t know when and where the influence of your actions may result in, so please be careful with your actions, Heroes♪]<br/>
 <br/>
[Stop getting derailed already—]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Oyamada complained.<br/>
As if she’s filled with sorrow, the Goddess puts her hands over her eyes.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’m sorry… I was just, umm… Sniff… Oyamada-san, that’s exactly what I’m talking about, you know? Violent acts without any regard for others like that, you may end up regretting it someday once you’ve felt the influence of your actions… Uuu… How cruel…]<br/>
 <br/>
[S- Shut up! Oi, you must have a reason to call us here, right!? Stop fooling around and let’s get this over with already!]<br/>
 <br/>
[Shogou.]<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara opens his mouth.<br/>
 <br/>
[Ahh? What the heck is it now, Takuto?]<br/>
 <br/>
[I won’t care even if you bite anyone you see— however, don’t be too wild. You should start getting aware about your inane mannerism.]<br/>
 <br/>
[But, Takuto~!]<br/>
 <br/>
[Even at that time when you confronted Nyantan, I can’t follow-up when you do something like this…]<br/>
 <br/>
[…Tsk! Goddess-senpai, I’m sorry! Please forgive me!]<br/>
 <br/>
Oyamada insincerely apologized.<br/>
As if nothing happened, the Goddess recovers.<br/>
 <br/>
[Just try to act normal, okay? Oyamada-san♪? Now then, for the sake of the impatient Oyamada-san, let’s finish this quickly ♪]<br/>
 <br/>
The people brought by the Goddess steps forward.<br/>
It seems they gathered to train the Heroes.<br/>
It is said that they were summoned from all around various places around this continent.<br/>
The goddess continues her explanation.<br/>
 <br/>
[They said they were called the Four Revered Saints! By the way, is it true that the four of them were siblings!? Is it!?]<br/>
[That means… Agito-san isn’t dating any of the sisters with him, right!?]<br/>
[Kyaaaa!]<br/>
[So, what do you gals think!? Which is better between him and Kirihara-kun!?]<br/>
[They’re too different routes!]<br/>
[I know~!]<br/>
 <br/>
Some of the girls became excited as they sneak glances towards him.<br/>
With that smile still on her face, the Goddess continued explaining.<br/>
If they’re being moderate, she’s surprisingly tolerant about their murmurs.<br/>
On the other hand though, I am quite excited about a different matter.<br/>
 <br/>
(Those Four Revered Saints fellows— all of them were absurdly strong. Even that Banewolf guy who was introduced next is…)<br/>
 <br/>
I could feel something I haven’t felt before.<br/>
Even though they’re just standing there.<br/>
I gulped.<br/>
 <br/>
(Perhaps, I still have some ways to go…)<br/>
 <br/>
[…And with that, these people will be the ones who will train all of you.]<br/>
 <br/>
Going on, the Goddess started allocating their arrangements.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[The Drunken Sword Party would be in charge of Asagi-san’s group, Dragonslayer would be in charge of Yasu-san’s group, Nyantan would be in charge of Takao sisters, and the Four Revered Saints would be in charge of Kirihara-san’s group. Now then, they will be in your care~]<br/>
 <br/>
(………..Eh?)<br/>
 <br/>
Our group hasn’t been called.<br/>
The allocation of those who were in the area is already over.<br/>
If that’s the case… Is it the Goddess herself would be the one in charge of us?<br/>
However, it looks like the Goddess is now going to her next business.<br/>
Raising my hand, I was about to ask my question but—<br/>
 <br/>
[You still haven’t allocated anyone to Sogou Ayaka-san’s group yet.]<br/>
 <br/>
Before I could ask, someone had already ask my question.<br/>
The smiling Goddess tilts her head.<br/>
 <br/>
[Hmm~?]<br/>
 <br/>
The one who asked that question is Takao Hijiri.<br/>
She had that unruffled expression on her face as she raised her hand.<br/>
Her posture is quite beautiful that it wouldn’t be inferior to the Goddess.<br/>
I can’t feel any uneasiness from her.<br/>
It’s as if she’s very resolute.<br/>
A troubled smile appeared on the Goddess’ face.<br/>
 <br/>
[……………Yes, that’s right, isn’t it? That’s right. I’m sorry about that. Ah, what should I do… I really don’t know how to explain this…]<br/>
 <br/>
Apologizing, the Goddess answered.<br/>
 <br/>
[Actually, the Five Dragon Warriors of the Black Dragon Knights were supposed to be the people in charge of Kirihara-san and the others. However, they just suddenly died… That is why we’ve had a lack of teachers for the Heroes. Thereupon, I’m also quite troubled about this but…]<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess places her hand on her white cheek.<br/>
 <br/>
[Umm… Sogo-san, someone who doesn’t fear God has that martial arts… and I thought if you could teach your own group yourself, it would be enough… I don’t actually have that much expectation though. Umm… Or is that no good?]<br/>
 <br/>
[It’s no good.]<br/>
 <br/>
Hijiri flatly refused.<br/>
 <br/>
[Hmm~? Why is that? Could I ask for a logical reason why is it instead of something like your personal sentiments?]<br/>
 <br/>
[Then, I’ll also ask the logical reason why is it that you haven’t found a teacher for them, rather than something like your personal sentiments about her?]<br/>
 <br/>
[Eh~? J- Just now… Did you just return a question with a question? Ordinary people wouldn’t do something as childish like that, you know? Are you alright?]<br/>
 <br/>
[How about you, Goddess-sama? Are you alright?]<br/>
 <br/>
[Ehh~?]<br/>
 <br/>
[Putting aside your true emotions… Is it alright for you to take actions that could earn the distrust of us, an S-Rank and A-Rank sisters?]<br/>
 <br/>
[…………Yes, it was exactly just as Hijiri-san said. I’m sorry, I actually had trusted Sogou-san’s abilities but… I’m sorry for not explaining it enough. Umm… Please don’t think that I had bad intentions with what I said, okay? Hmmm… However, I’m quite troubled… I also can’t just call another one of Vysis’ disciples from another country…]<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess looked at the others.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[Your rewards would still be the same, but you would have to exert twice the effort… Is there someone laudable who could take the trouble of looking after Sogou-san and the others? As I thought, no one would huh…]<br/>
 <br/>
[Then, how about I look after them?]<br/>
 <br/>
[Ara?]<br/>
 <br/>
The one who called out was the man called Banewolf.<br/>
 <br/>
(If I remember it correctly, he was also called as Dragonslayer…)<br/>
 <br/>
He’s the man in charge of Yasu’s group.<br/>
 <br/>
[Bane-san, are you alright?]<br/>
[The girl and the others were also promising Heroes, aren’t they? In that case, we should raise as much as we can to take measures to increase their chances of survival.]<br/>
[I see~]<br/>
 <br/>
Banewolf strokes his beard.<br/>
 <br/>
[Hmm… Or is that you actually don’t want to appoint any teacher for them?]<br/>
[Eh? What did you say?]<br/>
[….No, don’t mind it.  Ah, right. In exchange for taking the trouble of looking after this girl and  the others, I’d like to get at least some fine alcohol as an additional reward…]<br/>
[That’s quite troubling. But if it’s just that, it would still be quite cheap ♪. Now then, I will be preparing the finest alcohol for you.]<br/>
[Fufufu, then I’ll thank you for that…]<br/>
[Ah, is that actually your aim?]<br/>
[Well, I’ll leave the judgement to you.]<br/>
 <br/>
The Dragonslayer is quite easy-going.<br/>
However, I couldn’t read his true emotions.<br/>
 <br/>
[However, could you really train all of them without any problem?]<br/>
 <br/>
[I intend to do as much as my ability can. However, this Dragonslayer who is known for his laziness would take the initiative to say this now. I’ve been thinking whether I’ve been deceived here or it’s actually my good fortune to be here…]<br/>
 <br/>
[………..I understand. Now then, they’ll be in your care.]<br/>
 <br/>
Banewolf scratches his head.<br/>
 <br/>
[Good grief… It would be scary if I’m suddenly silenced by this Goddess-sama…]<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
[There have been some large movements from the Great Demon Emperor’s camp recently.]<br/>
 <br/>
After they settled that scene earlier, the Goddess moved on towards the next topic.<br/>
 <br/>
[In comparison with the previous battles, the number of monsters who gathered near the Knight Wall have been overwhelming. That is why, it’s possible that the next battle with the Great Demon Emperor’s army would be much larger than we had originally expected. And thus—]<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess showed a deeply benevolent smile on her face.<br/>
Spreading her arms wide, she sonorously informed.<br/>
 <br/>
[In the next battle, our Alion’s prided Heroes— that is to say, everyone will be participating in the war. That is why, I ask all of you to brace yourselves and prepare for your next battle.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
