<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
A few days away from Monroy…<br/>
Currently, we’re becoming closer to the Demon Zone.<br/>
We may arrive in the Demon Zone by tomorrow.<br/>
 <br/>
[Welcome back.]<br/>
 <br/>
Washing clothes at a river, Seras looks up.<br/>
Just a while ago, I was shopping in the nearest village.<br/>
Currently, we’re camping lightly inside a forest.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’m sorry, Touka-dono. I’ve left all the resupplying up to you.]<br/>
 <br/>
Basically, I’m in charge of procuring supplies.<br/>
 <br/>
[Well, it’s because my face isn’t identified by anyone. If I just say I’m a traveler, no one would suspect anything.]<br/>
 <br/>
Wringing out the water out of the clothes, Seras smiles.<br/>
 <br/>
[Well, I’m not as good at acting as you.]<br/>
[I’m just good at removing my presence and slipping into crowds.]<br/>
 <br/>
Were-leopards and Dark Elves would surely stand out.<br/>
Seras certainly have that ability to change her appearance.<br/>
However, her beauty would still attract the attention of others.<br/>
Her ability to change her appearance isn’t omnipotent.<br/>
She couldn’t significantly change her appearance.<br/>
She couldn’t alter her age and gender.<br/>
She also couldn’t change the physical features of everything below her head.<br/>
 <br/>
She said that she focuses most of her ability on altering the shape of ears, so she could change the other aspects that much.<br/>
 <br/>
I gave the things I’ve bought to Seras.<br/>
 <br/>
[Once we enter the Demon Zone, you won’t have to use the power of altering your appearance. You should be able to sleep normally without depending on my <Sleep>.]<br/>
 <br/>
It seems that Seras doesn’t have any compensations left that she had to pay.<br/>
If she were to use the power of the spirits, she won’t be able to sleep for a while.<br/>
However, she could sleep if I were to use my <Sleep>.<br/>
If you were to think about cheating, this should be considered one.<br/>
However, the spirits haven’t made any complaints even now.<br/>
 <br/>
[Where’s Eve and Liz?]<br/>
[They’re taking care of the horses over there.]<br/>
 <br/>
Together with Seras, we went towards where the two of them were.<br/>
 <br/>
[You’ve returned, Touka.]<br/>
[Touka-sama, welcome back.]<br/>
 <br/>
It seems that Eve and Liz reached a point where they could pause what they’re doing.<br/>
 <br/>
[Pinniii~♪]<br/>
 <br/>
This time, Pigimaru is house sitting again.<br/>
Pigimaru is currently being held in the embrace of Liz.<br/>
It looks like they’ve become close friends,<br/>
Now then…<br/>
 <br/>
[How about we start eating?]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The sun is about to set and the sky is about to turn dark.<br/>
The weather has been favorable these past few days.<br/>
It was quite sunny today too.<br/>
The temperature is quite moderate and we passed our time peacefully.<br/>
 <br/>
We sat down in a circle.<br/>
Today’s dinner is as follows.<br/>
Broiled meat.<br/>
Some fruits.<br/>
And the main dish, stew.<br/>
We decided to use the ingredients that won’t last long today.<br/>
As for seasoning this stew, I entrusted it to Liz.<br/>
 <br/>
[It would be great if it’s palatable…]<br/>
 <br/>
I sip some of the soup.<br/>
Delicious.<br/>
 <br/>
[I guess I could leave food preparation to Liz from now on.]<br/>
[Ah… Thank you very much.]<br/>
[Pimumuu~♪]<br/>
 <br/>
Apparently, it also suits Pigimaru’s tastes.<br/>
However, it was quite a curious sight for me to see the soup being consumed in his body.<br/>
The color just disappears without mixing into his body.<br/>
Crouching down, Liz gently pets Pigimaru.<br/>
 <br/>
[Fufu… Thank you, Pigimaru-chan…]<br/>
[Pii~♪]<br/>
 <br/>
I called out to Seras who had begun cleaning up with haste.<br/>
 <br/>
[Seras.]<br/>
[Yes.]<br/>
[I’ll clean that up, so help Liz change her clothes.]<br/>
 <br/>
I bought some clothes and equipment for Liz today.<br/>
I can’t rent someone else’s because of the difference in size.<br/>
Liz has been wearing the same clothes until now.<br/>
Most of all, we will soon be entering the Demon Zone.<br/>
Liz can’t just enter into that area unprotected.<br/>
She would need armor to protect herself in case of emergency.<br/>
 <br/>
[Though I said that… This is the only thing that fits Liz’s physique.]<br/>
 <br/>
There are hardly any options I could pick when it comes to armor for children.<br/>
By the way, I simply measured Liz’s size along the way.<br/>
 <br/>
[It seems that some noble from somewhere has made her daughter wear this once, but it ended up being thrown away. It was supposed to be a gift for her, but she didn’t like it.]<br/>
 <br/>
And, he said that noble has just thrown it at the village where he passed  by at that time.<br/>
Seras is closely checking the equipment.<br/>
 <br/>
[It feels like it’s already a complete set of equipment. It looks like it puts heavy emphasis on its appearance, but the protection it gives itself is quite good.]<br/>
 <br/>
This would protect Liz’s body more than the current clothes she’s wearing.<br/>
I looked towards Liz.<br/>
 <br/>
[…Is that armor fine with you, Liz?]<br/>
[O- Of course! Thank you very much, Touka-sama!]<br/>
[…If you don’t like it, you don’t have to force yourself, you know?]<br/>
[T- That’s not the case at all. Rather, Touka-sama had to go out of his way just to buy this clothes for me… I’m actually quite glad.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
She’s too meek…<br/>
 <br/>
[Seras.]<br/>
[What is it?]<br/>
[That complete set of equipment, you could take away some of the parts based on your judgement and replace them with cloth.]<br/>
 <br/>
Seras giggled.<br/>
 <br/>
[Understood.]<br/>
 <br/>
For the me right now, I can’t do anything but bear a grudge towards that noble with a detestable hobby.<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
Our journey to the Demon Zone has been fairly smooth.<br/>
It must be because we were able to travel almost out of the sight of others.<br/>
Before, Eve and Liz said that they have travelled together.<br/>
They’ve also travelled while trying to hide from the eyes of the public.<br/>
That’s why they’re already used to travelling like this.<br/>
Seras Ashrain was a fugitive.<br/>
She also has been keeping her travels hidden from the eyes of the public.<br/>
I’ve also been travelling while hiding my identity.<br/>
The point is that everyone knows how to travel away from the eyes of the public.<br/>
Eve’s ears that could keenly detect sounds.<br/>
Eve’s night vision that gives her visibility even in the dark.<br/>
These two had also played a role in our smooth travel.<br/>
 <br/>
[It’s a bit roundabout, but it seems we’ve finally arrived before the Demon Zone.]<br/>
 <br/>
Eve looked at the distant gentle hill.<br/>
 <br/>
If we were to follow the road and descend down from that hill, we would be able to enter the Demon Zone.<br/>
We’ve made some detours because we’ve been avoiding castles and forts scattered about in the area.<br/>
The people in those castles and forts were the ones hunting monsters that have come out of the Demon Zone.<br/>
There are not many instances of that happening, but there were still some rare chances that monsters would appear.<br/>
Even though that’s the case, they also haven’t covered up the whole area.<br/>
There are also some places where they were scarce.<br/>
Therefore, there are some cases where some monsters get past.<br/>
 <br/>
In fact, we have encountered some golden-eyed monsters before we arrived here.<br/>
 <br/>
Well, I hardly had the chance to make my move though.<br/>
Incidentally, we’ve released the horses in the forest before we arrived in front of the Demon Zone.<br/>
We can’t bring them along in the Demon Zone.<br/>
That was Eve’s decision.<br/>
Currently, we’ve kept our luggages to the bare minimum.<br/>
I stood next to Eve.<br/>
 <br/>
[It looks like a sea of trees.]<br/>
 <br/>
This is the scenery I could see from the top of the hill.<br/>
There was complete darkness spreading out in a forest.<br/>
I couldn’t see the other side of the forest at all.<br/>
There was certainly a curtain of mist in the distant forest but…<br/>
From the scope of the area I could see in, it currently reflects the silence of the Demon Zone.<br/>
 <br/>
[That is?]<br/>
 <br/>
I could see a really large tree in the distance.<br/>
Obviously, it’s the only oddly gigantic tree in the forest.<br/>
 <br/>
[That’s the Corrupted Tree.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Eve answered.<br/>
 <br/>
[Corrupted Tree?]<br/>
[It is said that it was originally a holy tree. Currently, it may have become the symbol of the Demon Zone.]<br/>
[The other name for the Golden Demon Zone was the “Great Ruins, right?]<br/>
[Umu.]<br/>
 <br/>
There used to be a civilization in the past there huh.<br/>
You could say that there were ruins all around the world….<br/>
Did this world already got destroyed once?<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
We decided to take some rest before we entered the Demon Zone.<br/>
We will depart tomorrow morning.<br/>
As expected, we would need to be in tiptop shape.<br/>
After we finished setting up our camp, we took some rest.<br/>
 <br/>
[By the way, Eve, do you remember to find the whereabouts of the Witch?]<br/>
[I don’t.]<br/>
[Hmm? Ah, so you have a map to go there huh.]<br/>
[No, I don’t have such a thing.]<br/>
 <br/>
Wait a minute.<br/>
 <br/>
[———————-]<br/>
 <br/>
No, it would be alright.<br/>
Eve definitely knows where the witch is.<br/>
We’ve confirmed it through Seras’ lie detector.<br/>
 <br/>
[Don’t worry, Touka.]<br/>
 <br/>
Eve stands up.<br/>
Looking down on me, she held out her hand.<br/>
 <br/>
[Stand up. And then, fill it into me.]<br/>
 <br/>
I stand up.<br/>
 <br/>
[What am I going to fill in?]<br/>
[Your magic energy.]<br/>
[In your arm?]<br/>
[To be exact, into my right hand.]<br/>
[…I understand.]<br/>
 <br/>
Eve’s voice is filled with confidence.<br/>
This may be some kind of special way to show the whereabouts of the witch.<br/>
I held unto Eve’s hand.<br/>
Her claws kind of feels like those of a beast.<br/>
However, her hand feels just like normal human skin.<br/>
 <br/>
[Should I really inject magic energy into your hand?]<br/>
[Umu. Just like Elves, us were-leopards weren’t good at kneading magic energy. It takes time for us. But if you’re a human who’s knowledgeable with magic, you should be able to do it quickly.]<br/>
 <br/>
No, I’m not that knowledgeable about magic though.<br/>
However, that’s the case huh…<br/>
I could read the mechanism of how this works.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’m going to start.]<br/>
[Umu.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I started injecting my magic energy.<br/>
I remembered that time.<br/>
That door in the Disposal Ruins that opens and closes when I injected my magic energy.<br/>
My hand started to shine in a bluish-white hue.<br/>
The faint light started moving into Eve’s palm.<br/>
 <br/>
[Nhnn… Mhmm… The feeling of being injected with magic energy feels strange…]<br/>
[Oh?]<br/>
 <br/>
From Eve’s palm, an emblem started floating out into midair.<br/>
It started floating until it hovered in front of my eyes.<br/>
It looks like a holographic image.<br/>
There’s also that.<br/>
It kind of feels similar to the Status display…<br/>
Seras and Liz’s mouth were wide open.<br/>
Even Pigimaru looks quite impressed…<br/>
 <br/>
[Pumii~]<br/>
 <br/>
–as he cried out.<br/>
The emblem’s shape started changing.<br/>
 <br/>
[This… looks like a simple map, doesn’t it?]<br/>
 <br/>
That’s the first thing I thought it resembles.<br/>
 <br/>
[Umu. This glowing green dot over here is probably our location.]<br/>
 <br/>
I could also see another glowing dot on the map.<br/>
It’s situated north of the green dot.<br/>
 <br/>
[That is to say, this red dot in the north is—]<br/>
[It’s probably where the Witch of Taboos is. My father told me that.]<br/>
[I see, so that’s how it works huh…]<br/>
[It’s because we can’t make a map of the Demon Zone. But with this, we just need to move knowing that we would make these two glowing dots closer to each other.]<br/>
[Is it the witch that taught him how to make this emblem that turned into a map?]<br/>
[That’s what I heard.]<br/>
[Hmm? Does that mean you’ve never met the witch?]<br/>
[I haven’t.]<br/>
 <br/>
I heard that the inheritance of this emblem has been restricted.<br/>
It was only inherited by the tribe chiefs and their children.<br/>
Eve explained so.<br/>
Then, Eve must be the daughter of a tribal chief huh…<br/>
 <br/>
Well, I won’t intrude into topics like that.<br/>
The whereabouts of the Witch of Taboos.<br/>
That means the path we have to venture has become clear.<br/>
That’s enough for now.<br/>
 <br/>
Although we’re still resting right now, the Forbidden Curses are steadily getting closer to my grasp.<br/>
 <br/>
[Alright, we’ll be taking some rest today.]<br/>
 <br/>
I turn my back on the Demon Zone.<br/>
 <br/>
[And tomorrow, we would finally enter the Demon Zone.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
