<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<Sogou Ayaka POV><br/>
 <br/>
Alion.<br/>
In the training grounds in the royal castle.<br/>
The Heroes were being trained by the teachers assigned to them.<br/>
 <br/>
Klang!<br/>
 <br/>
A loud sound rang out as I blocked Banewolf’s sword.<br/>
The heavy impact ran through my body as I clashed against him with my spear.<br/>
However, It’s probably thanks to the status correction.<br/>
We haven’t been overwhelmed even when we’re fighting against a large opponent.<br/>
 <br/>
(However, the crucial moment is here…! It’s not always the right choice to do a frontal attack. I must anticipate each of his next moves—)<br/>
 <br/>
Thud!<br/>
 <br/>
[Kyaahh!?]<br/>
 <br/>
I strongly fell on my backside.<br/>
 <br/>
(A foot sweep!? However, he was just—)<br/>
 <br/>
I looked behind me.<br/>
Kayaka Suou is standing behind me.<br/>
She looked awkward.<br/>
A look that I don’t often see.<br/>
A face that— looks kind of guilty.<br/>
Banewolf taps his practice sword on his shoulder.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’m glad that you’re able to anticipate my foot sweep, but have you never expected that Suou-chan is standing behind you?]<br/>
 <br/>
Kayako bows down towards me.<br/>
 <br/>
[…I’m sorry.]<br/>
 <br/>
Banewolf laughed.<br/>
 <br/>
[Hahaha, you did it according to my instructions, so Suou-chan don’t have to apologize~]<br/>
 <br/>
He held out his hand.<br/>
Seeing that, I grasp unto his outstretched hand.<br/>
Then, he pulled me up and helped me stand.<br/>
 <br/>
[…Throw away the assumption that something’s unlikely to happen, is what you’re trying to say <br/>
huh?]<br/>
 <br/>
My comrade, Suou Kayako would never just sweep my feet.<br/>
It’s unlikely that she would do that.<br/>
 <br/>
However, is that absolutely true?<br/>
 <br/>
I should be able to think about it whether it’s really just an assumption or not.<br/>
That’s what the Dragonslayer is trying to teach me.<br/>
 <br/>
[Oh? So, you’ve understood what I’m trying to say without even saying it? Geez, Sogou-chan seems to be a really talented woman…]<br/>
 <br/>
Banewolf looked impressed.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
He then grabs the bottle of alcohol on the table.<br/>
 <br/>
[Phew, my throat’s parched.]<br/>
[I don’t know if it’s because you’re already used to moving around your body…]<br/>
 <br/>
I bitterly remarked.<br/>
Ignoring me, Banewolf brings the alcohol into his mouth.<br/>
 <br/>
[Sogou-chan had quite the mannerism, didn’t you? You’re just like that nagging Knight Leader-sama.]<br/>
[…Is Banewolf-san a member of the Magic Knights?]<br/>
[Just call me Bane. My name’s quite long, isn’t it?]<br/>
[Then, is Bane-san—]<br/>
[I’m just a knight only in name. For Urza, what’s important is the fact that I “belong to Urza’s knights”.]<br/>
 <br/>
Banewolf gulps down his fine alcohol.<br/>
 <br/>
[The Magister King is just a proud coward, but it’s thanks to that temperament of his that I could carefreely live in the royal castle. Well, I would still carry out my “duty” at times like this. At times that I need to do something, I would show everyone what I could do.]<br/>
 <br/>
Banewolf turned towards my group’s members.<br/>
 <br/>
[Now then, let’s move on from the individual combat techniques to the organized group battles. I’ve already heard about your group’s plan. It’s a tactic assembled where the S-Rank Sogou-chan works as the axis of your group, right?]<br/>
 <br/>
My whole group points their swords towards Banewolf.<br/>
 <br/>
[Well then, let’s start.]<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
After we had some break from our training, I thought of enquiring Banewolf.<br/>
 <br/>
[Umm, can I ask why?]<br/>
 <br/>
[Hmm?]<br/>
 <br/>
He’s using a cloth to wipe the sweat off his body with both of his hands.<br/>
I glanced towards Kayako and the others.<br/>
 <br/>
[Why did Bane-san step forward and decided to look after our group?]<br/>
 <br/>
[Well, there’s nothing complicated about it. I just purely wanted all of you to survive. It would be quite troubling if you lot, the trump cards against the Great Demon Emperor were just to die. If the Heroes-sama from Another World weren’t able to bring down the Great Demon Emperor, it’s <br/>
possible that my precious life of self-indulgence would disappear.]<br/>
 <br/>
He’s trying to say that he’s also doing it for himself.<br/>
 <br/>
[They wouldn’t have been able to summon me if that Great Demon Emperor hadn’t appeared. Geez, the burden from the Root of All Evil-sama is really troublesome.]<br/>
 <br/>
Banewolf began gently stroking his beard.<br/>
 <br/>
[Well, It seems the goddess was also displeased when I stepped forward. No matter whether it’s because of you or her, I think she’s trying to ostracize Sogou-chan and  the others for some reason. Well— That Goddess-sama is quite a cunning opponent. However—]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I turned to where his glance was pointed.<br/>
Yasu’s group.<br/>
Yasu Tomohiro is sitting cross-legged on a chair as he’s looking away from us.<br/>
Standing in the vicinity were the members of Yasu’s group.<br/>
 <br/>
[They must also learn even the lowest level of my training…]<br/>
 <br/>
It was back on the first day of training.<br/>
Banewolf wanted a handshake from Yasu.<br/>
However, Yasu brushed away his hand.<br/>
 <br/>
“First, you b*stard need to change that attitude of yours that thinks you’re higher than me! Are you underestimating this “Black Flames Hero”!? Dragonslayer, you say!? How foolish! This me doesn’t need help from b*stards like you! Of course, that’s also the same case for my own group! You need to firmly etch that into your head, understand!?”<br/>
 <br/>
I’ll say it again, Yasu brushed him away.<br/>
 <br/>
[You’re annoying!]<br/>
 <br/>
Scratching his head, Banewolf wryly smiled.<br/>
 <br/>
[Well— I don’t really have the intention of looking down on you. However, I’m not really good at things like etiquette… My attitude had also been noted even back in the royal castle. Well, I would make sure that I’d try speaking in a humbler attitude…]<br/>
 <br/>
There’s no sign that he’s offended from Yasu’s words.<br/>
I can’t help but think that he must be quite an adult.<br/>
 <br/>
(Moreover, I’m sure that I could learn many things from this man…)<br/>
 <br/>
Kisouryu is an ancient martial art that assumes actual combat.<br/>
However, just knowing this “style” isn’t enough.<br/>
After fighting against the monsters in the ruins, I had fully realized it.<br/>
Actual combat is different from training.<br/>
And, Banewolf seems to have a wealth of experience in combat.<br/>
It’s not like those “experience points” that Heroes need to level-up.<br/>
It’s actual battle experience that has been cultivated from several battles.<br/>
In other words, it’s the skills necessary to survive.<br/>
This may be what the Goddess had meant when she mentioned “technique” earlier.<br/>
I looked towards my comrades who were wiping off their sweat.<br/>
 <br/>
(I’ll absolutely make sure… that everyone survives…)<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
The training grounds for the Heroes were divided into two parts.<br/>
The two training grounds were separated by walls in between.<br/>
 <br/>
Currently, there are three groups on this side of the training grounds.<br/>
 <br/>
My, Sogou Ayaka’s group.<br/>
Yasu Tomohiro’s group.<br/>
Kirihara Takuto’s group.<br/>
 <br/>
The other two groups were on the training center next door.<br/>
Ikusaba Asagi’s group.<br/>
And lastly, the Takao sisters.<br/>
 <br/>
(I think they had intentionally separated us this way.)<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara and the others don’t think well of Asagi.<br/>
They don’t show any signs that they’d be getting along anytime soon.<br/>
Troubles may occur if these two groups were placed on the same training grounds.<br/>
Therefore, I understood why they separated these two groups.<br/>
However, the Takao sisters were—<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(It seems the Goddess isn’t pleased with my closeness with them…?)<br/>
 <br/>
Last time, Hijiri spoke against the Goddess.<br/>
Sogou Ayaka and Takao Hijiri.<br/>
She may not want to put two people that disagree with her into the same place.<br/>
As expected, that must be the Goddess’ intention huh…<br/>
 <br/>
(Since that incident, the way Kirihara-kun and the others looked at Hijiri-san changed a bit…)<br/>
 <br/>
In one corner of the training hall, I could feel some kind of disturbing atmosphere surrounding Kirihara and the others.<br/>
 <br/>
Well, that’s not the first time that happened.<br/>
Even back in the first day of training, they never had a calm atmosphere around them.<br/>
 <br/>
△<br/>
 <br/>
On the first day of training, the eldest son of the Four Revered Saints spoke to Kirihara Takuto.<br/>
 <br/>
[Once again, I’m Agito of the Four Revered Saints. You’re the one who manages this group, right? I will be in your care.]<br/>
 <br/>
Agito stood in front of Kirihara.<br/>
Kirihara is sitting on a bench placed in the training grounds.<br/>
His legs were wide open.<br/>
For some reason, he had a regal air around him.<br/>
Standing beside him is Oyamada Shogou.<br/>
Behind him were the rest of Kirihara’s group.<br/>
With the tip of the sheath of his katana pierced into the ground, Kirihara asked.<br/>
 <br/>
[Are you strong?]<br/>
[What do you think?]<br/>
[Are you better than that Five Dragon Warriors?]<br/>
[I’ve never fought with them, so I wouldn’t know.]<br/>
 <br/>
Agito looked down on him with a gentle smile on his face.<br/>
He glared up at him.<br/>
 <br/>
[You better think and be conscious of it.]<br/>
[Hmm? What do you mean?]<br/>
[Eventually, the one looking up will be all of you.]<br/>
[Looking up…?]<br/>
 <br/>
The meaning of Kirihara’s words.<br/>
Agito didn’t understand it.<br/>
Looking down, Kirihara lets out a sigh of astonishment.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’ve heard that story about the Lineage of Heroes. You all were the same, right?]<br/>
[Well, yeah.]<br/>
[When all is said and done, you all were just degraded heroes.]<br/>
 <br/>
Agito snorted.<br/>
 <br/>
[Wow, you have quite the guts to tell me something like that.]<br/>
[You better think and be conscious of it… I should have said that earlier to you already, didn’t I? I don’t think it’s bad to say absolute facts— I’ll be surpassing all of you in the future.]<br/>
 <br/>
Agito turned to his siblings.<br/>
The eldest daughter just shrugs.<br/>
Kirihara places his sword to his side.<br/>
Next, he made a gesture of flicking the space in front of him with his index finger.<br/>
Turning back to Kirihara, Agito smiles.<br/>
 <br/>
[What does your gesture just now mean?]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[There’s an invisible “wall” existing in front of you all. That’s the “wall” of growth… In other words, it’s the peak where all of your growth would cease… However—]<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara holds out his hand.<br/>
 <br/>
[<Dragonic Buster>]<br/>
 <br/>
At the same time that the sound of impact rang out, a golden beam flashed past the Four Revered Saints.<br/>
Wind pressure gushed forth.<br/>
The wind fluttered the Four Revered Saints’ hair.<br/>
The beam slowly disappeared in front of the wall in the training grounds.<br/>
Kirihara’s unique skill is now Lv3.<br/>
He could now adjust the range and power of his skill.<br/>
Therefore, he could intentionally make the beam disappear before it hits the wall.<br/>
With his hand still held out, Kirihara spoke.<br/>
 <br/>
[Currently, This most superior S-Rank me has grown more than enough to smash that wall… Even though you lot were just deteriorations, you should be able to understand me, right?]<br/>
[I see.]<br/>
 <br/>
Agito looks like he understood.<br/>
 <br/>
[So what you’re saying, Kirihara, is that the heroes from Another World were better, is it? Bu, you know—]<br/>
 <br/>
Whoosh—<br/>
 <br/>
At that moment, the place stiffened.<br/>
 <br/>
The one who broke the silence is Oyamada.<br/>
 <br/>
[—Ah? B- B*stard… When did you get there…!? Haaah!? This must be a declaration of war, right!? Take this!]<br/>
 <br/>
Against Kirihara’s throat, there’s a very sharp blade threatening to slit his neck off.<br/>
The blade is from Agito’s sword.<br/>
Agito has a thin smile on his face.<br/>
It’s just a smile only in shape.<br/>
He completely ignored the barking Oyamada and brought his face closer towards Kirihara’s nose.<br/>
 <br/>
[If there’s such a difference between our strengths, where do you think that attitude of your will get  you?]<br/>
[……………………..]<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara became silent.<br/>
Despite being surprised, I couldn’t see any change in his facial expression.<br/>
Currently, his gaze has finally focused on Agito.<br/>
 <br/>
[Flaunting your measly power is totally disgusting… Are you sane? You’re just one step away from turning into dust, you know? You’d quickly degrade before it’s even your time. Do you even understand that?]<br/>
 <br/>
And, Agito responded with something unexpected.<br/>
 <br/>
[Heeehh… You have quite the courage on you huh. I think I’m going to enjoy training you more than I thought.]<br/>
 <br/>
Agito put away his sword and stood up.<br/>
 <br/>
[You pass, Takuto Kirihara.]<br/>
[Are you that desperate to not admit your degradation?]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Agito looked really happy right now.<br/>
 <br/>
[Kirihara, you’re really amusing.]<br/>
 <br/>
I, who was just expectating the events earlier, became excited from the bottom of my heart.<br/>
 <br/>
(That movement just now… I couldn’t even see the moment he pulled out his sword…)<br/>
 <br/>
Agito’s blade draw who can’t be caught by my eyes.<br/>
We have status correction for ourselves.<br/>
However, these numbers still couldn’t keep up with them.<br/>
Nevertheless, the atmosphere around the place has somehow regained its calm.<br/>
However…<br/>
 <br/>
[Your brats seems to have quite a considerably insolent attitude, huh?]<br/>
 <br/>
The eldest daughter of Four Revered Saints kept the flames of conflict going.<br/>
Her name is Abyss Angoon.<br/>
Her black hair is ponytailed.<br/>
She has wavy hair.<br/>
She was taller than her brother Agito.<br/>
Agito is more slender than her in physique.<br/>
She’s a person with quite a strong presence.<br/>
Just like the eldest son, her facial features were beautiful.<br/>
However, her unique feature is the danger that her aura has been emitting.<br/>
It’s just like the saying where the most beautiful flowers have thorns.<br/>
Also, her large chests were almost visible to everyone because of the clothes she’s wearing.<br/>
Everytime she walks, those breasts that look like they would spill out would shake.<br/>
The eyes of the boys were fixed on them.<br/>
I’m not that good when it comes to such clothing.<br/>
It’s impossible for me.<br/>
 <br/>
[Ki-ri-ha-ra~]<br/>
 <br/>
Abyss steps forward.<br/>
 <br/>
[You b*stard, you mentioned something about flaunting your measly power… Isn’t it you b*stard who was thoughtlessly flaunting your power, am-I-right~?]<br/>
 <br/>
Baring her teeth, Abyss asks.<br/>
 <br/>
Snap.<br/>
 <br/>
As if he finds her troublesome, Kirihara clicks his tongue.<br/>
 <br/>
[I haven’t thoughtlessly…]<br/>
[Oi oi ooiii~!? Don’t you ignore me and act all familiar with Takuto, okay? Don’t talk like that, you big-boobed woman~!]<br/>
 <br/>
In front of Abyss, Oyamada blocked her way.<br/>
 <br/>
[We’re the top ranking heroes here, get it? I don’t know what the f*ck this Four Revered Saints are, but you should know how to act. Understand? Is the only thing that’s large your chest?]<br/>
 <br/>
Is he pushing her back knowing that Kirihara is in his back, unperturbed by everything that has been happening?<br/>
Oyamada has been becoming more and more confident with himself.<br/>
 <br/>
[Am I wrong with my impression of you? After we kill the Great Demon Emperor and get successful in our life, do you think you could still tease us like that~? Haahh~?]<br/>
 <br/>
Munyuu, munniii, funyyuuu<br/>
 <br/>
Oyamada poked Abyss’ chest with his finger.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
However, Abyss doesn’t look like she’s perturbed at all.<br/>
On the contrary, she showed her teeth as she villainously smiled at him.<br/>
Abyss grasps Oyamada’s finger and immediately—<br/>
 <br/>
Crack!<br/>
 <br/>
—breaks Oyamada’s index finger.<br/>
 <br/>
[Gyyyaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh—-!]<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
[You think b*stards like you can still act like a brat, Oyamada~?]<br/>
 <br/>
Abyss called out to Oyamada.<br/>
There was a stupid smile on her face.<br/>
 <br/>
[…Shut up, I’ll kill you.]<br/>
[B*stard, you easily say “kill” too much that it isn’t scary at all.]<br/>
[Ahh~? If you get closer any further, I’ll use my inherent skill—-]<br/>
[Hmm? You want everyone to see your unsightliness yet again?]<br/>
[Guh…]<br/>
 <br/>
A few days ago, it was right after his finger was broken by her.<br/>
Oyamada used his inherent skill towards Abyss.<br/>
All his attacks were avoided.<br/>
At that time, Oyamada’s fingers were still broken.<br/>
Incidentally, the Goddess who knew about this matter just smiled and said…<br/>
 <br/>
“It can’t be helped~”<br/>
 <br/>
Therefore, it looks like she tolerates that aforementioned incident about breaking his finger.<br/>
She must have thought that this was also part of the training huh.<br/>
 <br/>
[Are you mad, woman? You b*tch, soon! I’ll make sure that you’ll be the one crying!]<br/>
[Hah-? In that case, how about we break another one?]<br/>
[G- Guhhh….!]<br/>
 <br/>
Oyamada doesn’t speak out anything in response.<br/>
No, he can’t.<br/>
The difference between their abilities was obvious.<br/>
The Four Revered Saints were strong— overwhelmingly strong.<br/>
On the other hand, Kirihara was obediently training with Agito.<br/>
 <br/>
[You seem to be smarter than that Oyamada, Kirihara.]<br/>
 <br/>
[I will use everything in my disposal… and eat every food that I can see. However, that doesn’t mean that I’ve forgiven your unthinkable behaviour. Eventually, the day that I will reform all of you will come… You need to keep that in mind.]<br/>
 <br/>
[I really won’t get bored with people like you and Oyamada around~]<br/>
 <br/>
At that time, the door of the training hall suddenly opened.<br/>
 <br/>
(That is…)<br/>
 <br/>
Asagi’s group.<br/>
Takao sisters.<br/>
Drunken Sword Team.<br/>
Nyantan.<br/>
 <br/>
[It’s not perfect as for the moment , but it seems that the training has been progressing well~ . To all of you, thank you very much.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
And the Goddess, Vysis.<br/>
 <br/>
[As long as you cleared all of the conditions I’ve set, of course, I will leave the training method all up to you. It’s fine if you can’t make something like a plan, but the most important thing is the result. As long as you produce results, I won’t have any complaints. This Goddess Vysis is someone who respects and is open-minded with your freedom.]<br/>
 <br/>
[So what’s the matter, Vysis?]<br/>
 <br/>
Agito asked.<br/>
The Goddess even brought along the Heroes from the training hall next door.<br/>
She may have something important to say.<br/>
That would usually be the case.<br/>
 <br/>
[Currently, the Heroes were in a hurry to learn combat skills but… everyone would still need to keep increasing their levels.]<br/>
 <br/>
Putting her hand on her cheek, the Goddess sighs.<br/>
 <br/>
[However, everyone has already turned over the ruins around Alion… and almost all of the Golden-eyed monsters we’ve caught have already been killed. Even I, as a Goddess, would be troubled.]<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara points his katana towards the Goddess.<br/>
 <br/>
[Then we would finally visit the ruins in the other countries huh.]<br/>
 <br/>
[Unfortunately, as the Great Demon Emperor’s army has recently become more active, we have no time to carefreely move around the other countries. Therefore, we would depart tomorrow—]<br/>
 <br/>
Putting her hands together, the Goddess smiles.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’m thinking of making all of you enter the Golden Demon Zone.]<br/>
 <br/>
========================================================================<br/>
 <br/>
<Author’s Notes><br/>
 <br/>
Is this enough of a prologue for Volume 4?<br/>
 <br/>
The chapter this time is slightly longer (sweat  drops). It seems that the Goddess is ready for the upcoming battle.<br/>
 <br/>
In addition, I would like to thank those who gave me impressions, bookmarks, and evaluations during the past three volumes on this occasion. Thank you for the many words of blessing to the publication report. Also, let’s consider the description of the chapters in the table of contents.<br/>
 <br/>
The next chapter will return to Touka’s point of view.<br/>
 <br/>
However, it seems difficult to update tomorrow …. I’m sorry, we’re planning to update Volume 4, 17:00 June 11 tomorrow. For the update frequency after volume 4, episode 1, I will try updating once every three days. I want to judge whether I can go once and then decide the update interval.<br/>
 <br/>
Volume 4 will start with such a commotion, but I would like to do my best to complete volume 4 somehow. Thank you in the future.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
