<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
We were now inside the Golden Demon Zone.<br/>
Looking from the outside, you would think that the Demon Zone is a huge woodland.<br/>
Even after we went inside, there were mostly trees and shrubs surrounding us.<br/>
Because it was still in the morning, the wind stroking our skin was quite cool.<br/>
You could feel freshness in the air.<br/>
There was a strong scent of vegetation around the area.<br/>
From time to time, I could hear a roar from something from a distance.<br/>
Are those from monsters?<br/>
I used my hand to somewhat cover my eyes from directly looking at the sun as I look up in the sky.<br/>
I could see the sky in between the branches and leaves of the surrounding trees.<br/>
We still haven’t entered the Demon Zone.<br/>
The place we were in now wasn’t that deep into the forest yet.<br/>
Currently, it still feels like we’re just comfortably walking through the woods.<br/>
Leading our advance as she watched around the area, Eve said.<br/>
[I haven’t felt the presence of any monster yet.]<br/>
Yes, there weren’t any presence of monsters nearby.<br/>
It’s not really zero but the presence that we’ve felt was still far away.<br/>
The vanguard of our formation is Eve.<br/>
Following next is me and Pigimaru.<br/>
Liz is directly following behind me and Seras would be holding our rear.<br/>
[Have you and Liz entered the Demon Zone before?]<br/>
[Umu… I haven’t held that much with me that time, so I could run away from the monsters.]<br/>
Even though it’s just for a short time, she still have some experience spending some time inside the Demon Zone.<br/>
This could be really advantageous for us.<br/>
[We only have some knowledge of the place we have reached, however we also know of springs where we could obtain some drinking water. There’s also the hidden antique buildings that were scattered around the area. Those buildings were also the reason why this place was called the Great Ruins.]<br/>
[What about food?]<br/>
[Most of the flesh of the Golden-eyed monsters contain toxins. Moreover, we really couldn’t tell whether each type of those monsters had toxins or not. The troublesome part is that… Most people wouldn’t know if there’s a toxin within its flesh until they’ve eaten it and injested into their body.]<br/>
If you are knowledgeable about it, you could tell if a mushroom is poisonous with just a glance.<br/>
However, it seems different when it comes to Golden-eye monsters.<br/>
You won’t know until you’ve tried it.<br/>
It seems that you can’t determine it through their odor either.<br/>
Even if we assume that’s the case, I doubt you could eat something like that unless you’re really starving that much.<br/>
At that time back in the Disposal Ruins, it was really impossible because their bodies were filled with acid…<br/>
[Contrary to what you might expect though, none of the fruits and mushrooms were safe to eat. Well, I don’t know about those ones you could find deep inside the Demon Zone though.]<br/>
[Well, we should be able to solve the food problem in one way or another.]<br/>
We have the leather bags that I’ve mentioned before.<br/>
First of all, there is no difficulty for us carrying these leather bags.<br/>
Basically, we don’t have to worry about preservation and storage of our food.<br/>
We’re also clear on whether these foods were safe to eat or not.<br/>
In places like this, this is an item that makes a big difference whether it exists or not.<br/>
[In that case, the biggest factor why Eve and Liz ran away from this place was—]<br/>
[Of course, it would be the monsters.]<br/>
As expected, their biggest bottleneck is that.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
However, if you put it in another way—<br/>
As long as we could defeat the monsters, we could head deeper without any probles.<br/>
I looked behind me.<br/>
[Are you alright, Liz?]<br/>
Liz is walking while carrying a large backpack.<br/>
She had the most luggage among us four.<br/>
[I’m alright, Touka-sama.]<br/>
[You don’t have to hesitate and just tell us if you’re tired, okay?]<br/>
[Yes.]<br/>
I want to carry as much luggage as I can.<br/>
That is what Liz requested me before we entered the Demon Zone.<br/>
At that time when she told me that…<br/>
“I would like to respect Liz’s will.”<br/>
Eve’s words blocked Seras and my words.<br/>
“The less luggage Touka-sama and everyone have, the more chances that I will survive. I couldn’t help at all when it comes to fighting. Therefore, if Touka-sama and everyone were able to move nimbly… It would also make me safer.”<br/>
Logically speaking, she’s not mistaken.<br/>
[Liz.]<br/>
[Yes.]<br/>
[You’re already a legitimate member of this Mercenary Corps.]<br/>
[Ah—]<br/>
Liz’s face shone in delight.<br/>
[Y- Yes!]<br/>
It would be difficult to bring a horse into the Demon Zone.<br/>
Even the experienced Eve said so.<br/>
We would end up getting easier to detect by the demons.<br/>
It’s probably because they’re in this kind of place that the horses wouldn’t be able to calm down because of stress.<br/>
In that case, we should just bring our luggages on our own.<br/>
[Aren’t you scared?]<br/>
[I- I’m alright. Thank you for your concern.]<br/>
[…………….]<br/>
I could see some nervousness from her.<br/>
However, she doesn’t seem to be that frightened.<br/>
IIs it because she has already entered the Demon Zone together with Eve once?<br/>
Or perhaps…<br/>
Looking downwards, Liz spoke.<br/>
[I- It might sound strange but… if I were asked, compared to that time when I was in the Demon Zone together with Big Sister… I was more scared back when I was in the White Coin.]<br/>
Liz’s eyes softened.<br/>
[As long as I could be together with Big Sister… it would be where my happiness is, wherever that may be…]<br/>
[My bad, Liz.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Still looking at the front, Eve apologized.<br/>
[It’s because of my stupidity that…]<br/>
[When it comes to people like those guys, they would eventually know about you two even you try hiding.]<br/>
In Liz’s case, it seems that she haven’t received any external wounds.<br/>
I’ve also asked Seras to check back when she helped her change her clothes.<br/>
It seems that they have only mentally cornered her.<br/>
Liz herself is the type that endures all hardships she received.<br/>
She must have been really cheerful whenever she meets Eve.<br/>
Therefore, it could even be said that Liz’s kindness is one of the results from that tragedy she received.<br/>
[……………..]<br/>
Sh*t.<br/>
Knowing that her kindness is the result of that tragedy, I feel sh*tty within my heart.<br/>
That’s good.<br/>
It was good that I’ve made that proprietress suffer before I got rid of her.<br/>
That proprietress who deeply hurt Liz’s heart.<br/>
Even if I were criticized because my methods were wrong.<br/>
Even if I were cursed because of my selfishness.<br/>
If she had just peacefully lived in Monroy without meeting that d*mned woman, I wouldn’t have been able to understand her feelings.<br/>
That’s why— I don’t regret sending that b*tch to hell.<br/>
[It would also be bad if you worry too much, Eve.]<br/>
[Mhmm…]<br/>
[Most of all, Liz’s existence itself has been helping us. We are here in this place now because you have chosen to escape with us from Monroy. You have made that decision. That much is enough for me already.]<br/>
As if she had given up, Eve let out a sigh.<br/>
[I really can’t match you.]<br/>
▽<br/>
We stopped for a moment.<br/>
I then injected magic energy into Eve’s arm.<br/>
The map from before came out again.<br/>
The distance between the two glowing dots has become closer than before.<br/>
[It seems that we’re finally approaching our destination.]<br/>
The neighboring Seras squeezed herself closer and peeked at the map.<br/>
[However, I don’t know if we could just go straight towards that place from here…]<br/>
[Even though that’s a map, it doesn’t really show the details about the terrain here.]<br/>
Moving away from Seras’ shoulders, I looked across the forest.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[Depending on the terrain, we may have to go through around just to arrive there…]<br/>
Seras is about to say something.<br/>
However, I immediately closed Seras’ mouth.<br/>
[Nhnn…?]<br/>
Seras looked confused.<br/>
My eyes matched with Eve.<br/>
Eve silently nodded and pulled out her sword.<br/>
As expected, Eve noticed it too huh.<br/>
Through eye contact, I told her.<br/>
“Just as we planned.”<br/>
Eve nods again.<br/>
She’s prepared to attack as she gazed through the thickets.<br/>
It seems Seras and Liz noticed that something must have happened.<br/>
The two of them lowered their postures.<br/>
[——————-]<br/>
The presence of monsters.<br/>
I held out my hand towards the direction where I’ve felt its presence.<br/>
It appears that we’ve finally encountered our first monster in the Demon Zone.<br/>
The edge of my lips spontaneously distorted.<br/>
Whatever the monsters in the Demon Zone could be…<br/>
[……………….]<br/>
Now then, come.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
