<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[Touka, instructions—]<br/>
[You should step back this time.]<br/>
[…Acknowledged.]<br/>
Without any questions, Eve stepped back.<br/>
Eve said so herself, that she couldn’t win against it.<br/>
An opponent that the strongest Blood Champion couldn’t win with a fair fight.<br/>
Well, she could request to act as a decoy that would distract the attention of the enemy.<br/>
However, she may get injured in the process.<br/>
She may even get seriously injured for doing something unnecessary.<br/>
I want to avoid a situation like that.<br/>
Eve’s special characteristics aren’t something that could be easily replaced.<br/>
Night vision.<br/>
Sensor-like hearing.<br/>
I don’t want these two to end up becoming useless as a result of making them decoy.<br/>
There is no time for me to prepare the combination technique with Pigimaru before the monster arrives.<br/>
I hide behind the trunk of a tree and check out the situation.<br/>
The creaking noises began steadily approaching our direction as trees fell one after another.<br/>
It has a large body that can’t weave its way between the trees.<br/>
That thing’s already in a distance where I could see it.<br/>
It’s a gigantic slug.<br/>
The base of the monster reminds me of that.<br/>
There were two golden eyes on top of its head.<br/>
Those eyes remind me of the compounded eyes of dragonflies.<br/>
Even the mouth between its two eyes also looks like the mouth of a dragonfly.<br/>
Also, there are multiple things growing out from its back.<br/>
Those things kind of resemble an elephant’s nose.<br/>
Furthermore, there were humanoid arms growing out from both sides of its body.<br/>
The blood vessels were bulging out of its thick, muscular arms.<br/>
And, there was its really large frame.<br/>
Speaking of its size alone, it slightly exceeds the size of the Soul Eater.<br/>
Elephant Slug.<br/>
There were two of them.<br/>
Are those the Human-Faced?<br/>
[…………….]<br/>
No, they weren’t.<br/>
Human-Faced should have more “human”-like faces.<br/>
Along the way, Seras had told me about them.<br/>
The Soul Eater was certainly under this category, however those two weren’t.<br/>
[Nuuuuuuooohhh! Booooooorrroooorrrrooooooooooonnnn!]<br/>
A bizarre shrill roar shook the air.<br/>
Something that I guess would be some kind of birds flew away from the source of the sounds.<br/>
Perhaps, they sensed the presence of the Elephant Slugs and ran away.<br/>
Even so…<br/>
[I see.]<br/>
For a moment, the feeling of delight exceeded the calmness I’ve been trying to hold on to.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[So, it’s you bastards.]<br/>
Dondondondondondondon——!<br/>
With the earth trembling in each of their steps, the Elephant Slugs reduced the distance between us without pause.<br/>
Even though that thing looks like a slug, its speed doesn’t look like a slug at all.<br/>
Its undulating explosive speed…<br/>
It doesn’t really fit the slow image of slugs.<br/>
It’s honestly kind of creepy.<br/>
Hmm?<br/>
Ah, I see.<br/>
So, they could use those arms as support when they want to change directions huh.<br/>
The head of the elephant was swinging left to right.<br/>
[…………………..]<br/>
Perhaps, they were looking for me and Eve.<br/>
I could feel it.<br/>
It’s great delight and killing intent.<br/>
I guess it feels excited hunting its prey.<br/>
However, it seems that its perception ability is duller than I had expected.<br/>
It’s the type where it has a wide field of vision, but its ability to sense the presence  of others is quite weak huh.<br/>
And, they are now—<br/>
[Welcome.]<br/>
—within my range.<br/>
[<Paralyze>]<br/>
Crack, crackleee—<br/>
Cracklee—<br/>
[Ooouuoo!? Oorrrooouuooohhh….. oohhh—!?]<br/>
“An opponent that the strongest Blood Champion couldn’t win with a fair fight.”<br/>
Snorting, I emerged from behind the trunk of the tree.<br/>
It may certainly be as she said but—<br/>
[That’s only if we were to fairly fight against it.]<br/>
I don’t really have to fight from the front.<br/>
All those b*llshit about fighting fair and square or having that spirit of fairness could eat sh*t.<br/>
Defeating them by trickery…<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Surprise attacks…<br/>
Both of them are good.<br/>
[Finally finding the prey that you let loose— you must have been really delighted that the hunt continues… But before you noticed it, the hunter becomes the hunted.]<br/>
The two Elephant Slugs have stopped in their places.<br/>
These two were standing still in front of me, just like two cliffs standing side by side.<br/>
The great delight and killing intent that they have been releasing earlier.<br/>
Now, they had turned into bewilderment and rage.<br/>
[Ooouuuoooohhh—-! OOouuooohhhnnnn!]<br/>
I also decided on using the skills that I could stack with the others.<br/>
Of course, it was to increase the number of skills I could use.<br/>
And, the finishing blow would be—<br/>
[<Berserk>]<br/>
Fssshhhh! Gussshhhhh!<br/>
Blood began spouting out all over the body of the two elephant slugs.<br/>
The monsters’ blood began raining down upon the surroundings.<br/>
[Oggguuueeeeehhhhhh!?]<br/>
The more they violently struggle about while they’re paralyzed, the more damage they would receive.<br/>
However, the monsters couldn’t even stop their own bodies from rampaging.<br/>
No one could resist it— once <Berserk> has been invoked on them.<br/>
[Oggooooo… giiii… riii—-]<br/>
Sinking in the pool of their own blood, they died.<br/>
The surroundings began descending to silence again.<br/>
<Your level has increased.><br/>
<Lv 1797 → Lv 1798><br/>
[Oh?]<br/>
So, I could level up here huh…<br/>
There’s also the experience points I’ve accumulated so far.<br/>
However, the experience points these two monsters have given may be reasonably high.<br/>
The combination of the experience given by these two was enough for me to level up.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[…My MP has also fully recovered.]<br/>
Eve rushed over.<br/>
[Is it done, Touka?]<br/>
[Yeah.]<br/>
Her leopard eyes looked at the monsters’ corpses like she found it hard to believe what she’s saying.<br/>
[You defeated that monster without even breaking a sweat… while I could only run away with all of my might. I could only feel embarrassed with how I acted…]<br/>
I think it’s quite amazing that she managed to escape from those guys before though.<br/>
[That’s not an opponent you could win against if you fairly fight against it. By the way, these guys weren’t Human-Faced, right?]<br/>
[That’s right. However, the Human-Faced weren’t the only strong monsters in this place. Even if they’re not Human-Faced, there were still lots of frightening monsters here.]<br/>
[Ah, I know. I already know enough about it.]<br/>
A good example would be the monsters from the Disposal Ruins.<br/>
Eve let out a subdued groan.<br/>
[Touka.]<br/>
[Hmm?]<br/>
[Just before you fought these monsters, you spoke earlier as if you’ve come across this monster somewhere before? If I remember it correctly, I think you said something like “I see. So, it’s you bastards.”.]<br/>
As expected, she really has great ears.<br/>
[These were probably “Nazoto”.] (T/N: ナゾート)<br/>
I called out to Seras who was walking towards us with Liz.<br/>
[Seras, help me with this.]<br/>
It seems she understood what I’m talking about.<br/>
Seras places her hand over her chest.<br/>
[Yes, please leave it to me.]<br/>
Incidentally, Liz doesn’t look particularly confused.<br/>
When the monster appeared, she was able to remain calm.<br/>
How should I say this—- her eyes look like she believes in us.<br/>
That’s how I see it.<br/>
I step into the pool of blood and lightly lift up the monster’s humanoid arm.<br/>
There’s a hemisphere buried in the palm of the monster.<br/>
It feels kind of squishy.<br/>
If I were to compare it with something, it would be that—- it’s just like a cat’s paws.<br/>
Well, this feels comparably worse than a cat’s paw but…<br/>
A monster’s hand.<br/>
I want to check the toughness of its skin.<br/>
Alright.<br/>
It looks like this would be a good spot.<br/>
I unsheathe the dagger from my waist.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[What are you doing, Touka?]<br/>
[I’m going to chip off this fleshy bead part.]<br/>
[What? This thing…? D- Don’t tell me— you can’t possibly be thinking of using that in our meal? It wouldn’t be easy for me to say that I want to eat something like that…]<br/>
Slightly doubtful, Eve pulled away.<br/>
[Heh— That’s not it, Eve.]<br/>
Seras wryly smiled.<br/>
[Is that really so, Touka-dono?]<br/>
[Yeah. I’m not really chipping this off for us to eat this.]<br/>
It seems Seras had already read about it in the book “Encyclopedia on the Forbidden Arts” that I’ve lent her.<br/>
The “Nazoto” that I mentioned earlier is the official name of the elephant slug.<br/>
[This guy is one of the ingredients I need.]<br/>
Yes…<br/>
[—for Pigimaru’s Enhancer.]<br/>
[Pii.]<br/>
Is it because his name was mentioned?<br/>
Pigimaru responded.<br/>
Eve looks like she finally understood.<br/>
[Mhmm, so that’s the reason. Umu? However—]<br/>
Eve tilted her head.<br/>
She looks really troubled.<br/>
[What’s the matter?]<br/>
[You said this won’t be eaten but… it would be used for Pigimaru’s Enhancer, that means—-]<br/>
[Puyuu?]<br/>
[—It would only be Pigimaru that would be ingesting this creepy flabby part into his body?]<br/>
[………Pigii!?]<br/>
Pigimaru suddenly looked scared.<br/>
However, it will be alright, Pigimaru.<br/>
When the enhancer is completed, the appearance shouldn’t be a problem anymore.<br/>
[……………]<br/>
Maybe.<br/>
▽<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It was about an hour after I collected the usable material from the elephant slug and left that area.<br/>
Without any warnings, it suddenly happened.<br/>
[——————–]<br/>
What the…?<br/>
Fwuuusshhhh!<br/>
We stood with our backs behind each other and raised our vigilance towards the surroundings.<br/>
[Eve, do you feel anything around?]<br/>
[…No, I can’t find anything.]<br/>
[Seras.]<br/>
[N- No… I- I also don’t know what’s happening…]<br/>
However, there certainly is something there.<br/>
The presence of a monster.<br/>
Suddenly, the presence of that monster appeared.<br/>
Of course, this is quite different from Pigimaru’s presence.<br/>
Even Pigimaru looks confused.<br/>
Eve, Pigimaru, me, Seras.<br/>
None of the four of us have noticed that whatever that thing has gotten closer towards us.<br/>
There was no sign at all.<br/>
There was nothing but that sudden appearance of the presence of the monster we felt.<br/>
It’s close.<br/>
It would shortly arrive here.<br/>
What is that?<br/>
What the heck is going on…?<br/>
Furthermore, I couldn’t even feel its hostility.<br/>
Not a single killing intent leaked out of it.<br/>
Looking at it in another way, it’s really unsettling.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
We still couldn’t get a hold of how much of a threat that monster is.<br/>
However, I could feel something strange about it.<br/>
It feels quite different from any of the monsters I’ve encountered before…<br/>
[Where did that come from?]<br/>
There is nothing even after looking around.<br/>
It’s just the never ending trees lined up around us.<br/>
Even if it were hiding, we would have been able to know its position if we felt its presence was close.<br/>
Seras drew her bow and pointed it to the air.<br/>
[—-It doesn’t feel like it’s somewhere in the air.]<br/>
And it’s also not below us.<br/>
I had assumed first that it would surprisely attack us from underground.<br/>
However, the presence didn’t come from under the ground.<br/>
No, rather than that, it would be—<br/>
[—coming from me, huh?]<br/>
———-Crackkkkk————-<br/>
I heard a sound.<br/>
The density of the presence suddenly increased in one go.<br/>
[Pigiii—!<br/>
At the same time as Pigimaru cried out, I hastily took off my backpack.<br/>
It appears like Pigimaru also felt something from “me”.<br/>
[It came from here, huh…?]<br/>
Eve is prepared with her sword in hand.<br/>
[It’s in your backpack, you say…]<br/>
Anxious, Liz clung on to Eve.<br/>
Seras also looked like she’s sweating bullets as she seems to be preparing for something that’s about to appear.<br/>
The preparation to use her Regalia of the Spirits.<br/>
[——Ah.]<br/>
I suddenly remembered one thing.<br/>
[Could it be—-]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
——-Crackkkk——–<br/>
[……….So, it’s this.]<br/>
I gently put down “that thing” on the ground.<br/>
Taking a step back, I called out to everyone.<br/>
[Don’t let your guard down.]<br/>
It’s obvious why I felt the presence from me.<br/>
It’s because…<br/>
The source of the presence came from “that thing” inside my backpack.<br/>
Seras looks towards me.<br/>
[Touka-dono, that must be…]<br/>
[Yeah.]<br/>
That black egg I obtained from Mills Ruins.<br/>
Yeah, that is—<br/>
[—-about to hatch.]<br/>
———-Craaackkkkk————<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
