<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Seras and the others who were standing in the back feel intimidated.<br/>
However, it’s only Pigimaru that extended his protrusion out from the back of my neck and…<br/>
[Punyyuuu~]<br/>
—retained his calmness.<br/>
Did it immediately sense that it doesn’t have any intention to harm us?<br/>
Seras inquires.<br/>
[Touka-dono… Is it okay now?]<br/>
The posture of the black horse is filled with majesty.<br/>
It’s quite difficult to describe its appearance as gentle.<br/>
Although it did have a large frame, the feeling that the sharpness in its red eyes gives off is different.<br/>
It’s not strange to feel the pressure just by standing before it and looking at its majesty.<br/>
It’s no wonder that Seras and the others were anxious.<br/>
I held my hand out towards the black horse.<br/>
Its eyes narrowed, the black horse earnestly rubbed its cheek on my hand.<br/>
Seras looked baffled.<br/>
[—-the horse’s acting like a kid huh…]<br/>
[It appears that its appearance was the only thing that changed. And, its possible this guy still thinks of me as its parent.]<br/>
I gently caressed the black horse’s face.<br/>
Closing its eyes, I could see the black horse’s tail were vigorously swaying.<br/>
It looks like it feels good.<br/>
[Touka-sama.]<br/>
Liz timidly called out.<br/>
It seems that she’s not wary of it anymore.<br/>
[Umm, what would be its name…?]<br/>
[Ah, a name huh. Let me think—]<br/>
It would obviously need a name.<br/>
I’m sure I’ll be calling it multiple times in the future.<br/>
[…………………]<br/>
A creature from fantasy that resembles a horse…<br/>
Some of them came into my mind.<br/>
Unicorn.<br/>
Bicorn.<br/>
Kelpie.<br/>
Sleipnir.<br/>
If we’re talking about the famous ones, it would be these.<br/>
These were the mythical beasts that appeared in the legends.<br/>
They also had some times where their names were mentioned in games and novels back in my previous world.<br/>
And, as expected, the first thing that comes into mind when you’re talking about a “eight-legged horse” would be—<br/>
Divine Beast Sleipnir.<br/>
A horse that appeared in the Norse Mythology.<br/>
It was famous as the horse that was ridden by the chief god Odin.<br/>
This would be the first thing that came into my mind.<br/>
Well, its double horned feature is closer to the bicorn though…<br/>
I looked towards the others.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[Do you have some good names we could choose from?]<br/>
[It looks like the black horse is emotionally attached to you. Shouldn’t you be the one to decide that?]<br/>
“I think so too”, or so Liz said as she agreed with her words.<br/>
Seras continues.<br/>
[I think this child would be more delighted if Touka-sama would be the one to decide its name.]<br/>
[I understand.]<br/>
I’m not really that good at naming though.<br/>
However, it can’t be helped if I’m the one who needs to do it huh.<br/>
Let’s see… I guess I’ll borrow parts of the name of that divine beast it has reminded me of—<br/>
[How about “Slei”?]<br/>
I just took the first four letters…<br/>
I looked towards its two red eyes and waited for its reaction.<br/>
[Hihhyyyiiinnn~♪]<br/>
The black horse neighed and its tail swayed.<br/>
Seras laxly crossed her arms and smiled.<br/>
[It seems that it likes it, huh?]<br/>
Seras then approached Slei and held out her hand.<br/>
Slei remained docile as it accepted her hand.<br/>
[Please take care of me from now on, Slei-dono—- Hmm?]<br/>
Slei approached the scruff of Seras’ neck and sniffed.<br/>
Its nose sniffed at her like it’s licking every part of Seras’ body.<br/>
[S- Slei-dono!? U- Umm… That place is a bit embarrassing—- Kyaah!?]<br/>
Sniff sniff sniff<br/>
[Like I said— I- It’s embarrassing…]<br/>
Looking like she isn’t too comfortable, Seras looked towards me.<br/>
[Touka-dono….!]<br/>
Her gaze tells me that she wants me to do something about it.<br/>
Horses have a particularly sharp sense of smell.<br/>
I’ve heard of that before.<br/>
However, why is it that it had only smelled Seras…<br/>
[Hmm?]<br/>
Perhaps…<br/>
[It had to be your smell, isn’t it?]<br/>
[S- Smell…]<br/>
Seras turned pale as she slightly pushed away Slei’s nose.<br/>
[D- Do I… smell that much?]<br/>
[No, I think it’s the opposite though?]<br/>
[The opposite? Ah, Slei-dono! T- Then, this means—?]<br/>
[I had been thinking about it back when we were riding a horse and I was clinging behind your back… How should I say this… It’s just that, Seras, your smell is quite faint, you know?]<br/>
[Faint, is it…? I don’t really notice it myself.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Well, it’s unexpectedly difficult to be aware of your own smell.<br/>
[It’s just that you would certainly smell Seras’ scent in there. However, it would only be noticeable when someone gets close to you. That is to say, it’s because your scent is quite faint that Slei have to closely make sure of it.]<br/>
[If it’s really as you say, then I can’t really reproach Slei-dono about it…]<br/>
Eventually, Slei left Seras who had already given up pushing Slei away.<br/>
However…<br/>
Lick.<br/>
[U- Umm—!?]<br/>
Slei licked Seras’ face.<br/>
[I- I’m already smeared with your saliva… Hyyaahh—]<br/>
Slei continued licking the High Elf Princess Knight’s face.<br/>
[…It seems to really like you, huh?]<br/>
Well, it was quite evident based on its reaction before.<br/>
After me, Slei favors Seras the most.<br/>
It seems that licking is its way to show its affection.<br/>
[Well, by the way, Slei.]<br/>
[?]<br/>
Looking like it tilted its neck, Slei turned towards me.<br/>
I have something I want to check.<br/>
[Can you return back to your previous forms?]<br/>
Adding a gesture of my hand pushing down on the ground, I asked.<br/>
To put it simply…<br/>
“Can you turn back to your small form?”<br/>
That is what I want to say.<br/>
Thereupon…<br/>
[Hihyyiiinnnn!]<br/>
With a moderately loud neigh, Slei’s body began glowing.<br/>
The light got stronger and wrapped around the black horse.<br/>
Immediately after, the light subsided.<br/>
And in place of the black horse—<br/>
[Panpyyiiii.]<br/>
Slei turned back to its first form.<br/>
Its figure that looks like a white mascot.<br/>
Its neigh filled with loveliness returned back.<br/>
[And if I were to inject my magic energy again into the orb on its back, he could transform again huh…]<br/>
Standing on its two short hind legs, Slei raised both of its forelegs.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[Pakkyyyuuunn♪]<br/>
It’s as if it’s saying “Correct~♪”.<br/>
▽<br/>
[Here.]<br/>
I held out a stain-free cloth in front of Seras’ face.<br/>
The cloth had been soaked in cloth water.<br/>
[Ah, excuse me.]<br/>
Seras held out her hand and was about to receive the cloth.<br/>
However, I didn’t hand the cloth to her.<br/>
Seras looks confused.<br/>
[…Touka-dono?]<br/>
Funnn… my mouth curved up.<br/>
[I’ll wipe it.]<br/>
[Eh?]<br/>
[Do you not like it?]<br/>
With her upturned eyes, Seras peeped towards me.<br/>
[…Is that alright?]<br/>
I then jokingly spoke.<br/>
[After all, the parent have to take responsibility for the child’s actions.]<br/>
[Fufu… So, Slei is your child huh?]<br/>
[It would also increase your friendly relationship with me. I also want my deputy to hold some more affection for me.]<br/>
Elegantly smiling, Seras combed her hair to the side with her hand and exposed her face.<br/>
[—Now then, please do what you plan to do.]<br/>
I gently wiped Seras’ white cheeks with the cloth.<br/>
I must also be careful not to exert too much strength…<br/>
Now, Slei is besides Eve and Liz.<br/>
I felt like they’re getting along for the time being.<br/>
It seems to be a horse with a personality that’s easy to get along with.<br/>
I feel relieved with that.<br/>
[And, what do you think?]<br/>
[Hmm… Are you talking about Slei?]<br/>
[Yeah.]<br/>
[Its second form seems to be able to handle most of our luggages. With that, we would be nimbler and will make our battles from here on more advantageous for us.]<br/>
[There’s also that third form of it that looks like it could help us when we need its mobility.]<br/>
We still haven’t tested out its various abilities like its mobility.<br/>
I also want to check its fighting ability some time in the future.<br/>
Seras expresses her concerns.<br/>
[When we encounter a monster here, it would be the turning point, wouldn’t it?]<br/>
[…Yeah.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I looked towards Slei.<br/>
I’m still not clear about what its true identity is.<br/>
However, I think I could expect some fighting ability from it.<br/>
Especially— from its third form.<br/>
[However… I never expected that a magical beast like Slei would be born from that egg.]<br/>
[In the end, we could just also ask about Slei to the Witch of Taboos.]<br/>
[Yes, it is indeed as you say.]<br/>
After speaking with Seras, I’ve easily collected my thoughts.<br/>
She might be the type that excels at listening to you as your aide.<br/>
Making sure that I don’t exert too much strength, my hands move along Seras’ skin.<br/>
Her smooth tender milky white skin.<br/>
[…Nevertheless, that’s quite a beautiful skin.]<br/>
[Well, that’s because it was just born.]<br/>
[No— I’m not talking about Slei. I’m talking about your skin.]<br/>
Seras looked away.<br/>
[…I’m afraid I’m considered as a pretty slow woman, a bit vexing it may be…]<br/>
I haven’t said anything like that though.<br/>
[Is that so?]<br/>
[Mhmm… That’s so.]<br/>
Hiding her shyness, Seras pouted.<br/>
Incidentally, it seems all Elves possess beautiful skin.<br/>
It appears that the spirits they’ve contracted with were also removing the impurities they had from within their body.<br/>
It’s like those spirits could automatically become your own personal skin care.<br/>
[However, it will still take some time. It’s not instantaneous, so it doesn’t immediately remove these saliva clinging on my body. It could indeed be dried off with the power of the wind spirit but…]<br/>
[Even that isn’t an immediate effect huh.]<br/>
[Yes.]<br/>
Then, it seems that this automatic skin care ability will increase the “purity” of the High Elves.<br/>
I’m also convinced that this was the reason for their blemish-free skin.<br/>
However…<br/>
[………………]<br/>
It seems neither make-ups nor lotions would sell well among the Elves.<br/>
▽<br/>
[Touka.]<br/>
[Hmm?]<br/>
[I examined Slei earlier and found one thing.]<br/>
After Seras’ face had been fully cleaned, Eve approached with a serious look on her face.<br/>
[What is it?]<br/>
[It appears that Slei is female.]<br/>
Is that so?<br/>
[Yes, it’s not a male because it has horns.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
In other words, you’ve checked it out huh.<br/>
[Pigii!]<br/>
Hmm?<br/>
I looked towards them and saw Pigimaru and Slei standing in front of each other.<br/>
Pigimaru was being held by Liz a while ago but…<br/>
[Pakyyuuu.]<br/>
[Pigii!]<br/>
[Panppyyyii~]<br/>
[Pinyyuuu~]<br/>
[Pakyyyuu?]<br/>
[Punyyyuuuu~?]<br/>
[……………..]<br/>
[……………..]<br/>
[Pakyuu.]<br/>
[Pii.]<br/>
[…Pakkyyurrruuunnn♪]<br/>
[…Puyuuunnn♪]<br/>
[Pakyyyuuuu!]<br/>
[Pii!]<br/>
Bounce!<br/>
Pigimaru jumped on Slei’s back.<br/>
He then began swaying on Slei’s back.<br/>
[Pigii!]<br/>
[Pakkyuuunn!]<br/>
Clippety clop clippety clop<br/>
With Pigimaru on her back, Slei began walking towards us.<br/>
Standing beside me, Seras had a pleasant smile on her face as she looked at them.<br/>
I breath out a sigh.<br/>
I’m glad that nothing happened.<br/>
[It appears that the two of them got along well.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<Author’s Note><br/>
The writing pace has slowed down a bit, but I feel like it has recovered. Thank you for your kind words after the last update.<br/>
There are some places where I personally think about reporting a book sale while the update pace is slowing … Thanks to all of you, the first volume of “I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame [Abnormal State Skill] As I Devastated Everything” will be released on the market in Japan on 7/25 (Wednesday).<br/>
In the physical version of the book, we rechecked the entire text twice and made minor additions, corrections and alterations for the vertical version of the book. There were also some additional scenes included. Also, our illustrator KWKM-sama drew the front cover of each volume and some illustrations corresponding to some scenes. The illustrations drawn by KWKM-sama are all really wonderful. KWKM-sama also visualized the start of Touka and Seras, the fugitive (Mist), Vysis, Sogou Ayaka, Kirihara Takuto, Takao sisters and Kashima Kobato.<br/>
Personally though, in addition with the scenes in the book, I wanted to have some more of Seras (well, all of our esteemed readers should have known the identity of this “fugitive”)  or include some more scenes with Touka and Seras together in one image. And if it’s possible, we could use that additional scene as a front cover… Therefore, we hope that additional scenes in the book version will be able to add more attractive scenes when they become illustrations. In a way, that is the greatest advantage of the illustrated book version.<br/>
With the above-mentioned points, I think that there are some aspects that increase the color of the book version, including the proportion of illustrations, in a more positive way, it had turned into a “Seras book (?)”.So what do you think about the book version? If you want to get Selas Ashrein in your hands (I don’t really know if you can say it that way, it might be able to become a good medium to recommend (I’m sorry I can’t express it very well (sweat). In short, the Seras’ appeal has increased with the illustrations included in the book…)<br/>
Anyway, we have been able to publish the book version thanks to everyone who has been supporting the Web version on a regular basis. Once again, thank you for taking this opportunity.<br/>
I’m very sorry because the writing pace has been fluctuating these days, but I’d like to ask you for your continuous support for “I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame [Abnormal State Skill] As I Devastated Everything”.<br/>
…Afterword with reports like this would only make it longer. I’m sorry if it has become long-winded as ever (sweat)<br/>
In the next chapter, I hope we can update it a little faster.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
