<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Chapter 132: L I G H T<br/>
 <br/>
Eve finally finished tying our luggages to Slei’s body with a leather belt.<br/>
Currently, Slei was in her second form again.<br/>
The third form consumes a lot of MP.<br/>
On the other hand, she could transform into her second form with just 1000 MP.<br/>
And this form is already enough if we want to just leave our luggages to her.<br/>
I touched the perfectly fixed luggages.<br/>
 <br/>
[You skillfully did this.]<br/>
[I’ve already had quite the experience in travelling after all. Well, I think even Seras could do this.]<br/>
 <br/>
I still have a long way to go with these kinds of things.<br/>
I don’t have that much experience with travelling.<br/>
I really need to remember things like this later…<br/>
However, I will continue relying on my comrades for this for the time being.<br/>
 <br/>
[You have a special power that only you could use. In exchange for relying on that power, we would be making up for your weak points… Therefore, I think you don’t have to do everything by yourself.]<br/>
[…Did it show on my face?]<br/>
 <br/>
With a muffled laugh, Eve simply said.<br/>
 <br/>
[It’s unusual.]<br/>
 <br/>
It seems that it’s usually difficult to read my thoughts.<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
We continued our venture into the Demon Zone.<br/>
 <br/>
The sunlight illuminating our path was being blocked by trees and branches of the numerous trees in our path. Even the places we could see have been getting dimmer and dimmer.<br/>
 <br/>
On the way, we found some places that we could camp on.<br/>
 <br/>
If there’s no good place that looks great to camp on, we would go back and set up our camp around sunset.<br/>
 <br/>
Even so, having Eve’s map with us is really great.<br/>
Thanks to that, it was easier for us to grasp the location of our destination when we were turning back.<br/>
Making landmarks when we were going to return were also minimal.<br/>
If we had no map, it should have been necessary for us to create a map while we proceed.<br/>
In that case, it would have a considerable effect on the speed of our advance.<br/>
 <br/>
Liz is on Slei together with the luggages.<br/>
That girl didn’t utter any complaints, even when she was carrying our luggage while we walked.<br/>
However, it was quite clear that the one with the least physical strength here is Liz.<br/>
I’m quite thankful that Slei joined our little group because of this.<br/>
However… Liz is quite good at understanding as usual.<br/>
Although I could see that she’s still being reserved, she knows when something is appropriate or not.<br/>
Only she was the one riding the horse.<br/>
Liz was initially  being reserved about it.<br/>
However, she immediately accepted.<br/>
She probably understood that it would just waste our time.<br/>
I understood it from her expression and the tone of her voice.<br/>
Looking at the other’s situation, that child is trying to determine what action she had to take.<br/>
 <br/>
She had an ability to naturally grow while always watching out the complexion of her so-called “guardians”.<br/>
 <br/>
[…………………..]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
She’s a child who puts others first before herself.<br/>
I moved beside Slei.<br/>
 <br/>
[Liz.]<br/>
[Ah- What is it, Touka-sama?]<br/>
[It was often said that it was a bad habit if someone only looked at others.]<br/>
 <br/>
Liz silently listened.<br/>
 <br/>
[However, it could be useful sometimes too. If you were to steadily look at others, you may be able to learn various things from them.]<br/>
[….Yes.]<br/>
 <br/>
Liz loosened up.<br/>
 <br/>
[Nevertheless, it’s not good if you always endure everything. If you really want something by all means, be sure to properly say it. It would be alright, we wouldn’t deny something without hearing the others first.]<br/>
 <br/>
I lightly pat Liz’s small back while she’s on the horse.<br/>
 <br/>
Pat.<br/>
 <br/>
[Am I clear?]<br/>
[Thank you for looking after me, Touka-sama…]<br/>
[Also, I’m going to rely on you regarding Eve.]<br/>
[Eh?]<br/>
[She’s dull, after all.]<br/>
[I could hear you, Touka.]<br/>
 <br/>
I grinned at Eve who glanced back towards us.<br/>
 <br/>
[Well, I said it knowing that you could hear it.]<br/>
 <br/>
Hehe—<br/>
 <br/>
Riding on the horse, Liz smiled.<br/>
 <br/>
[Yes. Then, you could leave that part of Big Sister to me.]<br/>
 <br/>
Eve looked at Liz, astonished as her mouth were hanging open.<br/>
 <br/>
[L- Liz…]<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
We continued encountering monsters as usual.<br/>
 <br/>
I could have easily disposed of it with my Abnormal State Skill, but Eve suggested.<br/>
 <br/>
[I want to fight strong monsters and temper my battle instinct.]<br/>
 <br/>
Fighting against strong opponents will always be the most effective way to train.<br/>
Especially, actually having to experience battles where that could decide whether you live or die is a powerful source of experience.<br/>
Seras also agreed with her suggestion.<br/>
She wants to fight monsters unless the difference between their strengths were absurdly far.<br/>
She also wished for that.<br/>
 <br/>
[However, we will let Touka-dono have the finishing blow as much as possible.]<br/>
[I understand.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I can’t really do anything but help them improve their fighting ability.<br/>
 <br/>
And if they look like they’re struggling in their fight, I could stop the monster with my skill.<br/>
 <br/>
Seras fought with the monsters while cooperating with Eve.<br/>
It seems they’re trying to build up their combination.<br/>
 <br/>
Seras’ footwork and the way her body moves reminds me of an elegant dance.<br/>
Her movements were smooth and there wasn’t any wasted steps.<br/>
She easily evaded the monster’s fierce attacks.<br/>
Her forte is her ability to properly interweave the power of spirits within battle.<br/>
Also, she would sometimes use her Regalia of the Spirits when she could see that she’s fighting against a strong enemy.<br/>
She wants to test out how much strength a monster could have before she would use it.<br/>
 <br/>
On the other hand, you could say that Eve moves like a ferocious warrior.<br/>
Even when she looks like a wild beast as she fought, you could see that her movements were thoroughly refined.<br/>
Compared to how Seras fights, her way of fighting has a tinge of severe wildness in it.<br/>
Once she swings her sword, her slashes will severely cut through the monster’s flesh.<br/>
Strength, agility, reflexes, technique, and a wild perception…<br/>
There is not a single fault among those aspects.<br/>
You could even say that she’s a true warrior gifted with natural talent.<br/>
 <br/>
Even if I were to take them as my master to improve my combat abilities from hereafter, all I could say was that the ability of these two doesn’t have any shortcomings anymore.<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
For three days, we went on with our search for the witch’s home.<br/>
We still haven’t encountered any Human-Faced among those times.<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
We arrived in a ruined area filled with debris all around the place.<br/>
It seems that there were some buildings built in this ruins back then.<br/>
The building has been destroyed after countless years of standing in this place.<br/>
There’s no roof on the top of the building anymore.<br/>
Only the walls scattered about in the area were left as proof that they existed.<br/>
Though I say that, it was enough protection for us.<br/>
It seems that this is good enough to include as a place where we could camp in for the time being.<br/>
 <br/>
Looking up to the sky, I could see that the skies had already been light dyed in a tinge of red.<br/>
 <br/>
A plain that was surrounded by an area filled with trees that blocks the sun.<br/>
However, we should also be careful since this area isn’t obstructed from the sight of the monsters lurking within the forest.<br/>
Though I say that, there’s no presence of any monsters around at the moment.<br/>
Sitting down, I checked Eve’s map.<br/>
 <br/>
[It seems like we’ve considerably drawn near towards her.]<br/>
[Umu. It seems that we’ve already travelled two-thirds of the distance we need.]<br/>
 <br/>
I glanced at the black horse that’s eating grass beside Liz.<br/>
The speed of our advance had greatly increased when Slei joined us.<br/>
Moreover, Slei has never been scared of monsters.<br/>
 <br/>
It has quite the courage huh.<br/>
 <br/>
Or is it because Slei doesn’t regard those monsters as a threat because of her third form?<br/>
 <br/>
Anyway, our concerns regarding that have disappeared.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
That’s only for now though.<br/>
 <br/>
[It seems that we’re pretty close to the witch’s home.]<br/>
 <br/>
With her hands on her knees, Seras is leaning forward and peeked at the map.<br/>
Sitting next to me with her hand propping her chin, Eve nods.<br/>
 <br/>
[Umu, we should be able to arrive there in one go from here.]<br/>
 <br/>
I looked towards the sky.<br/>
I also checked my pocket watch.<br/>
 <br/>
[For the time being, let’s advance for another one or two hours today.]<br/>
 <br/>
Eve stands up.<br/>
 <br/>
[Touka, I’ll be scouting a little further.]<br/>
[Be careful.]<br/>
[Umu.]<br/>
 <br/>
Eve melts into the dark forest that has begun to be filled in dusk.<br/>
She has the ability to search just like a sensor and that’s why she’s good at scouting.<br/>
Seras wryly smiles.<br/>
 <br/>
[Fufu, Eve is quite energetic—]<br/>
 <br/>
Thud.<br/>
 <br/>
Seras trips forward.<br/>
She immediately pressed against the wall beside me and stopped her fall.<br/>
On the other hand, I look like I was about to hug Seras.<br/>
 <br/>
[—————–]<br/>
 <br/>
Our faces were close to each other that our noses almost touched.<br/>
 <br/>
[…It looks like you suddenly staggered, are you alright?]<br/>
[Y- Yes… I’m sorry.]<br/>
 <br/>
Seras calmly smiles.<br/>
 <br/>
[H- However, I’m alright so…]<br/>
[That looks like a lie.]<br/>
[I- I certainly am a bit tired.]<br/>
[………….]<br/>
 <br/>
It was my blunder.<br/>
I didn’t notice Seras is fatigued already.<br/>
I was just paying attention towards Liz’s physical strength.<br/>
I found out that Eve’s physical strength wasn’t a problem.<br/>
She is easy to read based on her face and behaviour.<br/>
If she is tired, I could immediately recognize it.<br/>
And I myself probably hardly get fatigued thanks to the status correction.<br/>
However, Seras doesn’t have that much physical strength.<br/>
 <br/>
[My bad… I should have looked at you a bit more.]<br/>
 <br/>
Seras almost usually look quite composed.<br/>
However, she is also quite good at keeping a poker face.<br/>
 <br/>
Just like Eve said that it was hard to read my emotions.<br/>
Unexpectedly, Seras is also the type whose emotions were hard to read.<br/>
 <br/>
[It should be no problem for me if it was just an hour or two—]<br/>
[That’s no good.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Grasping both of Seras’ shoulders, I lightly push her back as I stand.<br/>
 <br/>
[We’re going to rest here for the day.]<br/>
[…I’m sorry.]<br/>
[Don’t apologize. It was my fault that I didn’t notice it. It’s unacceptable as the leader of our group. However—]<br/>
 <br/>
I pat Seras on her shoulder.<br/>
 <br/>
[Don’t overdo it. Okay?]<br/>
[…Yes.]<br/>
[How is it?]<br/>
 <br/>
My lips distorting to a smile, I asked.<br/>
 <br/>
[Were you impressed by your Captain-sama’s kindness?]<br/>
 <br/>
Seras’ eyes were filled with happiness as she looked down and placed her hand over her chest.<br/>
 <br/>
[Yes, very much so.]<br/>
[……………….]<br/>
 <br/>
It was just a joke to lighten the atmosphere though.<br/>
It seems that she’s too tired that she couldn’t understand a joke.<br/>
 <br/>
[Touka.]<br/>
 <br/>
Eve finally came back.<br/>
 <br/>
[What is it?]<br/>
[A few distance from here, there’s some kind of huge ruins-like building.]<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
Passing through the area filled with large trees again, I could certainly see a huge ruins standing before us.<br/>
 <br/>
Probably because of the large trees blocking it.<br/>
We didn’t see it even when we looked at it from a distance.<br/>
 <br/>
[That’s really large.]<br/>
 <br/>
There’s hardly any destruction around.<br/>
The shape of the building kind of resembles a pyramid.<br/>
That’s right, it would be that.<br/>
It’s like the ruins of the Mayan Civilization.<br/>
Its appearance kind of reminds me of that.<br/>
I could see a door on the end of the long staircase.<br/>
We began climbing the stairs.<br/>
Slei skillfully climbs along with us.<br/>
It’s almost time for the sun to set.<br/>
 <br/>
[……………..]<br/>
 <br/>
If we can’t camp in this place, we would go back and camp in that ruins earlier.<br/>
We finally arrived on the top.<br/>
I look towards the surroundings.<br/>
If there weren’t these huge trees around the area, I could have seen far on the distance.<br/>
However, the curtains of the night is already falling down.<br/>
Therefore, the darkness began encompassing the skies.<br/>
I then turned towards the door.<br/>
 <br/>
[This is—]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
There was a jewel on the door.<br/>
Ah, it’s the usual jewel huh.<br/>
I then noticed something.<br/>
 <br/>
[Hmm? There’s some magic energy filled in the gauge already…]<br/>
[Actually, I’ve tried injecting my own magic energy before I called all of you.]<br/>
 <br/>
Eve could also inject magic energy.<br/>
 <br/>
[However, this was all the magic energy that I could accumulate. It seems that I have to ask you to do this.]<br/>
[Leave it to me.]<br/>
 <br/>
Status Open.<br/>
I displayed my MP.<br/>
You could say that we’re on a high ground.<br/>
It would be troublesome if a monster approaches if this jewel were to illuminate.<br/>
Turning towards Seras, I asked for a large piece of cloth from our luggage.<br/>
I then covered the jewel with the cloth.<br/>
This should minimize the amount of light that leaks out of it.<br/>
Touching the jewel, I started pouring my magic energy into it.<br/>
Loud rumbling rang out as the door began opening.<br/>
 <br/>
[As expected of you, Touka.]<br/>
 <br/>
Seras steps into the building and illuminated the front with the power of the Light Spirit.<br/>
 <br/>
[Hmm… It doesn’t seem to be that spacious inside. I also couldn’t feel the presence of any other creatures nearby.]<br/>
[Then, we could use this place to stay on tonight.]<br/>
 <br/>
With Seras leading the way, everyone stepped into the building.<br/>
I incidentally looked behind me.<br/>
 <br/>
In a far away distance, I could see a flickering light.<br/>
 <br/>
That light flickered several times.<br/>
 <br/>
At this distance, I think that place should be within the Demon Zone but…<br/>
 <br/>
What is that?<br/>
 <br/>
Are those just monsters killing each other?<br/>
 <br/>
[………………]<br/>
 <br/>
I remember our location based on the map.<br/>
 <br/>
If Urza is in the south, the direction where the light was intermittently flickering about came from the northeast.<br/>
 <br/>
Ah, so that’s how it is.<br/>
 <br/>
Now I remembered why I strangely felt nostalgic.<br/>
 <br/>
Now that I think about it, that direction is where—<br/>
 <br/>
[—The f*cking goddess I hated so much lives. The direction pointing towards Alion huh.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
