<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<Dragonslayer’s POV><br/>
 <br/>
Alion.<br/>
 <br/>
In the hallway of the Royal Castle.<br/>
 <br/>
I could see the barracks from where I stand.<br/>
 <br/>
I, the “Dragonslayer” Banewolf, placed my elbow on the railings as I gulp down my alcohol.<br/>
Looking down towards them, I could see the soldiers scurrying about in a hurry.<br/>
Everyone is preparing for the upcoming fight against the Great Demon Emperor.<br/>
I called out to the beautiful Goddess who was just passing by behind me.<br/>
 <br/>
[And— What’s your intention for making me stay behind in Alion?]<br/>
[I can’t just let this place have a lack of people, right?]<br/>
 <br/>
Vysis stops walking and continues.<br/>
 <br/>
[I also wanted to accompany them if I could but… I have to go to Magnar Kingdom tomorrow. Ah, I’m really worried… Would those children be alright?]<br/>
[The Drunken Sword Party together with Nyantan Kikeepat, and you also added the Four Revered Saints into their group. They should be all right with them.]<br/>
[The more the people that say that they would be all right, the more that I worry.]<br/>
 <br/>
The Heroes from Another World have left the Royal Castle just the other day.<br/>
They were heading towards the Great Ruins in the west of Alion.<br/>
In the place that was also known as the Golden Demon Zone.<br/>
 <br/>
Turning around and facing towards Vysis, I leaned my elbows on the handrails.<br/>
 <br/>
[The reason why you removed me from the group going into the Demon Zone, is it related to me being the teacher of Sogou Ayaka?]<br/>
[Eh? What are you talking about?]<br/>
 <br/>
Vysis tilted her head.<br/>
She looks like she can’t think about why I say something like that.<br/>
Her eyes tell me so.<br/>
I continued.<br/>
 <br/>
[Is it that the Goddess-sama’s goal is to make someone from that child’s group die?]<br/>
[Hnnnn~? I still can’t understand what you mean. Why would I do something like that?]<br/>
[If I’m not there, the dangers that girl and the others would face would increase— or am I mistaken?]<br/>
[Eh? I would be troubled even if you say something with a baseless reasoning like that…]<br/>
 <br/>
I gently brush my beard.<br/>
I began thinking of some reasons.<br/>
 <br/>
[For example, let’s see… it’s to make it easier for the Goddess-sama to control that child or something like that?]<br/>
[Hmmm? Excuse me, but I really don’t know what you’re talking about. Umm, are you just trying to waste my time? Perhaps, are you actually just talking about a logic that only works for you? Are you kidding me?]<br/>
[The more broken a person is, the easier it would be to manipulate them.]<br/>
[Eh!? I- It would be really troubling if you talk about ideas like that…]<br/>
[………………..]<br/>
 <br/>
[Speaking of which Bane-san, is your father all right?]<br/>
 <br/>
[…So-so, I guess.]<br/>
[If I remember it correctly, the reason why you joined the Magic Knights is for your father who was lying on sickbed, I believe? Even when he’s alone, he splendidly raised a splendid man out of you.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Vysis began approaching me.<br/>
She placed her arm on the railings and looked towards the barracks.<br/>
Her expression appears to be filled with sorrow.<br/>
 <br/>
[A material that can only be obtained from the mine that Urza controls… A very valuable medicine that was made from that material. Only that medicine could suppress the symptoms of your father’s illness… And the one who decides who gets to enter that mine is Urza’s head, The Magister King Jin… In other words, just about everything could be changed based on the Magister King’s whim… It appears that your situation is very dangerous for you. However, you may rest assured.]<br/>
 <br/>
Vysis then stands in front of me.<br/>
She tightly grasps my hand with both of her hands.<br/>
 <br/>
[As long as I put in a good word for you towards the Magister King, you would be able to continue obtaining that expensive medicine, free of charge. What do you think about this?]<br/>
 <br/>
I exhaled out as I could feel the corners of my mouth slacken up a bit.<br/>
 <br/>
[That is why… This dragonslayer that was known for his laziness has responded to the Goddess’s summon and quickly went into this place, right?]<br/>
 <br/>
[What a wonderful dedication you have. Even I feel happiness from the bottom of my heart.]<br/>
 <br/>
My reason for joining the Magic Knights.<br/>
It’s all to protect my slothful life.<br/>
That’s what was circulated around the public.<br/>
However, if I was living alone, I could have just become a mercenary.<br/>
With my ability, I could have just completed easy tasks when I wanted to.<br/>
I lost my mother back when I was just a wee child.<br/>
My father had raised me all alone until he fell ill.<br/>
And I would return the favor I’ve received.<br/>
Therefore, I accepted the invitation to join the Magic Knights.<br/>
 <br/>
[Well… I’m going to move with my position in mind.]<br/>
[What a grown-up you are.]<br/>
[And, that famous straight-laced leader-sama of the White Wolf Knights— Did you manage to take control of that? Perhaps, that’s the reason you’re going to Magnar in advance, right?]<br/>
[What? That has nothing to do with our current conversation, right?]<br/>
 <br/>
Good grief.<br/>
I was just interested in that.<br/>
I’m completely bewildered by her actions.<br/>
If she’s doing something like this, then I bet that this goddess doesn’t have anyone that could be called her right hand.<br/>
 <br/>
[By the way Bane-san, it’s different from what we’re talking about but…]<br/>
[Hmm?]<br/>
[What do you think about the Heroes from Another World?]<br/>
 <br/>
I looked towards the distant west sky.<br/>
 <br/>
[The one who’s been doing favorably well in the path of the strongest Hero is, as expected, Kirihara. Even compared with the opposing Great Demon Emperor, his abilities were by far the best.]<br/>
 <br/>
[I see, I see~ How about the other Heroes?]<br/>
 <br/>
[The A-Rank Oyamada seems to be steadily getting stronger. I was actually quite worried in the beginning, but Yasu is also growing. In the case of Sogou though, I have some various impressions regarding her… Well, I could see some impatience from her because of her inherent skill that has yet to manifest. After that, I honestly don’t know about Hijiri and Itsuki. From what I could see from them, it seems that the sisters don’t know what to do with Nyantan…]<br/>
 <br/>
[I can’t really say that those sisters were rebellious but… I also can’t say that they would faithfully follow the missions I will give to them. Especially the older sister, I still don’t know what they were thinking… Human minds were quite complicated…]<br/>
 <br/>
[Ah. There’s also that one Hero that I’m a bit anxious about…]<br/>
[Ara? Who is it?]<br/>
[Asagi Ikusaba.]<br/>
[Ikusaba-san huh.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Since I’ve arrived here in the Royal Castle, the only Hero that I’ve been consciously avoiding is Asagi Ikusaba.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’m not good at dealing with humans like her.]<br/>
 <br/>
<Kashima Kobato POV><br/>
 <br/>
It’s the first day of entering the Demon Zone.<br/>
 <br/>
Lots of dense and overgrown trees.<br/>
The black soil was just exposed all around the area.<br/>
I wonder if these path were treaded on by the monsters.<br/>
I could see a number of footsteps from some kind of beasts on the ground.<br/>
There’s also some branches here and there that looks like they’re unnaturally broken.<br/>
Perhaps, these were the traces left behind by a monster.<br/>
I could also smell some beastly odor reaching into my nose.<br/>
Something that indicates that there were some monsters that have just passed through here.<br/>
 <br/>
On the first day, the Heroes first tried their abilities and fought against the monsters on the outer edge.<br/>
 <br/>
We will be leveling up now.<br/>
We were also trained by strong people that were called from every country by the goddess.<br/>
 <br/>
Through their teachings, we have grown to the point where we could easily defeat the monsters on the outer edge.<br/>
 <br/>
(However—)<br/>
 <br/>
While our group was advancing, I suddenly felt some sort of fear.<br/>
 <br/>
[Oi, over there!]<br/>
 <br/>
A member of Asagi’s group discovered a monster.<br/>
 <br/>
[Guruuooooaaaaahhh—-!]<br/>
 <br/>
The Heroes in the same group simultaneously prepared their weapons.<br/>
 <br/>
[It appeared! A Golden-eyed monster that I’ve never seen before!]<br/>
[I’ll do it!]<br/>
[Asagi! Let me do it!]<br/>
 <br/>
The looks in everyone’s eyes changed.<br/>
A Hero levelling up.<br/>
We would certainly feel our “growth” just by killing monsters.<br/>
Recently, some of the students seem to be addicted to their “growth”.<br/>
I feel that this atmosphere is a bit scary.<br/>
 <br/>
Ikusaba Asagi, who was standing in the rear, comes forward.<br/>
 <br/>
[Now, now. the next to acquire experience should be Kobato-chan now. All of us were comrades, right? Look! There’s no need for us to rush! Vanguard-chans, raise your defense skills and resist the monsters attack!]<br/>
 <br/>
Asagi seems to be thoroughly accustomed to giving instructions.<br/>
The group of vanguards followed her commands.<br/>
Making use of their shields and defensive skill, they blocked the monster’s attacks.<br/>
While blocking its attacks, the girls have also dealt some damage to the monster.<br/>
They’re trying to damage without causing any fatal wounds.<br/>
Now, all members of the Asagi group were already accustomed to it.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[Gugguuoooo…!?]<br/>
 <br/>
The monster falls on its knee.<br/>
Most of the attacks were concentrated on its legs and effectively preventing the monster from moving.<br/>
 <br/>
[Take this!]<br/>
 <br/>
Slaaaashhhh!<br/>
 <br/>
They’ve severed both of the monster’s arm.<br/>
The scene I’m looking at right now is different from when we were just summoned.<br/>
It’s different from that time when that third wolf was burned to death.<br/>
That girl has just cut off the arm of that monster.<br/>
She held no hesitation in her attack.<br/>
Asagi applauds.<br/>
 <br/>
[Ohhh, that’s a really good way of making them just beyond death’s door~! Asagi group, excellent!]<br/>
 <br/>
Asagi placed her hand on my shoulder and gently pushed me forward.<br/>
 <br/>
[Now go take it, Poppo-chan. We’ve sweetly held it in place and you just have to take it.]<br/>
[…Y- Yeah.]<br/>
[Ah, that’s right! Make sure to thank everyone, okay!? This one, you see, is a victory from everyone’s teamwork~]<br/>
 <br/>
I coweringly bowed down towards the girls in the vanguard team.<br/>
 <br/>
[T- Thank you…]<br/>
 <br/>
The girls who have met eyes with mine averted their eyes.<br/>
 <br/>
[Well, rather than being for Kobato’s sake, it’s just because it’s Asagi’s order…]<br/>
 <br/>
Asagi places her hand on her face.<br/>
 <br/>
[Hey— you there, you – don’t – have to say something unnecessary like that! It’s disgusting! We’re different from Kirihara because we value our bonds as fellow comrades!]<br/>
 <br/>
Asagi giggled.<br/>
 <br/>
[Well~, I could understand why Atsuko wanted to say that~.]<br/>
[Right? You understand what I mean, right? Asagi is quite empathetic afterall~]<br/>
[But of course! Or more like, get going already Poppo-chin! Quickly – deal – the – finishing – blow!]<br/>
 <br/>
It doesn’t feel like she’d accept a rejection.<br/>
I could hear the rough breaths of the Golden-eyed monster as it glared at me.<br/>
The liquid mixed from its blood and saliva dripped down from its mouth.<br/>
In its golden eyes, I could see its burning hatred and killing intent glaring towards me.<br/>
I feel like I’m about to vomit before it.<br/>
 <br/>
[Kobato-chan, it would be dangerous if you’re separated from the leading party. It’s also bad to keep everyone waiting—]<br/>
 <br/>
The tone in Asagi’s voice changed.<br/>
 <br/>
[Kill it already, okay?]<br/>
 <br/>
Asagi demanded.<br/>
I unsheath my sword and raise it overhead.<br/>
 <br/>
For some reason though, the words “I’m sorry” were the thoughts going through my head.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[—————–]<br/>
 <br/>
With my eyes closed, I put the monster to its end.<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
[Yer slow, Ikusaba~!]<br/>
 <br/>
Overtaking Asagi group, Oyamada Shougo shouted his complaints.<br/>
 <br/>
[I thought I already appealed to everyone that I don’t want anyone to call me with my surname~! Oyamada-kun, you’re too cruel~]<br/>
 <br/>
Asagi lightly brushes him off.<br/>
 <br/>
[Hah!? You think I wouldn’t know? You b*stards, you must have been gossiping behind our backs huh?]<br/>
[Huhhh?]<br/>
 <br/>
Asagi feigns ignorance.<br/>
 <br/>
[Wha~t’s that, Oyamada-kun, it’s as if you’re implying that we’re just being envious. I mean, there isn’t a single S-Rank nor A-Rank in my group~. Of course, it’s possible that there may be some enviousness mixed along with our complaints.]<br/>
[Hah? Then, if you’re the only bastard in your group who have an inherent skill—]<br/>
[Shougo.]<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara stopped Oyamada.<br/>
 <br/>
[What now, Takuto?]<br/>
[We don’t need her.]<br/>
[Ah?]<br/>
[Ikusaba.]<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara turned towards Asagi.<br/>
 <br/>
[When you need it, just call me… But otherwise, we basically won’t be concerned with each other. I’ve been thinking about this since we were back in our previous world but… you’re the type of person I couldn’t trust.]<br/>
 <br/>
Asagi’s face looked like it turned into a noh mask.<br/>
I couldn’t read any expression on her face.<br/>
 <br/>
[It looks like we feel the same way so I’m somewhat happy, Kirihara-kun.]<br/>
 <br/>
[I won’t let you come under my camp. I could only see you interfering in my way…]<br/>
 <br/>
Asagi slightly tilts her head.<br/>
 <br/>
[I also feel the same.]<br/>
 <br/>
The scene comes to a halt.<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara group.<br/>
Asagi group.<br/>
 <br/>
For a while now, there has been a turbulent atmosphere between these two groups.<br/>
Therefore, unexpected it may be, everyone had already expected something like this.<br/>
That these two groups would eventually collide.<br/>
 <br/>
At that time…<br/>
 <br/>
[———–Hmm?]<br/>
 <br/>
The Four Revered Saints that were leading the very front suddenly looked like they’re prepared for combat.<br/>
It seems that the vanguard Agito sensed something.<br/>
 <br/>
[Huh? This in itself, looks quite troublesome. This feels like… something would be too much for the Heroes huh. Then, hmmm… All the Heroes, please fall back. Drunken Sword Party, could you position around the Heroes and support them?]<br/>
 <br/>
Next, Agito calls Nyantan who was in the middle row.<br/>
Kirihara turned over his coat and turned towards the front.<br/>
 <br/>
[Fall back, you say? Don’t say stupid things… Funnnn… Ever since we entered the Demon Zone, all the monsters that we’ve fought were just small fries that I became fed up with…]<br/>
 <br/>
Looking towards them, Kirihara touches the hilt of his katana.<br/>
 <br/>
[However— You lot have been underestimating this me too much… I think it’s about time that I correct that recognition of yours.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
