<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
What is that…?<br/>
I, Kashima Kobato, was astonished.<br/>
A gigantic monster appeared as it mowed down the trees on its path.<br/>
It looks like a slug.<br/>
However, that doesn’t change our situation and that monster doesn’t really match the original appearance of the animal associated with it.<br/>
I could also see some other resemblance from other animals from this grotesque monster.<br/>
There were its two golden eyes on both sides on the top of its head.<br/>
Its eyes resemble those of a dragonfly.<br/>
There’s also that part that looks like the nose of an elephant.<br/>
Are those its tentacles? (T/N: feelers)<br/>
There are several of them growing out from its back.<br/>
Asagi group’s Chigasaki Atsuko turned pale.<br/>
[How should I say this… There was something that looked like human arms growing out from both sides of its body… Uwwaaahhh… Disgusting… Honestly, it’s too disgusting no matter how I look at it…]<br/>
Moreover, it seems that there are several more of them in there.<br/>
There isn’t just one of them in there.<br/>
Most of the Heroes who have fallen back were intimidated.<br/>
It may be because of its grotesque appearance.<br/>
However, even if you were to put that aside, I could feel that this monster is strong.<br/>
Brutally strong.<br/>
Even with just a glance, I immediately knew it.<br/>
This monster is on a different level compared to the ones we’ve encountered in the Demon Zone.<br/>
No wonder that the Four Revered Saints immediately instructed us to fall back.<br/>
[………………]<br/>
Ssstt<br/>
Nyantan bent her upper body forward.<br/>
Flexible and elegant movements.<br/>
A stance where her upper body is closer to the ground than her buttocks.<br/>
Her snake sword on the back of her waist was now stretching out.<br/>
Her sword emitted light as it stood upright, pointing towards the sky.<br/>
It kind of resembles the pose of a cat that was intimidated.<br/>
Nyantan called out to Agito.<br/>
[I will deal with the one in the front.]<br/>
[Are you going to fight?]<br/>
[Yes, I will go.]<br/>
[Then, I will deal with the two following it. How about you, Abyss? Are you going to join?]<br/>
[But of course.]<br/>
The three people leading the fight look like they have enough composure against them.<br/>
I can’t help but gulp.<br/>
(Even before such a monster, they could afford to have composure like that…)<br/>
[Nuuuuuooonnnn!]<br/>
The pseudo-slug that had leaves and branches stuck on its viscous body began spreading out its tentacles.<br/>
With her body leaning forward, Nyantan charged.<br/>
A tentacle swooped down towards her.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(I can’t see it…)<br/>
Lashing towards them with a speed of sound, My eyes couldn’t follow its movements as its tentacles rampaged.<br/>
At best, I could only hear the sound of the empty air being slashed.<br/>
However, Nyantan keeps evading the tentacles just like an evasive cat.<br/>
The monster’s tentacles can’t catch her.<br/>
In the next moment— from the end of its tentacles, a blade suddenly sprang out.<br/>
A Grim Reaper’s scythe.<br/>
The shape of the blade kind of resembles that after it sprang out of the tentacle.<br/>
It looks like a boisterous dance of sickles.<br/>
It’s as if there was a horde of Kamaitachi jumping around in the air in ecstasy. (T/N: Sickle Weasel)<br/>
However, the speed of Nyantan’s sword isn’t any worse that the tentacle as she repelled the sickles hurling towards her.<br/>
No— On the contrary, she has been crushing the monster’s blades.<br/>
The quality of the sharpness and strength of their strikes were different.<br/>
And, a gaping hole opened up In the front part of its body.<br/>
If I were to base it on where those golden eyes were positioned, it appears that hole looks like its mouth—<br/>
[Ooggeerrororoooooo—!]<br/>
Bwwwuuuaaarrggghhhh!<br/>
It vomited.<br/>
The liquid that the monster vomited gushed out towards the ground.<br/>
Then, I could hear the sound of bubbles popping out on the ground.<br/>
The odor that invaded my nose.<br/>
It then manipulated its tentacles and tried leading her towards the strong acidic liquid it released earlier.<br/>
Even if it couldn’t capture her with its tentacles, it just thought of melting her with the acid it’s spewing out.<br/>
It’s a two-pronged attack.<br/>
That must have been the monster’s certain victory pattern huh.<br/>
However…<br/>
Nyantan had already disappeared from where the monster spewed that acid out.<br/>
(Ah—)<br/>
I finally saw where Nyantan is.<br/>
[Ooorrroooorororooonnnn~!?]<br/>
When did she move towards there?<br/>
Nyantan appeared behind the monster.<br/>
Just when the monster finally realized that its prey disappeared, all of its tentacles swooped towards the girl while she’s in mid-air.<br/>
With Nyantan in the center, her snake sword continuously expanded out as it spiralled around her.<br/>
The whole length of the blade ended up being much longer than the assaulting tentacles—<br/>
Whooossshhh!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Immediately after the sound of wind being torn reached my ears, several tentacles were sliced apart smoothly at the same time.<br/>
The sword that Nyantan handles.<br/>
It seems that its sharpness had been mysteriously increasing.<br/>
Just like a fierce raging snake, her sword amputated the monster’s tentacles.<br/>
Blood squirting out, the soft flesh of the monster began falling down on the ground one after another.<br/>
In the moment, her sword intensely glowed.<br/>
Her sword became even longer than before.<br/>
[Orooouuuaaaaaahhhhhh!?]<br/>
Thud!<br/>
Kneeling on the ground, Nyantan lands.<br/>
Behind her, her serpentine blade surrounded the monster just like a raging storm.<br/>
The monster tried to brush away the sword with its gigantic arm.<br/>
However, the arm it swung was amputated without the monster having any time to pull its arm back.<br/>
It was just a matter of seconds.<br/>
The monster ended up torn apart in pieces.<br/>
(A- Amazing…)<br/>
That’s not just the power of her mysterious sword (?).<br/>
The movements of Nyantan herself were absurdly sophisticated.<br/>
Even I could tell that.<br/>
I can’t help but be fascinated with the way she fights.<br/>
(That’s the power of a Vysis’ Apostle… R- Rather than relying on us Heroes, I think they should have just relied on people like her to defeat the Great Demon Emperor…)<br/>
With a composed expression on her face, Nyantan listlessly stands up.<br/>
And jauntily running past through her—<br/>
The Four Revered Saint’s Agito Angoon.<br/>
[As expected of the one who is said to be the strongest among the Vysis’ Apostles, Nyantan Kikeepat.]<br/>
[I’m sorry. I ended up killing it. I should have barely kept it alive since it could still be experience points for the Heroes.]<br/>
[It can’t be helped if it’s against a monster like this. When you slack off your guard, even a Vysis’ Apostle like you might end up getting hurt.]<br/>
Agito draws his sword.<br/>
In front of him, the pseudo-slug looks like he’s sliding as it approached.<br/>
The monster appears to be trying to use its gigantic arm to push against the ground like a brake stopping a speeding car, but it seems he wasn’t able to easily kill its momentum.<br/>
That monster that can’t stop its momentum ended up knocked down a thick tree in front of it.<br/>
And it grabbed that fallen tree with its gigantic arm.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I unintentionally cried out.<br/>
[Ah!]<br/>
The monster threw the tree in its hand towards Agito.<br/>
With a buzz, this tree looks like a sledgehammer as it draws near the eldest son of the Four Revered Saints with a tremendous speed.<br/>
Safely evading the hurled tree, Agito’s sword became tinged in a white light.<br/>
With his body and his sword prepared in a low position, Agito rushed towards the monster.<br/>
A chaotic wave of slashes assaulted him with the monster’s bladed tentacles.<br/>
But Agito evaded all of that.<br/>
Without even having to use his sword to deflect them.<br/>
In my eyes, I could only see Agito appearing and disappearing here and there.<br/>
[Naaaaahhaahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa—-!]<br/>
Irritated, the pseudo-slug bellowed in rage.<br/>
Raising a loud roar, the monster sprayed out acid from its mouth.<br/>
However, not a single drop hit Agito.<br/>
It didn’t even manage to melt the edges of his clothes.<br/>
A sword with a blade clad in light.<br/>
The blade’s length became much longer than the original length of the sword.<br/>
Aimed at the monster’s right shoulder, Agito raised his sword overhead.<br/>
Slightly gouging through even the ground below their feet, the monster split into two.<br/>
In the end, Agito split the Golden-eyed monster in half.<br/>
Slassshhh!<br/>
[After this, six more……—Hmm?]<br/>
Agito looked back.<br/>
He called out towards the eldest daughter Abyss.<br/>
[Abyss, some of the monsters changed directions. It seems that they’re changing their target to the Heroes in the rear.]<br/>
[Oh, I see. Leave it to me.]<br/>
[I’ll be counting on you.]<br/>
[Yeah.]<br/>
Warming up her body by making circles with her arm, Abyss walked towards the rear.<br/>
Nyantan also followed her.<br/>
Agito stayed in place and face the monsters in front.<br/>
There was another monster approaching in front of him.<br/>
[Now then, I should first get rid of this guy—]<br/>
[For a monster as weak as this, did you really tell me to fall back for that?]<br/>
Kirihara stood beside Agito.<br/>
[Kirihara.]<br/>
[I’ll show you what is just. When all is said and done, justice is all about—]<br/>
Kirihara held out both of his hands.<br/>
[Power.]<br/>
The third pseudo slug appeared.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[———–<Dragonic Buster>————]<br/>
A golden energy emitted out from both of Kirihara’s hands.<br/>
It looks like the raging monster had already set its target.<br/>
Its golden eyes— seems to catch Agito in its sight.<br/>
Kirihara swings his arm to the side.<br/>
Thereupon, the Dragon Wave he’s emitting curved in tandem with the movements of his arms.<br/>
Slaaassshhh!<br/>
The Dragon Wave pierced through its tentacles that was guarding its body.<br/>
And furthermore, it penetrated the monster’s body behind the tentacles.<br/>
The monster shrieked.<br/>
Just like a dragon flying around as it please, the Dragon Wave pierced through the monster’s body multiple times.<br/>
Eventually, the monster became full of holes.<br/>
A large amount of blood oozed out from each of the holes.<br/>
KIrihara looked towards the Heroes in the rear.<br/>
[My inherent skill has already reached Lv 4. Have you burned this into your eyes? This is—]<br/>
After giving a glance towards Agito, he ostentatiously spread out his arms.<br/>
[The future king’s power.]<br/>
Bwoooooomm!<br/>
At that moment—- the monster that was in death’s door burst into flames.<br/>
Black flames enveloped the monster.<br/>
Soon after, the monster is turned to cinders.<br/>
[I never thought that you’d just turn your back on it without finishing it off… Don’t you think that’s too negligent of you? That’s quite dangerous, Kirihara.]<br/>
[……………………Yasu.]<br/>
A dark shadow was cast on Kirihara’s face as he looked towards Yasu Tomohiro in front of him… just as if he’s looking at trash.<br/>
<Takao Itsuki POV><br/>
The corpses of several men were scattered around on the ground.<br/>
My Elder Sister, Takao Hijiri, was looking down on the corpses.<br/>
[It looks like there’s something over there.]<br/>
Still kneeling down on the ground, I looked towards the direction my Elder Sister pointed at.<br/>
[I think we’d better get back soon.]<br/>
Seeing an opportunity, the two of us temporarily separated from the other Heroes.<br/>
It was quite difficult to find an opportunity especially when Nyantan is looking towards us.<br/>
She was about to draw close to our direction to search for us, but something seemed to have happened and she returned back to the others.<br/>
[Itsuki.]<br/>
[Hmm?]<br/>
These fallen men weren’t killed by us.<br/>
They killed themselves.<br/>
Elder Sister crossed her supple arms.<br/>
[…………………]<br/>
Even though that movement of hers is just one simple action from her everyday life, I am fascinated with just seeing my Elder Sister stand right there.<br/>
[These guys… Do you have any thoughts about them? After we found them, they understood that they couldn’t run away from us and committed suicide… It’s just like those spies their who dedicated their entire being for their lord.]<br/>
[Hmm… You don’t feel like these people were sent by other countries in order to observe us?]<br/>
[Well, I don’t know about that.]<br/>
There wasn’t a single change in Elder Sister’s expression when she looked at these corpses.<br/>
My Elder Sister is as cool as usual.<br/>
No matter where we are, it would be always “the same as usual” as long as I’m with my Elder Sister.<br/>
Elder Sister expressed her personal opinion.<br/>
[All I could see though— is that these people were sent by the Goddess Vysis to set something up towards us in 2-C.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
