<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Chapter 135: At the Break of the Night<br/>
 <br/>
When we entered the ruins, we first unloaded our luggages.<br/>
It seems that the light from my leather bag is enough for the time being.<br/>
For the time being, I checked the room was indeed not as spacious as we thought.<br/>
There seems to be nothing to worry about.<br/>
It appears that this place were simply just a simple building.<br/>
After a brief search around the area, we had a quick dinner.<br/>
After dinner, we made a quick review for our plans tomorrow.<br/>
When that was over, we finally started to sleep.<br/>
 <br/>
[Let me help you take off your clothing.]<br/>
[I- I’m alright already… Nngghh]<br/>
 <br/>
Liz’s struggling voice.<br/>
Eve puts her hands on LIz’s clothing.<br/>
 <br/>
[Look at you now, don’t say I didn’t say anything.]<br/>
[……uuuu.]<br/>
 <br/>
In a village we stopped by on the way towards the Demon Zone.<br/>
I bought Liz’s clothing there.<br/>
This was supposedly something that a certain noble wanted to give to his beloved daughter, but was rejected.<br/>
Liz was still struggling to put on and take off this clothing.<br/>
A garment that didn’t take into account the ease of taking it off.<br/>
Even with how it’s made, it also didn’t take into account the pleasantness of wearing it when it’s time to sleep.<br/>
Therefore, taking it off was necessary so that it wouldn’t disturb her when it’s supposed to be time for her to be sound asleep.<br/>
However, this armor certainly has a high quality of durability in exchange.<br/>
These are some things that you could certainly get with money.<br/>
As expected though, the design of this armor looks a bit horrible…<br/>
I turned my back towards Liz as I took off my coat and sat beside Seras.<br/>
 <br/>
[I need to buy some proper clothing for Liz some time later.]<br/>
[I think that clothing suits her though.]<br/>
 <br/>
While combing her fascinating fine gold hair, Seras said.<br/>
Even when she came into the Demon Zone, she still cares about her appearance.<br/>
With my arm as a pillow, I laid down on the ground.<br/>
 <br/>
[In Liz’s case, even the material used to make it is good. Most of the clothing was only made to look good when you wear them. Even with that kind of clothing.]<br/>
 <br/>
Seras stopped combing her hair and put her index finger on her lips.<br/>
She appeared to be mulling about something as she looked upwards.<br/>
 <br/>
[That is… indeed how you say…]<br/>
[I think anything would fit with you no matter what you wear.]<br/>
[……Do you think so?]<br/>
[Yeah, that’s what I think.]<br/>
 <br/>
I turned my gaze to the side.<br/>
Seras looks like she’s lost in her thoughts.<br/>
She looks like she’s being nostalgic.<br/>
 <br/>
[What’s the matter?]<br/>
[Yeah,… It’s just that I was reminded of the princess-sama who often encouraged me to wear various outfits. She would always get her hand on new clothings and she would put them on me. Before I knew it, it ended up becoming the princess-sama’ hobby…]<br/>
[Well, you must have become quite the dress-up doll.]<br/>
 <br/>
It’s quite unusual for Seras to spontaneously talk about her past.<br/>
 <br/>
[Pakkyyyuuunn!]<br/>
[Pigii!]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The little Slei passed by in front of us.<br/>
There’s also Pigimaru riding on her back.<br/>
It looks like they’ve become good friends.<br/>
 <br/>
[Then, you must have been quite close with that princess-sama.]<br/>
[That’s also what I had thought.]<br/>
 <br/>
Seras has a really large misconception regarding the Holy King all these while.<br/>
Because of that situation, did she lose some confidence in her relationship with the princess-sama?<br/>
 <br/>
[……………….]<br/>
 <br/>
The princess-sama huh.<br/>
The princess of the Holy Kingdom of Neia where Seras once lived.<br/>
Speaking of which…<br/>
Isn’t that princess-sama arranged to be married towards Civit?<br/>
I wonder what happened to her now that Civit has died.<br/>
Perhaps, Seras might also be concerned about this.<br/>
She normally wouldn’t have emotions easily read by others.<br/>
 <br/>
[Seras, if you—]<br/>
[I pledged to swing my sword for your sake. So, please don’t worry about it.]<br/>
 <br/>
Anticipating what I would say, Seras spoke.<br/>
 <br/>
[Besides, if it’s the princess-sama, I’m sure she’ll be alright. She’s a wise person… I think she’s freely walking around even now.]<br/>
 <br/>
She seems to have a deep trust towards that princess-sama.<br/>
I look at Seras who had a good posture as she sat.<br/>
Her graceful appearance lightly covers her sorrows.<br/>
 <br/>
Just slightly.<br/>
 <br/>
She’s trying to not express her sorrow on her face.<br/>
IF you don’t closely observe her, you won’t be able to read the feelings she hid deep within herself.<br/>
 <br/>
She trusts the princess.<br/>
Therefore, please don’t worry about her.<br/>
 <br/>
[………………..]<br/>
 <br/>
That’s not the case at all.<br/>
Seras has been taken aback.<br/>
She wasn’t able to say anything as her eyes were swimming about.<br/>
I unintentionally blurted something unusual— or so her atmosphere says.<br/>
Her small lips open and close several times.<br/>
It appears that she wants to change the subject.<br/>
And— she can’t think of any topic to swerve the conversation to.<br/>
 <br/>
[Before we entered the ruins, did you see that thing that shone in the distance?]<br/>
 <br/>
Therefore, I brought up another topic myself.<br/>
 <br/>
[Ah… Y- Yes—- I’ve seen that but…]<br/>
 <br/>
For some reason, Seras’ upper body vigorously leaned closer.<br/>
I withdraw back a little.<br/>
 <br/>
[…What do you think of that light?]<br/>
[My guess would be that it’s a fight between monsters.]<br/>
[Do the monsters here also fight against each other?]<br/>
[If the Root of All Evil that created them were different, it is said that conflicts would still occur even between the Golden-eyed monsters. However, that theory has still yet to be proven.]<br/>
 <br/>
I look back on the things that Seras has taught me.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The Golden-eyed monsters that run rampant around the world have been created by the Root of All Evil for each successive generation.<br/>
 <br/>
The past Roots of All Evil has already been destroyed by the Heroes from Another World of that generation.<br/>
 <br/>
However, there were still some Golden-eyed monsters that they’ve created remaining that weren’t wiped out by the past Heroes.<br/>
 <br/>
And the majority of these monsters have either ran away towards the various underground ruins or into this Demon Zone.<br/>
 <br/>
[Funnn…. So, you’re saying that they would have discord among themselves if their “creator” was different huh.]<br/>
[Contrary to what others might expect though, compared to other living creatures around, there seems to be a stronger sense of family among the Golden-eyed monsters.]<br/>
 <br/>
I see.<br/>
So, they have a strong sense of companionship huh.<br/>
So it isn’t that there’s nonexistent, but there’s just hardly any conflicts among them.<br/>
 <br/>
[………………..]<br/>
[Touka-dono? What’s the matter?]<br/>
[Hmm? Ahh… No, it’s just that light…]<br/>
 <br/>
Weren’t from conflict between monsters.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’ve just thought that this pattern could possibly be where humans and demons were fighting against each other…]<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
The night has fallen.<br/>
 <br/>
Just before we went to bed, Seras suddenly looked meek.<br/>
 <br/>
“I wonder if the reason why Touka-dono doesn’t happily smile that much is because I’m such a boring High Elf…”<br/>
 <br/>
After confessing her hidden sorrows, all of the other members of the “Fly King Squadron”, other than Seras, oddly entered the ruins all at the same. Aside from this, we were able to spend the night without any problems.<br/>
 <br/>
Having checked the time, I put away my pocket watch.<br/>
It’s already morning outside.<br/>
 <br/>
After eating our breakfast, we reviewed today’s plans.<br/>
And after we finished our preparations, we decided to leave.<br/>
Seras and Liz were now working on their final luggages.<br/>
While wrapping Pigimaru around my body under my robe, I spoke towards the two of them.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’ll be going out with Eve first.]<br/>
[Understood. We’ll also be going after you soon.]<br/>
[Yeah— Let’s go, Eve.]<br/>
 <br/>
Eve finished wearing her leather belt.<br/>
 <br/>
[Umu.]<br/>
 <br/>
I walk towards the door to go outside.<br/>
A few distance away from Seras and the others, Eve who was walking next to me spoke.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[However… I was quite surprised last night. I’ve never thought that Seras would be worried about that.]<br/>
[Seras did tell some of her old stories yesterday… Perhaps, she has recalled some other things together with those memories.]<br/>
 <br/>
According to what she said last night…<br/>
 <br/>
“Seras-dono certainly is an unparalleled beauty and a very attractive woman, but she somewhat lacks a sense of humor.”<br/>
 <br/>
She was told as such by several nobles many times back when she was a Holy Knight.<br/>
 <br/>
[However, there are many other great things about Seras. There’s no need for Seras to humor those intolerable nobles anymore.]<br/>
 <br/>
“Umu”, said Eve as she crossed her arms.<br/>
 <br/>
[Nevertheless… I was also going to enumerate Seras’ strong points last night. It didn’t seem like Seras needed any comforting anymore. On the contrary, it feels like she became embarrassed…]<br/>
 <br/>
I scratched my head.<br/>
 <br/>
[I think you need to learn some more delicacy…]<br/>
[What? Delicacy, you say?]<br/>
[Even some of those parts that could be seen as strong points might be viewed as a source of trouble from the person herself. Those stuff may also be problems that the person herself had trouble responding with.]<br/>
 <br/>
It must be because the other person is Eve.<br/>
That’s why we’re open-minded with her personality.<br/>
Even Seras herself didn’t get angry with Eve.<br/>
“Grrrrrr…”, Eve let out a low growl.<br/>
 <br/>
[Did I do something wrong…? I truly have no idea…]<br/>
 <br/>
This is why Eve Speed was called thickheaded huh.<br/>
 <br/>
[By the way Eve, did you notice anything?]<br/>
 <br/>
She must have sensed the change in the tone of my voice.<br/>
The atmosphere around Eve tensed up.<br/>
 <br/>
[No, I still haven’t sensed anything… However, you must have felt something?]<br/>
[…Yeah.]<br/>
 <br/>
She still hasn’t noticed that presence huh.<br/>
It was just me who feels that something’s out of place.<br/>
Standing in front of the door, I pour my magic energy into the jewel.<br/>
 <br/>
[Eve, don’t go out immediately after the door opens.]<br/>
[…Acknowledged. I see— So, this is the reason why you said we would go out before Seras and the others huh.]<br/>
 <br/>
It seems that she finally noticed it now that we arrived “here”.<br/>
 <br/>
However, it was just me who had been slightly aware of that presence by the time we’ve just woken up.<br/>
 <br/>
How should I say this?<br/>
 <br/>
It’s like that person is intentionally removing its presence.<br/>
 <br/>
That’s what I felt about this…<br/>
 <br/>
———Rumble, rumble——–<br/>
 <br/>
The bright sunlight started coming in through the crevice of the door.<br/>
 <br/>
The door was now fully opened.<br/>
 <br/>
Clinging to the side of the door, Eve positioned somewhere she could hide herself.<br/>
I was also clinging to the other side of the door.<br/>
Towards the other side of this door should be the staircase heading downwards.<br/>
Slowly, I peeped outside and looked below.<br/>
 <br/>
“That” was standing at the end of the staircase.<br/>
 <br/>
The reason that only I felt its presence.<br/>
I felt like I somehow understood why.<br/>
Similarly peeping from the other side of the door, Eve gulps.<br/>
 <br/>
[———————-]<br/>
 <br/>
While still gazing towards that thing, it seems like she unconsciously stepped back.<br/>
 <br/>
[The Human-Faced.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
