<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[…….Fuuu, you really are a strange man. Not only were you composed in front of that Human-Faced, you even look happy for some reason.]<br/>
“U- Umu…” Eve growled.<br/>
[However, I could now understand the reason why you said that the Human-Faced’s attack won’t reach where we are. Nevertheless, that only tells us that we’re safe as long as we stay here. Unless we can figure out a way to beat that thing, we can’t move away from here.]<br/>
Eve’s words were plausible.<br/>
I look back into the room where we stayed last night.<br/>
[I don’t think we can expect any other escape route.]<br/>
There were no hidden doors within that room.<br/>
There was only an altar in the innermost part of the room.<br/>
Perhaps, this ruins doesn’t have any other roles aside from being used for rituals.<br/>
Therefore, it isn’t practical to go back inside and waste our time looking for another escape route.<br/>
[Do all of you mind if everyone just lives happily inside that moldy room for a while?]<br/>
I joked.<br/>
Eve’s ears twitched.<br/>
[Mhmm?  Do you mean to wait for that Human-Faced to leave?]<br/>
[……Well, we wouldn’t have any problem with food even when this turns into a war of attrition.]<br/>
We still have the food sent by my leather bag.<br/>
It would send us some once a day.<br/>
That food could then be shared with everyone.<br/>
With that, I think it would be possible to survive for a fairly long time.<br/>
[Though I say that, I don’t intend to do such a thing. I would be troubled if that as*hole conveniently dies with ease.]<br/>
I didn’t tell Eve about my revenge.<br/>
Therefore, I blurred some information with what I said.<br/>
Seras who was holding her arms to lighten up her nervousness, unassumingly raised her hand.<br/>
[Umm, how about using that combination ability you used before with Pigimaru-dono?]<br/>
[Pii.]<br/>
Pop!<br/>
Pigimaru’s protrusion popped out from under my robe.<br/>
I lightly pat the tip of the protrusion.<br/>
[Pyyuuuu~♪]<br/>
[Even if I use the combination ability that I used on those battles against the Black Dragon Knights and the Ashinto— I would probably lose against that thing in terms of speed. All of Pigimaru’s protrusion would end up just getting knocked down.]<br/>
On those two battles, I had the element of surprise.<br/>
On the other hand, I can’t make use of the element of surprise in our current situation.<br/>
Also, I doubt that I could even match the speed of the attack of its tentacles with my Paralyze.<br/>
If those tentacles were parts of the Human-Faced, it may be enough range for my Paralyze to reach.<br/>
I could set my skill to match with the tentacles that are going to approach when it attacks.<br/>
However, even the “return” of those tentacles were extraordinarily fast.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It’s the so-called super fast hit and away tactics.<br/>
The tentacles would have probably ran away from my range even before I could finish saying “Paralyze”.<br/>
The speed may have dropped sharply just before it is stored in the mouths of the faces with sewn eyes.<br/>
At that time though, my Abnormal State Skills won’t reach it anymore…<br/>
The opponent’s movement is even faster than the time it takes for me to fulfill the activation condition of speaking the name of my skill.<br/>
I also had the same problem back when I’m facing the Soul Eater.<br/>
That was my bottleneck at that time.<br/>
I’ve already had it in mind when I mentioned “losing in terms of speed” earlier.<br/>
The point is…<br/>
[The opponent doesn’t have any gaps.]<br/>
Yes, it is necessary for us to make a gap first.<br/>
With a meek expression on her face, Seras put her white hand on her mouth.<br/>
[Hmm… A gap huh…]<br/>
[Seras.]<br/>
[Eh? What is it?]<br/>
[Could you prepare your bow and arrows?]<br/>
[—Acknowledged.]<br/>
Seras started preparing her bow and arrows.<br/>
Eve asked.<br/>
[Touka, is she going to shoot arrows again?]<br/>
[Well, yeah. However, she will be aiming for another place.]<br/>
I point towards a distance a bit away from the Human-Faced.<br/>
Finished with her preparations, Seras stepped forward with the bow prepared in her hands.<br/>
[I’m going to shoot towards that place, right?]<br/>
[I’m not going to give any signal this time. I will leave the timing to you.]<br/>
[Understood.]<br/>
Seras draws her bow to the limit.<br/>
[……………..]<br/>
No matter how many times I look at it, just the act of drawing her bow makes her look like she’s really in a painting.<br/>
In other words, her form was that beautiful.<br/>
There wasn’t any distortion in her movements.<br/>
Is it the characteristic of elves who are good with bow and arrows?<br/>
Or perhaps, is it the result of having a personality that doesn’t have any distortion?<br/>
It’s a big difference from me who is already distorted.<br/>
In the next moment…<br/>
Whizz!<br/>
The arrow has been released.<br/>
Swwoooppp—- Smasshhhh!<br/>
The arrow was shattered into pieces again.<br/>
[………….Heeeeh.]<br/>
When the Human-Faced first shattered the arrow with its tentacles, I had estimated its range based on what I see.<br/>
And the place where I told her to fire her arrow this time is outside its range.<br/>
How would it react with such an action?<br/>
The Human-Faced responded to the flying arrow, slightly moving from where it stood before crushing the arrow.<br/>
It doesn’t seem like it would just remain sitting there.<br/>
And, there’s one more thing I wanted to check—<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[Good, good… It has moved from its place.]<br/>
The speed of its movement.<br/>
We’ve yet to see the Human-Faced itself move from its place.<br/>
Would it be quick?<br/>
Or would it be slow?<br/>
I wanted to know about this.<br/>
And…<br/>
[It seems just outrunning it would also be difficult…]<br/>
Even with its large body, it’s unpleasantly fast.<br/>
If it were slow on its feet, we could have just escaped.<br/>
Or perhaps, we could even easily use something as a decoy.<br/>
[As expected of the Human-Faced… It has specs that fits its reputation as the most frightening monster. However…]<br/>
When it moved, something delayed it.<br/>
“Something” that could potentially be a clue to killing the Human-Faced.<br/>
I placed my hand over my mouth.<br/>
My index finger crisply moved.<br/>
What could it be?<br/>
What is it that delayed it?<br/>
I need to remember.<br/>
The moment when the Human-Faced moved and attacked…<br/>
[———–I see.]<br/>
Now, I understand.<br/>
I found it— the chance that I need.<br/>
Seras gazed at the tentacles of the Human-Faced.<br/>
Pondering, she murmured.<br/>
[That time when it struck that arrow just now… Something’s different from the first one, something out of place…]<br/>
As expected of the well-known Princess Knight.<br/>
It seems Seras also didn’t overlook “that moment”.<br/>
[Seras.]<br/>
Looking at the tentacles returning back to the mouths of the faces with sewn eyes, I said.<br/>
[Your hunch is right.]<br/>
I pick up a pebble near my feet.<br/>
And then, vigorously threw the stone in its direction.<br/>
When that pebble hit the surface of the stairway, it bounced a bit before falling.<br/>
[Eh?]<br/>
Baffled, Seras frowned.<br/>
[It didn’t move this time……?]<br/>
The Human-Faced didn’t even react towards the flying stone.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[Muumuuu…. Muuuuunnnn…. mmuuuuu…]<br/>
It was just groaning creepily like before.<br/>
[I see. If it’s too far from its tentacles, it won’t react huh.]<br/>
It won’t just reflexively react to every single thing by hitting it with its tentacle huh.<br/>
Or is it because I don’t really have the intention of attacking it with the stone before?<br/>
After it ascertained the intent, it would then possibly decide whether to move or not.<br/>
If that is so, it is necessary for us to make a move that it could determine as an “attack”.<br/>
[Pigimaru.]<br/>
[Pigii!]<br/>
Instructing Pigimaru, we started our preparations.<br/>
[Touka-dono? As I thought… You’re going to use that power?]<br/>
————Crreeeeaaaakkkkk—————<br/>
[I certainly won’t be able to win against it if I did the same thing I did in those battles against Civit and the Ashinto. However… After I saw the Human-Faced’s movement earlier, I thought of a means through this.]<br/>
Troublesome attacks seem to be meaningless against the Human-Faced.<br/>
Therefore, this battle would be settled in just a really short time.<br/>
————Crreeeeaaaakkkkk—————<br/>
As long as I could see the bright light of victory, I no longer need to be stingy with my methods anymore.<br/>
The turning point of this match is in just a moment—<br/>
[Mhmm… This form, I’ve only heard of it from Seras before but…]<br/>
[Hmm? Ah, speaking of which, this should be the first time Eve had seen our combination technique huh.]<br/>
[U- Umu. Is it alright to say that this form is a fusion of humans and monsters… I see. So this is the power that has destroyed that Ashinto?]<br/>
[Rather than fusion, it feels more like a “connection”. Well… I also feel like this looks like a fusion.]<br/>
————Crreeeeaaaakkkkk—————<br/>
Alright.<br/>
Preparations complete.<br/>
[Seras, can I ask you to shoot your arrow over there again?]<br/>
[Once more? Understood.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Seras takes out an arrow from the quiver on her shoulder.<br/>
I then went close to her ear.<br/>
[Could you shoot it just barely outside of its range? I want to make it think that you have the intention of attacking it as much as possible.]<br/>
I asked with a whisper.<br/>
Just in case that the Human-Faced could understand what it hears.<br/>
Preparing her bow, Seras whispers back.<br/>
[No problem. So, it would be better if I release my fighting spirit, right? Then, please leave it to me.]<br/>
I finished leaving that task to her.<br/>
After my signal, Seras would fire an arrow again.<br/>
Her target would still be the same place as last time.<br/>
Somewhere a little bit out of range from the Human-Faced’s tentacles—–<br/>
[!]<br/>
Seras became surprised after she shot her arrow.<br/>
On the other hand— My attack which had already been prepared also failed.<br/>
[Pii?]<br/>
[……It also didn’t move this time huh.]<br/>
The first arrow was struck by the tentacle.<br/>
However, it didn’t respond to the second arrow.<br/>
This b*stard…<br/>
[It also decided that it didn’t need to move for this huh.]<br/>
It may have sensed that we were trying to infer something.<br/>
Unlike the pebble that I’ve thrown before, she should have released her fighting spirit towards that thing…<br/>
I see.<br/>
This Human-Faced isn’t as thick headed as I thought.<br/>
[In the end…]<br/>
I looked back— towards Slei behind me.<br/>
[From now on, we need to make an “attack worthy to make it take out its tentacles”.]<br/>
Not just a fake, but a “real attack”.<br/>
It can’t be helped.<br/>
At that moment, Slei trotted forward.<br/>
[Pakkyyuuu~]<br/>
She turned her crystal part that functions as her magic supply towards me.<br/>
[…………….]<br/>
Wait, don’t tell me…<br/>
Did it manage to know what I was planning to do now?<br/>
[……Slei, I’m going to apologize for now.]<br/>
[Pakyuu!]<br/>
Its cry was filled with excitement.<br/>
There weren’t any complaints nor fear.<br/>
Fuuuuuu…<br/>
A small smile spontaneously leaked out.<br/>
In this situation, how can it behave like this?<br/>
As much as I’m thankful, I kind of dislike how it could have such courage…<br/>
The only thing I could see from Slei’s eyes was trust.<br/>
That is… absolute trust in me.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[……………..]<br/>
Even if it hurts my heart, I don’t have any choice but to rely on Slei.<br/>
I turned around.<br/>
[Seras, Eve, I am now going to—]<br/>
[Touka.]<br/>
Eve grabbed my shoulder.<br/>
[That role, leave that to me.]<br/>
It seems that they’ve also realized what I was thinking.<br/>
Eve walked around outside the ruins.<br/>
[That guy won’t move with just a half-hearted trick anymore.]<br/>
[……Are you sure?]<br/>
[Fufu, even so, I was still the person who was once called as the “Strongest” Blood Champion in Monroy. Moreover—]<br/>
Eve looked towards Slei.<br/>
[I am far more superior to you in handling horses.]<br/>
That is… a fact that I can’t refute.<br/>
[……It would be dangerous.]<br/>
[Fuuuu— Of course, I fully know that. Besides, even you yourself should know about it already. The more you concentrate on that single move of yours, the better our chance of winning will be.]<br/>
“Fuuuu….” I exhaled.<br/>
[I understand.]<br/>
Whether it’s Slei or Eve…<br/>
It seems both of their decisions were resolved.<br/>
I deepened my connection with Pigimaru once more.<br/>
———–Creeeaaakkk, cccrrraaaacccckkkk, Plop———-<br/>
I can’t afford to lose the two of them in this place.<br/>
Without a doubt.<br/>
[Slei, Eve.]<br/>
Just like an oath, I said.<br/>
[I am also fully resolved.]<br/>
I started supplying my magic energy into Slei’s jewel.<br/>
This would be a certain kill.<br/>
I would kill it without exception.<br/>
[——————————–]<br/>
Against the Human-Faced, commence attack.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
