<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[Is it effective…?]<br/>
It rarely works on lower-level monsters.<br/>
That’s how Abnormal State Endowment works.<br/>
That’s what the goddess said.<br/>
Is it that minotaur have lower-level?<br/>
It’s different.<br/>
There’s no way strong heroes and warriors would be dispatched to this place just for lower-leveled monsters.<br/>
That’s what my reasoning think so.<br/>
With a miracle-like probability, I succeeded.<br/>
<br/>
It happened.<br/>
A miracle.<br/>
I remembered the words of that goddess.<br/>
The duration of endowed Abnormal State is short.<br/>
It’s short.<br/>
I have to hurry up and escape.<br/>
I get up quickly.<br/>
And started running.<br/>
[Hah… ah–hah…~]<br/>
Thank god I can finally rest.<br/>
I was able to recover some of my physical strength.<br/>
This miracle,<br/>
Do I just let it go away?<br/>
[Wah~ ahahaha! Wa~ ahahafu–!]<br/>
Sh*t.<br/>
I was short of breath.<br/>
Physical strength correction?<br/>
Speed correction?<br/>
If I were a higher-level hero, I would have had more stamina.<br/>
Damn it.<br/>
[Zeehhh…~ Zehhh…~]<br/>
I closed my mouth with my hand.<br/>
I can’t suppress the sound of my breathing.<br/>
Anyway..<br/>
Where is this?<br/>
I timidly turned around.<br/>
I’m checking my back.<br/>
It’s not chasing.<br/>
Did I shake it off?<br/>
My feet hurts.<br/>
Probably because of fatigue.<br/>
I slowly slouched in place.<br/>
I touch my knees and ankles.<br/>
I think it’s not sprained.<br/>
Even if it’s just a little while, should I rest for a bit?<br/>
And then head towards above ground.<br/>
Somehow, above ground–<br/>
[Okay.]<br/>
I will raise my dignity.<br/>
I will become firm.<br/>
That’s right.<br/>
That’s extremely right.<br/>
There’s no reason not to.<br/>
After all,<br/>
But that story is after I’ve left the transfer territory.<br/>
I’m going to leave.<br/>
Of course, there are other monsters.<br/>
[Guiii~rrruuuu~! Birrrriiii~! Bi pa pi ko kkkooo~! Pi ko pi ko~! Ko kkeeee~!!! Koo kkeeee~!!!]<br/>
What is this thing…?<br/>
Its head is— clattering.<br/>
It’s like that doll I’ve seen before.<br/>
What is this?<br/>
A bird-like monster?<br/>
Is this that cockatrice?<br/>
It does look like that?<br/>
I mean, it’s head definitely looks like some bird.<br/>
It developed some deformity somewhere and grown really big.<br/>
No… is that a horn?<br/>
Even though it had that bird-like head.<br/>
And it has a four-armed humanoid body from the neck down.<br/>
It looks creepy.<br/>
I know that’s not how a cockatrice looks.<br/>
It’s skin is the same as the minotaur.<br/>
An orange line that looks like its blood vessels is on it’s black skin.<br/>
[O kko nni~~ yaa~~ ppaa pppii kkkooeee~]<br/>
Every time it clucks like a bird with it’s weird voice,<br/>
Dripping acid were released from the hole in its body.<br/>
Bicha~<br/>
Becha~ tsu,<br/>
Shuwashuwashuwa…<br/>
The bird head’s round eyes look down on me.<br/>
Gyoro~<br/>
[Pii kko~ ppaa rrrii~~ kkkoo pppii. kkkkooookkkkooookkkoookkkooo~ Kkkkooooeeee~!!!]<br/>
Sloppily.<br/>
Drool began to drip from the bird head.<br/>
Does this guy plan to eat me?<br/>
[O kkorrri~ ppoo rrooo~ kkoo rrooo rroor rooo rooo rrrrooo~ ppaa ppiii kkkooo pppiii kkkooo~ ppaa pppii kkkoo~ kkooo rroo kkkoo kkkkooeee~! kkoooeee!! Kkkkoooee!!! Kkkoo rrooo rorooororororororororoorrrooo~!!!]<br/>
An ear-piercing high-pitched cry.<br/>
It’s four arms move like an eagle.<br/>
Its huge claws are no joke.<br/>
If you’re scratched by that– serious injury is inevitable.<br/>
Can I escape?<br/>
No… that’s impossible.<br/>
I know.<br/>
I didn’t even feel its presence.<br/>
The minotaur’s speed.<br/>
Reflexes.<br/>
And all the other things.<br/>
It’s on a different league.<br/>
Now, I don’t care anymore about Kirihara and the other’s peace of mind.<br/>
If I were to choose on of them as an enemy, I won’t hesitate to choose the <Dragonic Buster>.<br/>
A roar not made out of spite.<br/>
From that monster, came–<br/>
Killing intent.<br/>
Pure,<br/>
Authentic,<br/>
Genuine killing intent.<br/>
They may not have found any special reason for killing.<br/>
Killing for it to eat?<br/>
Killing for it to live?<br/>
Whatever it is– Just killing intent.<br/>
I don’t think this bird head is any way weaker than that minotaur.<br/>
It’s certainly strong.<br/>
Probably all the monsters in this level are–<br/>
Brutal enough to kill all those strong people who were disposed.<br/>
I thought I’m out of my previous predicament.<br/>
But,<br/>
Here’s a second predicament.<br/>
<br/>
Everyone would have died.<br/>
The sent heroes and warriors.<br/>
They must have been killed.<br/>
By the monsters of this ruins.<br/>
Losing in the end.<br/>
Strong as you may be.<br/>
Even if you somehow kill one of them.<br/>
Another one is coming.<br/>
There’s many of them.<br/>
You’d be exhausted in the end and use up all your strength.<br/>
Your physical strength.<br/>
Your willpower.<br/>
I don’t like this.<br/>
I don’t want to die,<br/>
I don’t want to die,<br/>
I don’t want to die.<br/>
I unconsciously raised my arms again.<br/>
It’s like feeling on depending to a wish.<br/>
[–<Paralyze>–]<br/>
Miracles, you see…<br/>
They’re called miracles because they’re…<br/>
Miracles.<br/>
No matter the circumstances, they won’t occur twice–<br/>
[Gggoooo— ppiiii– ggggii…]<br/>
I opened my eyes.<br/>
[Eh?]<br/>
My mouth opened wide.<br/>
[It worked…?]<br/>
Is it unable to move?<br/>
It looks like the bird head is sweating somehow.<br/>
It’s desperately trying to move.<br/>
However, it can’t move for some reason.<br/>
That’s how I think.<br/>
It worked?<br/>
The miracle worked twice?<br/>
The endowment?<br/>
The paralysis.<br/>
Praying that the stopped four don’t suddenly move and extend its arms to me,<br/>
I pass through the side of the bird head.<br/>
And when the bird head is completely behind me,<br/>
I run.<br/>
With all of my strength.<br/>
At that time, a hypothesis came to my mind.<br/>
It’s like a revelation.<br/>
There’s no way, I thought.<br/>
But I thought.<br/>
Miracles are miracles because they rarely happen.<br/>
If it happened twice in a row, people will not call it a miracle.<br/>
For example,<br/>
If the success of the two skills are not a miracle–<br/>
Then is it a certainty?<br/>
The unique skills of Mimori Touka.<br/>
Abnormal State Endowment.<br/>
It succeeded twice.<br/>
To the monsters in this ruins.<br/>
Minotaur won’t be able to chase me.<br/>
The bird head also won’t be able to chase me.<br/>
For example,<br/>
Supposing,<br/>
Supposing, for example–<br/>
If this world’s skill and my otherworldly skill were completely different things.<br/>
Regardless of monster grade.<br/>
If the probability of success is very high.<br/>
If the duration that it works is very long.<br/>
[If so, then…]<br/>
Looking back behind towards the bird head.<br/>
[I may survive in this ruins.]<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
