<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
For starters, we would be— spreading it out.<br/>
 <br/>
Towards those flock of demons approaching from behind us.<br/>
I spread Pigimaru’s tentacles towards the monsters leading the group.<br/>
With my position facing towards them, those monsters were now in my field of vision.<br/>
 <br/>
[Let’s do it.]<br/>
 <br/>
Swwwoooooossshhhhh——–!<br/>
 <br/>
Pigimaru’s tentacles morphed.<br/>
Those tentacles bloomed in mid-air.<br/>
A large amount of those thin tentacles flew out in the air.<br/>
Just like countless missiles fired—-<br/>
 <br/>
Aiming towards those monsters kicking off the ground, those discharged tentacles chaotically assaulted.<br/>
 <br/>
[——<Berserk>——-]<br/>
[Gooooonnnoooooooohhhhhh—–!  Uuu! Uuuiiii! Gooooooooohhhhh!]<br/>
 <br/>
Several shouts of the Human-Faced blended along with the activation of my skill.<br/>
Towards the Human-Faced that were caught in my field of view.<br/>
Several tentacles were collectively “annihilated” by one of them.<br/>
By a Human-Faced that was breathing out fire.<br/>
However…<br/>
 <br/>
[Uruuguuaaaahhhhh!]<br/>
[Gigaruueeeaarruuuaaaahhh—-!?]<br/>
 <br/>
There were still some changes that happened behind us.<br/>
My skill has been able to “reach” some of them.<br/>
I’ve successfully invoked Berserk to the monsters.<br/>
They began to attack the surrounding monsters without any distinctions.<br/>
I could feel the vibrations flowing from Slei’s body with each of her kicks to the ground.<br/>
While feeling comfortable for some reason, I muttered.<br/>
 <br/>
[Go, crush them.]<br/>
 <br/>
Incidentally, the effect of the Gem of Voice Amplification has already ended.<br/>
Unfortunately, those words I’ve said just now won’t be able to reach the monsters.<br/>
I checked the semi-transparent status floating in front of my sight.<br/>
I still have some MP to spare.<br/>
 <br/>
[We have quite the good start huh.]<br/>
 <br/>
However, we obviously couldn’t say that we have successfully subjugated them.<br/>
The monsters following behind the leading group were mercilessly trampled down by the monsters I’ve invoked <Berserk> on.<br/>
 <br/>
Bitten to shreds…<br/>
Poked holes through their bodies…<br/>
Pulverized…<br/>
Torn into pieces…<br/>
 <br/>
Neither bewilderment, hesitation, nor any emotions.<br/>
The monsters’ ear-piercing screams resounded out all over the place.<br/>
 <br/>
It was as if I was watching the decisive battle between fellow monsters.<br/>
 <br/>
I brought forth even more tentacles and chaotically lashed towards them.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It’s time for the second wave— of invoking Berserk.<br/>
 <br/>
[<Berserk>]<br/>
 <br/>
That tentacle attack I used against that Smiling Mask in front of that ruins we spent a night in.<br/>
While I’ve converged the tentacles into one, I could control it more effectively compared to when I’m controlling multiple tentacles.<br/>
However, if it’s times like this where I had to fight several opponents, it would be fine even when I lose control of them.<br/>
 <br/>
I invoked Berserk towards several of them.<br/>
 <br/>
[Gurruuuooooooaaaaaaahhhhhhh——–!]<br/>
[Gigigyyyooooooeeeeeeehhhhh——–!?]<br/>
 <br/>
The monsters who have fallen into <Berserk> state again started attacking their fellow monsters.<br/>
It’s like seeing their own kind running in front of you suddenly losing its sanity and swoops down on you.<br/>
Some of the monsters were confused upon seeing this.<br/>
However, they immediately moved on to a battle for their own survival.<br/>
 <br/>
Survival instinct.<br/>
 <br/>
It’s kill rather than be killed.<br/>
 <br/>
That is their instinct.<br/>
I pointed towards the monsters who were fiercely fighting behind us.<br/>
That’s right…<br/>
 <br/>
[If you want to survive, kill as much as you want.]<br/>
 <br/>
Slei raises her speed.<br/>
 <br/>
Her eight tough hooves trample on the ground more violently.<br/>
I gazed behind our backs.<br/>
Contrary to what might have been expected.<br/>
 <br/>
[———It wouldn’t be that easy dealing with them huh. As I thought.]<br/>
 <br/>
They’re coming out of that horde.<br/>
 <br/>
Many…<br/>
Many…<br/>
Many more.<br/>
 <br/>
I can’t be bothered with the monsters that I’ve already invoked <Berserk> on.<br/>
The most particularly remarkable of them were the Human-Faced.<br/>
The Human-Faced crushed all the tentacles that were approaching from all sides at the same time.<br/>
As a matter of course, the monsters near them would also be unaffected with my skill.<br/>
 <br/>
[Uuiiiii! Uiiiiiiiiiii! Goooooooohhhhhhhhh—–!]<br/>
 <br/>
The fire-breathing Human-Faced in the leading group are also burning away the tentacles beside the nearby monsters.<br/>
 <br/>
I clicked my tongue.<br/>
 <br/>
[Some of the ones leading the group would be able to see through the distance of my range…]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
When and in which timing should they crush those tentacles.<br/>
There should be several Human-Faced that understood this already.<br/>
There are some clever bunch mixed in among the Human-Faced huh.<br/>
Moreover, there were even some of them protecting the Golden-eyed monsters that weren’t Human-Faced.<br/>
Having said that though, It’s more likely that these weren’t compassion to their comrades.<br/>
Yes— They were disposable pieces.<br/>
If you make your disposable pieces scatter about, it’s possible that an opening would appear on the prey’s attention.<br/>
They would use all the things that they could make use of.<br/>
I could see it—- Their ruthless plans.<br/>
 <br/>
[Well—-]<br/>
 <br/>
Inside the mask, a smile spontaneously curved up on my mouth.<br/>
 <br/>
[That’s what I would also do if I were in your standpoint.]<br/>
 <br/>
Now then, unto the next part.<br/>
The effect of the combination of my multiple tentacles and <Berserk> has become less effective.<br/>
I can’t keep battling the same way.<br/>
 <br/>
I started bringing forth three times more new tentacles.<br/>
 <br/>
The number of the ones leading the group hasn’t changed much.<br/>
It’s because there would be someone replacing them after they fall.<br/>
It’s like even when a hole was created, the other parts would immediately fill in the gaps.<br/>
 <br/>
……..Well, fine.<br/>
 <br/>
Currently, I should hit those guys that were far spread out to the left and right.<br/>
They’re the newcomers who have just filled up the gaps from the leading group.<br/>
 <br/>
[—–<Paralyze>—–]<br/>
[Hi! Hiiiieeeehh!? Hiiiiiiieeeeeeehhhhhhhh!?]<br/>
 <br/>
Following that shriek (?), a change happened among the leading group.<br/>
A reaction that’s different from before.<br/>
 <br/>
“If you approach that tentacle, your allies would attack you.”<br/>
 <br/>
That was the understanding imprinted on their minds.<br/>
But this time, the movements of several of their comrades suddenly “stopped”.<br/>
The monsters…<br/>
 <br/>
“……Eh? Why did you suddenly stop attacking?”<br/>
 <br/>
…or so their reactions look like.<br/>
It’s different compared to before.<br/>
This “unexpectedly” temporarily stopped the monsters from moving.<br/>
 <br/>
Changing the fixed pattern for another fixed pattern.<br/>
 <br/>
It’s also a good way of making use of stacking my skills.<br/>
You could find similar techniques in martial arts, sports or even stand-up comedy.<br/>
This abruptness— is an effective means of battling.<br/>
 <br/>
However, I’m still fighting against Golden-eyed monsters that could immediately get back to their fierce attacks at any time.<br/>
 <br/>
That sudden halt had only earned me a few seconds.<br/>
Those monsters that had been paralyzed were cruelly crushed by the monsters before them without any way for them to get away…<br/>
 <br/>
Most of all, the Human-Faced in the leading group who have been intercepting the attacks of my tentacles—-<br/>
 <br/>
—Are still alive.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I looked in front of us.<br/>
The scenery hasn’t changed yet.<br/>
Trees, forest, groves.<br/>
It’s likely that this scenery would continue for a while.<br/>
I imagine my current position in my mind.<br/>
I should have been successful in pulling them away from Seras and the others.<br/>
Thin branches blocking our path snapped apart as we continued going straight ahead.<br/>
 <br/>
[————–Tsk.]<br/>
 <br/>
These large amounts of monsters moving towards me weren’t the only ones that I’ve lured in huh.<br/>
I could feel presences not just from behind us.<br/>
 <br/>
Monsters have started gathering towards me from other directions.<br/>
 <br/>
I’ve already dealt with some of the monsters in the previous group after some troubles but—–<br/>
 <br/>
I ended up being surrounded by monsters from all directions again.<br/>
 <br/>
There were already some deviations from my original plan.<br/>
The plan was that I would scatter my skill towards the ones behind my back, stop their movement and pull away from them.<br/>
And once I have got a far enough distance away from them, I would hide.<br/>
After letting some time pass, I would return back and meet up where Seras and the others are…<br/>
That plan ended up bursting into bubbles though.<br/>
If possible, I would like to avoid having to fight these monsters in mid to close range.<br/>
However, in this kind of situation… It’s hard to say if I could keep it like that.<br/>
Perhaps, I need to get through the group by breaking through one point.<br/>
 <br/>
[Pigimaru, Slei.]<br/>
 <br/>
The two of them briefly responded to my call.<br/>
 <br/>
[Can you still go on?]<br/>
 <br/>
The both of them showed affirmation.<br/>
However, I could see that they’re somewhat overdoing it already.<br/>
……How long would they be able to hold on?<br/>
 <br/>
[Hmm?]<br/>
 <br/>
I saw the status display floating in front of my sight.<br/>
 <br/>
——This is bad.<br/>
 <br/>
My remaining amount of MP is steadily decreasing.<br/>
At that time…<br/>
 <br/>
Pitter, patter…<br/>
 <br/>
It began to drizzle.<br/>
The weather looks ominous.<br/>
It seems that my situation has been getting worse and worse.<br/>
 <br/>
Shuuuuuaaaaahhhhhh……<br/>
 <br/>
The rain began to get stronger.<br/>
The weight of each raindrop also got heavier.<br/>
 <br/>
Raindrops began hammering down on the nearby leaves like a multitude of spears falling down on the ground.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The sound of rain blocked my hearing and dulled my sense of distance.<br/>
I made Slei pull over.<br/>
Shaking her body, Slei flung away the water off her body.<br/>
Water was dripping down the tactile part of the mask.<br/>
I could hear a large amount of footsteps coming from a distance.<br/>
They’re approaching from all directions.<br/>
Through the curtain of rain blurring my vision, a smoke of dust floating about on the other side.<br/>
That’s what I could see from behind my Fly King’s mask.<br/>
The raindrops dripping one after another converged near the eye section of my mask and ceaseless began flowing down towards the ground…<br/>
 <br/>
Experience Points.<br/>
 <br/>
I could level up by acquiring them.<br/>
 <br/>
Currently, I don’t have any other means of recovering my Mp other than sleeping.<br/>
In this current battle, combining with Pigimaru is indispensable.<br/>
 <br/>
While we’re combined, the speed of the decrease of my MP rapidly increases.<br/>
Even if I have lots of MP, I can’t continue fighting for more than 30 minutes if my MP were to reduce this fast…<br/>
 <br/>
The only way that I could continue fighting is by levelling-up.<br/>
 <br/>
The Human-Faced which gives a large amount of experience.<br/>
If I were to keep on killing them and my level continuously increases—-<br/>
 <br/>
[No… As expected, that would be too absurd.]<br/>
 <br/>
I immediately denied the idea that came out of my mind.<br/>
Following that plan would also put myself in danger at the same time.<br/>
 <br/>
As far as things go, I must keep a certain margin away from the monsters.<br/>
 <br/>
Why is that?<br/>
It’s because of the things I understood from my investigations in the Disposal Ruins.<br/>
 <br/>
“If I’m not within a certain distance, I will not be able to receive the experience points from the monsters at the time it dies.”<br/>
 <br/>
Therefore…<br/>
I turned around.<br/>
 <br/>
[In that case, I need to go back a bit to where I came from…]<br/>
 <br/>
It would be a “half-limited battle” where I would fight while making sure of the distance where I could still acquire the experience points.<br/>
 <br/>
[……If I say I’m going to do that, will you two still follow me?]<br/>
 <br/>
The tentacles movements became more lively in an instant.<br/>
Slei also vigorously kicked on the ground with her forefeet.<br/>
 <br/>
[Pigyyiiii!]<br/>
[Bururururururuuuuuu!]<br/>
 <br/>
Without any hesitation, the both of them responded in agreement.<br/>
I crook my neck to the side.<br/>
 <br/>
Crackle…<br/>
 <br/>
Really……<br/>
 <br/>
[I’m really blessed with my friends.]<br/>
 <br/>
There’s the sinister army of monsters chasing us from the direction where we came from.<br/>
 <br/>
Turning towards that direction, I would go stand off against them in the front.<br/>
 <br/>
Looking towards them, I noticed that there were some mud clinging on my hand.<br/>
 <br/>
Swish—<br/>
 <br/>
Swinging my arm, I shook off the mud in my hand.<br/>
 <br/>
With the mud off my hand, I looked towards the approaching flock of monsters.<br/>
 <br/>
[Let’s go.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
