<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Mud violently flung everywhere.<br/>
 <br/>
However, the kick of the black horse’s hooves pierce through the mud and our pace was reliably steady.<br/>
 <br/>
Has the temperature gotten lower?<br/>
The breath leaked out from Slei’s mouth like a white smoke as it drifted to our backs.<br/>
Seeing us suddenly turning and heading straight towards them, the monsters showed bewilderment for a moment.<br/>
However, they were now already…<br/>
 <br/>
“Did the prey finally decide to stop running away?”<br/>
 <br/>
—delighted as they too advanced towards us.<br/>
 <br/>
Tugging on her bridle, I directed Slei to turn to the left.<br/>
 <br/>
With Pigimaru’s tentacles, I scattered out my Abnormal State Skill diagonally to the right.<br/>
A group of monsters followed suit as we changed our direction.<br/>
Some of the monsters magnificently slipped in the mud.<br/>
Everytime the monsters rolled over, mud wrapped around their body as if forming a shell around them.<br/>
However, the monsters who had fallen were just a drop in the ocean compared to the amount of monsters following behind them.<br/>
There were only a few of them who have fallen to the side.<br/>
……This would be a tough battle just for one person.<br/>
 <br/>
[Do you like acting like a human that much, you bastards?]<br/>
 <br/>
Perhaps, these Golden-eyed monsters really like them— Humans, that is.<br/>
At that time back when I was in the Disposal Ruins, I had vaguely noticed it.<br/>
Those monsters’ attachment to humans.<br/>
It may not just be limited to the monsters in that ruins.<br/>
“Humans” were mouth-watering toys for monsters and the Human-Faced.<br/>
 <br/>
They have high intelligence.<br/>
 <br/>
Sometimes, they would possess a sacred noble will.<br/>
Some other times, they would express their ugly, evil emotions.<br/>
 <br/>
Whether it’s breaking them…<br/>
Damaging them…<br/>
Playing with them…<br/>
 <br/>
They’re the perfect toys that they could ever have.<br/>
 <br/>
Their targets may even include Elves or Leopardkins.<br/>
 <br/>
[Well, there are also Humans that want to make other Humans into their toys……—– <Dark>]<br/>
 <br/>
The monster who has lost its sight falls down on the mud.<br/>
 <br/>
Splasshhhh!<br/>
 <br/>
Abnormal State Skill.<br/>
Range.<br/>
Effect.<br/>
Within these two points, <Paralyze> would be the easiest one to use.<br/>
The skill’s maximum range.<br/>
There’s a wide range of choices I could pick on how to deal with them after I paralyzed them.<br/>
However, this skill has a weak point that would sometimes become fatal for me.<br/>
 <br/>
In order to activate a skill, it is necessary for me to speak the skill name with a certain volume in it.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
And, <Paralyze> is the only “three syllable skill” among my skills.<br/>
(T/N: Originally five character skill for pa-ra-ra-i-zu)<br/>
 <br/>
That means— It takes more time to invoke this skill compared to my other skills.<br/>
 <br/>
I have tried rapidly speaking its name before to invoke it in the past.<br/>
However, it didn’t invoke.<br/>
I need some adjustment in the speed when you speak of this skill’s name.<br/>
In short, “quick-casting this skill by rapidly speaking” isn’t possible.<br/>
 <br/>
And that slight difference of seconds uttering that “single syllable” could distinguish victory and defeat against a formidable enemy.<br/>
 <br/>
For this reason…<br/>
 <br/>
[<Dark>]<br/>
 <br/>
Regardless of the effect of this skill, the skill that I could invoke the fastest would be <Dark>.<br/>
In fact, <Dark> would be the only skill that I would be able to hit the Human-Faced after changing directions.<br/>
 <br/>
They had already assumed that I would use <Paralyze> or <Berserk>.<br/>
However, a “single syllable word” suddenly came out of my mouth.<br/>
Naturally, their reaction was delayed.<br/>
As a result, I took away their sense of sight.<br/>
Confused, they fell down on the ground and dragged the monsters around it.<br/>
 <br/>
This is also a result that I had expected.<br/>
 <br/>
After they got used to the 3 syllable word and 2 syllable word, I suddenly attacked them with a 1 syllable word.<br/>
The reason why I have held back on using <Dark> before is for this moment.<br/>
This is one of my hidden cards.<br/>
It seems that I’m successful with this plan.<br/>
However, <Dark> only takes away the target’s sight— it can’t kill them.<br/>
 <br/>
Attacking with all that I can, I flee, run, scamper and ride away— while shooting my skills towards them.<br/>
 <br/>
However, I feel like the amount of monsters hasn’t decreased from what I’m seeing.<br/>
 <br/>
More and more, the distance away from the monsters had been getting closer.<br/>
 <br/>
However, it will be just for a bit longer.<br/>
The number of trees that have been knocked down is beginning to be noticeable.<br/>
I’ve finally returned to the area that we’ve passed earlier.<br/>
Slei, who had been showing fatigue, squeezed out her remaining strength and sped up even more.<br/>
Just a bit more.<br/>
And then…<br/>
 <br/>
[We made it.]<br/>
 <br/>
We’re finally within range.<br/>
 <br/>
This is the spot where I’ve scattered my paralysis a while ago.<br/>
This is where I’ve paralyzed dozens of monsters that have been stuck.<br/>
 <br/>
———Badump———<br/>
 <br/>
An intense heartbeat resounded.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I dislike this.<br/>
 <br/>
A Human-Faced.<br/>
I could see a Human-Faced that appears to have been paralyzed.<br/>
The monsters surrounding it must have been trying to intercept or delay any hindrances huh.<br/>
Or is it that its abilities were lower than before?<br/>
No, it doesn’t matter.<br/>
The reason why doesn’t matter.<br/>
All that matters is the fact right in front of my eyes.<br/>
It’s only the fact that there’s a Human-Faced paralyzed over there.<br/>
I observed the Human-Faced for the time being.<br/>
Exuding anger, filled with frustration, and overflowing with hatred.<br/>
Based on what I see, I’ve judged that the probability that it’s just a camouflage is quite low.<br/>
It’s not pretending to be paralyzed.<br/>
Therefore…<br/>
 <br/>
[<Berserk>]<br/>
 <br/>
Without reservations, you could now die.<br/>
 <br/>
With the Human-Faced leading the group, I invoked Berserk on the other paralyzed monsters following it.<br/>
Ear-piercing hoarse screams arose around the place.<br/>
A geyser of blood sprayed towards the skies.<br/>
The spouting blood mixed along with the rain, making the nearby area rain in monster blood.<br/>
 <br/>
<Your level has increased.><br/>
 <br/>
Like a black bullet bathing in the bloody rain, we continued running.<br/>
 <br/>
<Lv 1903 → Lv 1921><br/>
 <br/>
I took a glance at my status display.<br/>
My MP has completely recovered.<br/>
 <br/>
[………………….]<br/>
 <br/>
The crystal ball behind Slei’s neck caught my eyes.<br/>
Its light has slightly weakened.<br/>
I had been worried about this for a while now.<br/>
Perhaps, her third form gradually consumes the magic energy she had stored.<br/>
She would need sustained magic energy in order to maintain this form.<br/>
It’s not just the combination technique with Pigimaru.<br/>
Slei also needed to be continuously supplied with magic energy.<br/>
I poured my magic energy into the crystal.<br/>
After injecting my magic energy, her running speed slightly improved.<br/>
Lowering my posture, I whispered into Slei’s ear my instructions.<br/>
After I finished saying my instructions, I said.<br/>
 <br/>
[The crucial moment is about to come. Can you endure it for a bit more?]<br/>
[Bururururuuuu!]<br/>
 <br/>
“Leave it to me!” or so I feel like she cried out.<br/>
I gently caressed Slei’s neck.<br/>
 <br/>
[……………….]<br/>
 <br/>
Are you both ready?<br/>
I asked Pigimaru and Slei.<br/>
However, Pigimaru and Slei could escape when they needed to.<br/>
They’re a monster and a magical beast.<br/>
If they were to get their distance from me, the two of them might be able to successfully escape from these monsters.<br/>
 <br/>
Poke poke<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I could feel Pigimaru’s slightly tough tentacles poking my shoulders.<br/>
 <br/>
[Hmm?]<br/>
[Piii!]<br/>
 <br/>
A cry that sounds like he’s rebuking me.<br/>
……Don’t tell me… DId he guess what I’m thinking about?<br/>
The worst thing that could happen would be that I would make Pigimaru and Slei escape.<br/>
I loosely held Pigimaru’s protrusion.<br/>
As if I’m making him feel relieved, I gently caressed him with three of my fingers.<br/>
 <br/>
[You understand it yourself, don’t you? I’m a gentle person… I rescued you back when you were being bullied.]<br/>
[Pyuuuu…]<br/>
 <br/>
“Funnnn….” I snorted.<br/>
 <br/>
[Idiot, why are you thinking like I’m going to die?]<br/>
[Puii?]<br/>
[It’s just that I was thinking about one of my plans until it’s the end. Moreover… Until I could make that f*cking goddess cry out until she can’t anymore, I will not die…]<br/>
[——Puiii!]<br/>
 <br/>
The startled Pigimaru suddenly signalled.<br/>
There’s also some of Pigimaru’s “roots” on my back.<br/>
Up until now, he had been telling me the direction and distance from the monsters behind my back with his roots.<br/>
 <br/>
[……They’re near.]<br/>
 <br/>
They can’t be avoided,<br/>
I can’t escape from them anymore.<br/>
I look up in the sky.<br/>
 <br/>
[………………….]<br/>
 <br/>
This heavy rain could possibly be fortunate for us.<br/>
The rain washes away our scent.<br/>
It makes it easier for us to avoid the monsters that track us by scent.<br/>
Depending on the method, we could even easily erase our presence.<br/>
 <br/>
The strategy that we will be using from here on out would be to repeatedly raid and retreat.<br/>
 <br/>
We will disperse the enemies little by little as we withdraw, then assault the isolated enemies when we find an opportunity.<br/>
 <br/>
It’s a strategy that’s quite similar to crushing enemies one after another.<br/>
 <br/>
I make Slei turn around.<br/>
It’s a really splendid turn filled without any wasted movements.<br/>
The efficiency of her eight legs were quite astonishing.<br/>
Her multiple legs allowed movements that wouldn’t be possible for a four-legged animal.<br/>
Her eight legs were assisting each other.<br/>
What’s noteworthy though is her tight turn earlier.<br/>
A tighter turn allows her even finer movements.<br/>
Therefore, it increases the efficiency of our evasion.<br/>
 <br/>
[……Fuuu.]<br/>
 <br/>
I stabilized my breathing.<br/>
For the time being, refining magic energy takes a toll on my body.<br/>
However, I don’t have the leisure to worry about the fatigue it brings.<br/>
 <br/>
[My MP should be enough…]<br/>
 <br/>
After that…<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[—would be us, killing each other.]<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
While the mud soaked in rainwater splashed about as Slei leaped through…<br/>
 <br/>
[Gyoruuueeehhguegyoooruuuaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh——-!]<br/>
 <br/>
Screams of monsters resounded around one after another.<br/>
 <br/>
Slei dashed through the curtains of rain as we sweeped enemies aside.<br/>
 <br/>
The leaves flying around stuck on my mask.<br/>
I quickly cleared them away with my hand.<br/>
 <br/>
The situation in the area has now turned into a semi-melee battle.<br/>
As a result of our repeated raid and retreat, the flock of monsters has considerably dispersed.<br/>
 <br/>
Is it because we had repeatedly appeared and disappeared?<br/>
It appears that the monsters started to be confused.<br/>
 <br/>
Running away as we conducted scattered attacks also functioned as a constraint for them.<br/>
The monsters that felt like they were strong had stopped taking it easy and began getting closer to each other.<br/>
However, the fact that I’m surrounded still hasn’t changed.<br/>
Because of the heavy rain, I could no longer sense the distribution of monsters around me.<br/>
While moving, I found an area brimming with bushes around.<br/>
This area should be easy to hide in, right?<br/>
……Though I say that, it’s not a hiding place where monsters would overlook.<br/>
The sound of ruffling leaves resound as the raindrops fall on them.<br/>
There aren’t any signs that the rain would stop anytime soon.<br/>
 <br/>
[Hufff—–…. haaahh…. haahhhh……—–ffuuuuu.]<br/>
 <br/>
I’m also a little short on breathing.<br/>
There’s a small wound on the back of my hand.<br/>
It was a scratch from a branch that cut me while we were moving.<br/>
These small scratches were more severe especially when we’re moving through the thickets.<br/>
 <br/>
[……There’s two huh.]<br/>
 <br/>
There are two of them chasing us from behind…<br/>
It feels like the both of them were Human-Faced huh.<br/>
Then…<br/>
 <br/>
[Guruuuaaahhh!]<br/>
 <br/>
Suddenly, a monster jumped out from a thicket a few distance in front of us.<br/>
 <br/>
[—-!? Tsk!]<br/>
 <br/>
I paid too much attention to the two monsters in the back.<br/>
Our response towards it is delayed.<br/>
At that moment…<br/>
 <br/>
[Hiihhhyyyyyyyiiiiinnnnnnnnn!]<br/>
 <br/>
Slei raised her large forefeet.<br/>
And then….<br/>
 <br/>
Splat!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
She kicked the monster’s face with her huge hooves.<br/>
Slei’s kick pushed through the monster’s head and crushed it.<br/>
And as her forefeet touched the ground, Slei raised her speed again.<br/>
 <br/>
Fwoooosssshhhh!<br/>
 <br/>
[……Well done.]<br/>
[Bururururu!]<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
Fwish!<br/>
 <br/>
Slei jumped out of the thickets.<br/>
After a brief moment, two medium-sized Human-Faced also jumped out of the thickets and chased behind us.<br/>
 <br/>
[Behind us.]<br/>
 <br/>
Pigimaru’s protrusions flew out towards the two Human-Faced following us behind our backs.<br/>
Taken by surprise, the two medium-sized Human-Faced tried to step away from my range.<br/>
 <br/>
However, I’m faster.<br/>
 <br/>
Pigimaru’s protrusion flew in between them and separated the two of them.<br/>
 <br/>
[<Paralyze>]<br/>
 <br/>
Kneeling on the ground, I hid behind the bushes.<br/>
There were some simpletons within the Human-Faced.<br/>
Even though I wasn’t riding on Slei, they didn’t notice it immediately.<br/>
They were trying to chase behind the black horse running through the rain without any doubts.<br/>
That was— the opportunity that I needed.<br/>
I went towards the collapsed Human-Faced and put an end to its life by making it go berserk.<br/>
 <br/>
<Your level has increased.><br/>
<Lv 1921 → Lv 1929><br/>
 <br/>
My MP that was less than half fully-recovered.<br/>
If I needed to kill them without wasting time, I could only use the Paralyze and Berserk combo.<br/>
On the way, I invoked <Poison> to some of the monsters that still haven’t died but…<br/>
 <br/>
I quickly ride back on the returning Slei.<br/>
 <br/>
[……There were still some of them coming closer while waiting for the others to approach.]<br/>
 <br/>
I don’t know the exact distance from where they are though.<br/>
I lightly exhaled.<br/>
It’s quite hot.<br/>
It’s because I’m sweating buckets.<br/>
As a matter of fact, there had already been some close calls since the start of this melee battle.<br/>
Our opponents are those monsters that the Golden Demon Zone were famous for.<br/>
If someone were to relax their guard, they would be quickly eaten.<br/>
 <br/>
Riding on Slei, we immediately ran away.<br/>
The presence of those monsters that I’ve felt has started to get far away.<br/>
But first, we need to think about how to break through this encirclement—-<br/>
 <br/>
——-Shudder——-<br/>
 <br/>
[——!!! Slei, lower your head!]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
While saying so, I also lowered my body as much as possible.<br/>
 <br/>
Swoooooosssssshhhhhhhh!<br/>
 <br/>
[———Ah?]<br/>
 <br/>
Something… popped out of our way?<br/>
 <br/>
For instance, that could be—<br/>
 <br/>
A huge scythe.<br/>
 <br/>
Looking back around, I saw that thing shred through the trees around us.<br/>
The trees that have lost their support began losing its balance and started falling down one after another.<br/>
Slei jumped forward, avoiding the trees fallen on the ground.<br/>
 <br/>
Something reaped through those trees.<br/>
 <br/>
[Gyorurururururururuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii——-!]<br/>
 <br/>
A gigantic monster with both hands resembling the blades of a scythe bellowed from a distance.<br/>
The tip of its tentacles also had a sickle-like form.<br/>
Beyond the rain, I could only see the silhouette of its main body.<br/>
 <br/>
[This f*cker… It managed to reach where we are even in this distance?]<br/>
 <br/>
There were only the corpses of the two monsters I met before nearby.<br/>
The rain was washing away the blood of those corpses.<br/>
I saw a humanoid monster stumble about as it walked with its head missing above its neck.<br/>
In the slashed section of its neck, blood ceaselessly flowed out…<br/>
 <br/>
[Pii!]<br/>
[Yeah, I know…]<br/>
 <br/>
A sickle flew towards me.<br/>
This time though, I had already sensed it coming.<br/>
Just like before, I threw my body to the side and avoided its attack.<br/>
While dodging to the side, I kept a lookout on its two scythes.<br/>
Then…<br/>
 <br/>
Thuddd!<br/>
 <br/>
All of a sudden, a gigantic Human-Faced appeared.<br/>
It’s a humanoid Human-Faced.<br/>
It has a large mouth with strangely thick lips.<br/>
Its face looks like it’s screaming out its sadness.<br/>
It has a bizarrely thick body hair.<br/>
There appears to be countless amounts of earthworms in the part where its hair was supposed to be.<br/>
……I think Seras would faint when she sees this.<br/>
The nails in the end of its rugged hands were large and sharp.<br/>
 <br/>
[Tsk… Another one appeared huh.]<br/>
 <br/>
However…<br/>
 <br/>
[Ugurugiiieeeeggaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa———–!]<br/>
[Gyorururururururuuiiiiiiiii———!? Gyoruuuu!? Gyoooo….]<br/>
 <br/>
That one—– began attacking the monster with two scythes.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The Human-Faced bit on the gigantic monster.<br/>
Looking closely, the attacking Human-Faced is bleeding on its flank.<br/>
 <br/>
[Ah, I see. That Human-Faced got mad after being wounded by that monster’s scythe huh…]<br/>
[Kaburuuaaahhhh! Gabuuuuu! Buchhiiiii!]<br/>
 <br/>
The monster with two scythes’ body were being bitten off one piece after another.<br/>
 <br/>
[Guooo…… Gyoruueeeee……]<br/>
 <br/>
The voice of the monster with two scythes began getting weaker.<br/>
 <br/>
“Fuuuuuu…” I exhaled.<br/>
 <br/>
[A good opportunity…]<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
[—-<Paralyze>—–]<br/>
 <br/>
Without the two of them noticing, I erased my presence and I took a roundabout path <br/>
 <br/>
[Higiieeehh!?]<br/>
[Gyoruuu….!?]<br/>
 <br/>
Human-Faced.<br/>
The monster with two scythes.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’m sorry for this…]<br/>
 <br/>
The fisherman would be the one profiting from this.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’ll be fishing away both of your experience points.]<br/>
 <br/>
Invoking <Berserk> towards them…<br/>
 <br/>
As blood spouted out like grand fireworks, I got past both of them.<br/>
 <br/>
<Your level has increased.><br/>
<Lv 1929 → Lv 1966><br/>
 <br/>
I felt the nervousness loosened out of my body.<br/>
 <br/>
[Haaahhh…… Haaaaahhhhh….. Fuuaaaahhhh….]<br/>
 <br/>
Even as I level up, the fatigue in my body won’t disappear.<br/>
……That would be too absurd in that case.<br/>
Originally, my combination technique with Pigimaru would be the decisive battle and it would last for only a really short time.<br/>
The burden on our bodies has been becoming more severe that it’s become as visible as looking at a raging fire.<br/>
 <br/>
[Hmm?]<br/>
 <br/>
The forest with the cut down trees in the opposite direction caught my attention.<br/>
I could see the silhouettes of the flock of monsters behind it.<br/>
 <br/>
Were they drawn in by the sound of the monsters that I’ve just killed?<br/>
Or were they drawn in by the gruesome geyser of blood?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Perhaps, these guys were now licking their tongues as they waited for me to weaken.<br/>
I could feel the oppressive atmosphere of a prey being cornered out towards the wall.<br/>
 <br/>
[Fuuaahhhh… Fuaaahhh…. Haaahhhaaahhhh….]<br/>
 <br/>
Is it because the temperature has dropped?<br/>
The breath I exhaled out was white.<br/>
 <br/>
[……………..]<br/>
 <br/>
There’s no particular reason.<br/>
Somehow, I turned my attention towards my status display.<br/>
 <br/>
<Touka Mimori><br/>
 <br/>
Lv 1966<br/>
 <br/>
HP: +5898<br/>
MP: +64478 / 64878<br/>
Attack: +5898<br/>
Defense: +5898<br/>
Physical Strength: +5898<br/>
Speed: +5898<br/>
Wisdom: +5898<br/>
 <br/>
<Title: E-Rank Hero><br/>
 <br/>
E-Rank Hero.<br/>
 <br/>
It all started because of this idiotic title.<br/>
 <br/>
Slei’s speed increases.<br/>
 <br/>
Pigimaru spread out his tentacles even further.<br/>
 <br/>
Therefore, hereafter, with this idiotic power I have—-<br/>
 <br/>
[I will trample everything down.]<br/>
 <br/>
We started charging towards the flock of monsters.<br/>
 <br/>
This would only end with a massacre.<br/>
 <br/>
[I will kill you all.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
