<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<Sogou Ayaka’s POV><br/>
 <br/>
Suddenly, it happened.<br/>
 <br/>
A large amount of monsters cried out.<br/>
 <br/>
They roared.<br/>
 <br/>
They clamorously surged forward, piling upon each other as they drew closer and closer.<br/>
 <br/>
I could hear the unceasing amount of footsteps stomping and crawling on the ground.<br/>
 <br/>
I could feel tremors vibrating beneath my shoes.<br/>
 <br/>
Mowing down the trees on its path, the figure of a gigantic monster appeared.<br/>
 <br/>
[Iiiiiggggggiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh—————!]<br/>
 <br/>
There were also medium and small-sized monsters following behind it.<br/>
I then understood.<br/>
These monsters weren’t here because of our existence in this place.<br/>
I could also hear flocks of monsters moving about even in the distant places.<br/>
What in the world happened?<br/>
The monsters that appeared out of nowhere earlier— appears to be aiming somewhere else.<br/>
Some of the monsters stopped when they noticed us.<br/>
However, most of them appear to be drawn in by “something”.<br/>
They were aiming towards “somewhere” that they didn’t even look at our direction…<br/>
That’s right… It’s as if they’re being called forth.<br/>
In that case—-<br/>
 <br/>
Wouldn’t it be possible to just hide and let them pass?<br/>
 <br/>
I pointed towards a certain direction.<br/>
 <br/>
[Everyone, make haste and run towards there! Suou-san! I leave the vanguard to you!]<br/>
 <br/>
I relayed my instructions towards my friends.<br/>
Currently, our first priority is getting away from those monsters.<br/>
It would be dangerous if they were to notice us.<br/>
 <br/>
As a result, my decision paid off.<br/>
Some of the monsters noticed and attacked us.<br/>
However, I easily put them down.<br/>
 <br/>
Like that, the storm-like parade of monsters passed by.<br/>
 <br/>
All the members of my group were safe.<br/>
However…<br/>
 <br/>
[———No… way…]<br/>
 <br/>
Drip… drop…<br/>
I blankly called out.<br/>
 <br/>
Two people died.<br/>
 <br/>
Both of the people who died were 2-C’s male students.<br/>
One of them was crushed by a large-sized monster.<br/>
The other was killed by a medium-sized monster who noticed his presence and attacked him.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The two people who died were members of Yasu Tomohiro’s group.<br/>
I bit my lips.<br/>
I ran over towards the corpse and stood next to Yasu.<br/>
 <br/>
[Yasu-kun……]<br/>
[Hmm? Ah, Ayaka huh.]<br/>
 <br/>
Yasu calmly replied.<br/>
The corpses were lined up and covered with cloth.<br/>
I don’t have—- any courage to confirm their faces.<br/>
If I were to check them… I might not be able to endure this really depressing reality.<br/>
My classmates’ death.<br/>
Somewhere within my heart, I was still making light of our situation.<br/>
At that time back when Mimori Touka died, I still couldn’t feel that it’s real.<br/>
I didn’t even see the moment when he transferred with my own eyes.<br/>
I just knew that— he died.<br/>
Suppressing the unrest, I said.<br/>
 <br/>
[Hirooka-kun and Sakuma-kun… didn’t manage to run away?]<br/>
[That might be so.]<br/>
[——Eh? Yasu-kun… weren’t they with you?]<br/>
[Your own body, you should protect them yourself. My first priority would be ensuring the safety of the high-ranking hero, me. Thinking about a decision that works for the time being, I have made the best decision. If we were to think about the future, it couldn’t be helped if we were to lose some people for the sake for the fewer higher-ranking heroes.]<br/>
 <br/>
Yasu looked down at the two corpses of our classmates.<br/>
“Good grief…”, he shook his head.<br/>
 <br/>
[It goes without saying that these two were to blame why they weren’t able to escape.]<br/>
 <br/>
Their deaths didn’t make any impression on him.<br/>
 <br/>
His reaction to their deaths were too meager.<br/>
I looked towards the other heroes in Yasu’s group.<br/>
I could see that everyone had received varying amounts of shock from seeing their deaths.<br/>
However, the leader Yasu treats this event as if it’s like someone else’s problem—<br/>
 <br/>
[I- It should have been needless for me to say this to you… Aren’t those two part of Yasu-kun’s group? Back when that flock of monsters appeared, why didn’t you do anything!?]<br/>
[…………What are you trying to say, Ayaka?]<br/>
[Y- You’re an A-Rank…]<br/>
[Yeah. What of it?]<br/>
 <br/>
I pressed him for answers.<br/>
 <br/>
[Didn’t you ever think that it’s your responsibility to protect your classmates that were in your group!?]<br/>
 <br/>
As I’m saying that…<br/>
 <br/>
“That’s really something an honor student would say.”<br/>
 <br/>
…is what I thought.<br/>
For some reason, I strangely felt vexed.<br/>
However, I couldn’t hold back this stream of words I wanted to say that’s overflowing within me.<br/>
 <br/>
[The children in your group were relying on you, Yasu-kun… Therefore, you have to protect them…]<br/>
 <br/>
The students who didn’t join neither Kirihara nor Asagi’s group.<br/>
If they were to join Sogou Ayaka’s group, they would be the enemies in the eyes of the goddess and Kirihara’s group.<br/>
The students who feared this had to join Yasu’s group.<br/>
However—- Is it really correct for me to blame Yasu Tomohiro here?<br/>
I keep asking those questions to myself.<br/>
The students who joined Yasu Tomohiro’s group not because they wished to join, but by going through the process of elimination.<br/>
It doesn’t seem right to blame Yasu Tomohiro for this.<br/>
However, even if that’s so—-<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I wanted him to protect the others.<br/>
 <br/>
These people who didn’t approach even when I called out to them.<br/>
 <br/>
Therefore…<br/>
 <br/>
[You were the only person who could protect them, Yasu-kun…]<br/>
 <br/>
Yes, I have to say that.<br/>
 <br/>
Then, Yasu suddenly placed his hands on my shoulders.<br/>
Looking down, he spoke.<br/>
 <br/>
[Sha- sha- sha—-]<br/>
[Yasu-kun……?]<br/>
 <br/>
His grip on my shoulders were painfully strong.<br/>
 <br/>
[SHUT UUUUUUUPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP! SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UUUUUPPPP! S-H-U-T UUUUPPPPPPPP AYAKAAAAAAAAAAA!]<br/>
 <br/>
(………Eh?)<br/>
 <br/>
[W- What’s with you!? Haaahhh!? Why the heck are you still looking at me like you’re higher than me!? Why do you think you’re higher than me!? Are you even aware about the hierarchy now!? Realize it already!]<br/>
 <br/>
Swooshh!<br/>
 <br/>
Yasu raised his face.<br/>
 <br/>
[There’s hardly any difference between us anymore!]<br/>
 <br/>
[W- What—- What are you talking about…….?]<br/>
 <br/>
I’m really perplexed.<br/>
 <br/>
[It came out, it appeared, it f*cking appeared! It’s this! Sogou Ayaka is really like this! This attitude of yours that looks like you’re always completely unaware of! A natural! A natural when it comes to looking down on people! That’s what Sogou Ayaka is!]<br/>
 <br/>
[Could you please wait? W- What are you really talking about? I was just telling you earlier that you should have been protecting them—–]<br/>
 <br/>
[I KNOW ABOUT THAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTT! I ALSO KNOW THAT SASAOKA AND SAKUMA DIIIEEEEEEEDDDDDDDDD! HAAAAHHHH!? I mean, why the heck do I need to save these guys!? I survived because I’m strong! They died because they’re weak! That should have been something simple that anyone could understand!]<br/>
 <br/>
[It’s the responsibility of those possessing power to protect the people who doesn’t—-]<br/>
 <br/>
[AAAAAAAAAHHHHH! IN WHICH LAW DOES IT STATE SOMETHING LIKE TTTTTHHHHHHHAAAAAAATTTTTTT!? ….Ah, look at that! Ayaka had just naturally placed herself on “those who possess power”! That’s the kind of person Ayaka is! She had the face of a saint while unconsciously looking down on others! She would show others the difference between the hierarchy without even a hint of gaudiness! That kind of talking as if it’s natural for you… STOP F*CKING DOING THAAAATTTT!]<br/>
 <br/>
[I- I’m not particularly trying to be a saint nor am I looking down on you, Yasu-kun… It’s just Yasu-kun’s misunderstanding! There’s also something that I don’t possess! Therefore… The others were filling in with the deficiencies that I don’t have… That’s how we support each other…]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I sincerely appealed.<br/>
 <br/>
[There are things that I can do, the things that Yasu-kun can do… There are also things that the others can do! And there should have been something you could have done as a higher-ranking hero… Therefore…]<br/>
 <br/>
[Yeah, yeah—- In the first place, I think the both of them, Sasaoka and Sakuma were better off dead! It’s something you’re not aware because you’re knocked out by the goddess… but back when that f*cking small fry Mimori were sent off to hell, but these b*stards were in really high spirits as they disparaged him, you know!? These b*stards were also sneaking around as they treated me for a fool! Retribution—– Fuhahahaha, these must be the world’s retribution! Other than that, what more do you want to say!? That the class president who was born and raised in a rich household and a blessed environment, would have compassion even towards b*stards like these!?]<br/>
 <br/>
[Yasu-kun may certainly think that way… However… Nevertheless, I don’t think there’s anyone who’s better off dead. After all, I—-]<br/>
 <br/>
I think no one should die.<br/>
 <br/>
I will be protecting them.<br/>
 <br/>
That’s what I swore to myself.<br/>
 <br/>
That’s the responsibility of those who possess power.<br/>
 <br/>
Then…<br/>
 <br/>
[You’re really a small fry.]<br/>
 <br/>
The one who interrupted was—- Kirihara Takuto.<br/>
 <br/>
[Ki- Kirihara……]<br/>
 <br/>
Doesn’t Kirihara have any hint of awareness with his surroundings?<br/>
Yasu looks a little upset.<br/>
 <br/>
[Yasu… Do you know that story about the vessel?]<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara’s line of sight went from me towards Yasu.<br/>
His eyes look like he’s looking at our reactions.<br/>
It’s as if he’s trying to conjecture something.<br/>
 <br/>
[My father’s friends often come to parties in our home every weekend… There was an amazing person among the guests who made a fortune from cryptocurrencies and that man told me about the story about this vessel.]<br/>
 <br/>
Why in the world is he suddenly telling us this story?<br/>
I don’t see how this story is connected with what’s happening at all.<br/>
 <br/>
[It is said that there’s a vessel within every human and you would know that each vessel was appropriate based on their success. However, without the King Vessel, every success was just a pretense and would only end up as just momentarily success.]<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara brushed the hair hanging on his forehead towards the back of his head.<br/>
 <br/>
[This story… Do you understand? Well, what I’m saying is that a person who only succeeded with luck wouldn’t make this small fry stink disappear even if you rose higher from what you used to be.]<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara sighs.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[These small fries who wouldn’t be able to catch this success beyond their stature with their shabby vessels, it’s like looking at the displeasing sight of someone living with an overflowing, yet cracked vessel… However, only the person himself doesn’t notice his own displeasing behaviour. When the person himself only intends to join the upper ranking’s stage, the strong people with large vessels would only look at misapprehensive small fry…… Just like when business people would gather for the zaitech party, there would sometimes be small-fries-like-that mixed in.]<br/>
(T/N: Zaitech: an investment in financial markets by a company to supplement its main income)<br/>
 <br/>
Ngghh…<br/>
 <br/>
Yasu grit his teeth.<br/>
 <br/>
[What are you…… trying to say?]<br/>
[It’s just that you make a really small fry-like, Yasu. It speaks for itself… It would only mean that our vessels were so far different from each other.]<br/>
 <br/>
In that moment, Kirihara skillfully turned with his katana in hand.<br/>
Then, he pointed his sword on the tip of Yasu’s nose.<br/>
 <br/>
[……Unngghhh.]<br/>
 <br/>
Yasu took a step back.<br/>
 <br/>
[There’s a classmate at the end of my blade… there’s no way you can be anything but a misapprehensive small fry. It’s about time that you should know your status in the hierarchy, Yasu.]<br/>
 <br/>
Is it because he’s nervous?<br/>
Yasu’s forehead and cheeks look sweaty.<br/>
As if pressing him for answers, Kirihara continues.<br/>
 <br/>
[Your action of forgetting your superficial character and shouting in front of Sogou were evidence for your small fry emotions. The reason you couldn’t protect them is also because you’re really a small fry.]<br/>
 <br/>
Thereupon…<br/>
 <br/>
[Pfft! Pfuha—!]<br/>
 <br/>
Suddenly, Oyamada Shougo who was standing behind Kirihara burst into laughter.<br/>
 <br/>
[You went towards here only for your stock prices to stop and drop, really funny! I thought you’re going to let this misapprehensive small fry mob move around for a while longer~! I wanted to put you in your place only to be stopped by Takuto! Also, what is it again? You thought you’d look cool when you change your character but~… Yasu-senpai, hehehe, your ugliness is really standing out! Pfuhh!]<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara looks astounded as he sighed.<br/>
 <br/>
[Shougo… Don’t degrade your rank to match him just to hit him with some small fry-like jabs.]<br/>
[Yeah, yeah. I’ll be careful. Uweehhh, You really have a severe assessment towards stuff, Takuto.]<br/>
 <br/>
Once again, Kirihara skillfully turned his katana.<br/>
 <br/>
[You better be aware of your place, Yasu.]<br/>
 <br/>
The sound of the blade rang out as he sheathed his blade into its scabbard.<br/>
 <br/>
[Even if you get more power than your vessel could hold… if you’re holding a small fry of a vessel, you have no choice but to unconsciously expose your unsightliness. Even tremendous power would look shabby when placed beside my King Vessel.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
With his looking down on the ground, Yasu trembled.<br/>
He’s strongly gripping down on his fist.<br/>
His breathing also became rough.<br/>
“Fuu… Fuu…” his shoulders move along with his breathing.<br/>
However, it seems like Kirihara didn’t care whatever state Yasu is in.<br/>
Arranging his bangs in between his fingertips, he continued.<br/>
 <br/>
[Well, I would sympathize with you for being misapprehensive since you did indeed get judged as an A-Rank howev—-]<br/>
 <br/>
[Stop talking nonsense, Kirihara.]<br/>
 <br/>
Yasu raised his face and directly looked at him.<br/>
 <br/>
And his facial expression distorted so much that I couldn’t even describe it.<br/>
 <br/>
[<Laevateinn>]<br/>
 <br/>
Black flames curled around behind Yasu.<br/>
I reflexively retreated away.<br/>
As if they’re overpowering everyone around, the vortex of black flames burned brightly behind Yasu’s back.<br/>
Oyamada looked at it with displeased eyes.<br/>
 <br/>
[Huh? What the heck is this Yasu going to do? I mean… You suddenly want to lash out your temper towards us? How obnoxious… Seriously, you’re really obnoxious…]<br/>
 <br/>
On the other hand, Kirihara didn’t even quiver.<br/>
Without even drawing his katana, he retained his silence without showing any emotions on his face.<br/>
Yasu began stepping forward.<br/>
He brought his face close to Kirihara’s face.<br/>
It’s as if he’s challenging him.<br/>
 <br/>
[What’s with you picking a fight saying I’m misapprehensive, Kirihara? Are you that vexed that I stole your prey earlier? Haaahh? And is that why you’re picking a fight with me?]<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara looks down.<br/>
 <br/>
[——You’re already an unredeemable level of a small fry huh, Yasu Tomohiro.]<br/>
 <br/>
[Fuuu… You’re also the same b*stard. The same misapprehensive b*stard that got misapprehensive just because you got an S-Rank. A b*stard like you also need to be aware of it yourself, Kirihara Takuto…]<br/>
 <br/>
Yasu’s finger pointed to the side.<br/>
 <br/>
(……Eh? Me?)<br/>
 <br/>
For some reason, Yasu pointed towards me.<br/>
 <br/>
[Even though she’s an S-Rank, she weren’t even able to acquire any inherent skills at all… despite the fact that all other S-Ranks have already acquired their inherent skills. See, isn’t Ayaka’s existence itself proof of that? On the other hand, even though she’s just a B-Rank, Asagi’s inherent skill surpasses Oyamada’s mediocre inherent skill. Do you understand what I want to say?]<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara didn’t answer.<br/>
He was impassively glancing towards me.<br/>
Yasu’s lips unsightly distorted into some sort of smile as all of his teeth were peeking out.<br/>
 <br/>
[In other words, the Heroes’ ranks doesn’t really matter that much at all. So, the only reason for thinking you’re superior just because you’re an S-Rank… was nothing but the thoughts of a misapprehensive small fry! Just a moment ago, you b*stard was so full of openings that it looks like you’re telling me to kill that monster, you know? Kuhihi! Who the heck is more appropriate for this King Vessel—]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Fwwwuuuuussshhh<br/>
 <br/>
As if he’s finishing his verdict, Yasu stepped closer to Kirihara again.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’ll make it clear to you someday, misapprehensive b*stard.]<br/>
 <br/>
With a ruthless look on his face, Oyamada stepped forward.<br/>
 <br/>
[Takuto, you should seriously let me crush this guy with my <Bullet>.  It doesn’t matter even if it’s because of a spur in the moment. As expected, even the kind me would feel cold for this.]<br/>
 <br/>
Yasu turns away.<br/>
 <br/>
[Feel cold for all I care.]<br/>
 <br/>
Saying that as he turned away, he began walking away from here.<br/>
 <br/>
[You b*stard—]<br/>
[Stop, Shougo.]<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara stops Oyamada who was about to lunge towards him.<br/>
 <br/>
[Hahhh!? What the heck is it now!? It can’t be, don’t tell me that you became afraid of him!?]<br/>
[……………….Huh?]<br/>
[Ah—– no, that’s… my bad…]<br/>
 <br/>
Whack!<br/>
 <br/>
[Uuuuu…]<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara nudged Oyamada’s abdomen.<br/>
 <br/>
[If you were to bite on his cheap provocation, you would end up stooping down on that small fry’s level. The weak dogs were often the ones who bark the loudest. However—-]<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara glanced towards me.<br/>
 <br/>
[I might have to admit that there’s indeed someone dragging down the S-Ranks… If someone is unsuitable for being an S-Rank, this may affect everyone’s morale. It would be really bad if you keep on irresponsibly dragging everyone’s feet, Sogou.]<br/>
 <br/>
“I’m sorry.”<br/>
“I also intend to do all that I could.”<br/>
 <br/>
How should I answer?<br/>
I don’t know.<br/>
 <br/>
(However… It certainly is a fact that I’m still lacking in power…)<br/>
 <br/>
I look down at the corpses of my two classmates.<br/>
Thunder began resounding in the gloomy looming clouds in the skies.<br/>
Seeing that I stayed silent, Kirihara passed by me.<br/>
Oyamada followed him.<br/>
It seems that Kirihara isn’t interested in me anymore.<br/>
Though, I could still hear him grumbling to himself.<br/>
 <br/>
[Even so… If another misapprehensive b*stard like Yasu were to appear—]<br/>
 <br/>
Kirihara vigorously combed back his hair.<br/>
 <br/>
[Why don’t I just show these thickheaded idiots the King Vessel Kirihara in a way that they could easily understand?]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
