<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<Author’s Note><br/>
 <br/>
I am contacted by the person in charge that another version of the book has been published. I would like to thank you all for purchasing the book. Because the store was running out of stock…If you are thinking about purchasing something and you do not see any copy in the store, we would appreciate it if you could wait a while for the extra copies to be lined up.<br/>
 <br/>
Then, I received two new reviews in the updates for the last few updates. Thank you very much. I would also like to thank those who gave me impressions, bookmarks and ratings in the last few stories. I will continue to do my best to respond to your support.<br/>
 <br/>
Now then, this chapter would now be returning back towards Touka’s point of view.<br/>
 <br/>
=======================================================================<br/>
 <br/>
<Your level has increased><br/>
 <br/>
Our battle has already turned into an absolute slaughterfest.<br/>
 <br/>
I kept on killing monsters and acquiring their experience points.<br/>
I began levelling up, little by little.<br/>
My MP would fully recover every time my level increases.<br/>
Thus, I could maintain my combination ability with Pigimaru.<br/>
In this state, I kept on fighting.<br/>
 <br/>
It’s an unreasonable strategy in which we must continue fighting for some time.<br/>
 <br/>
However, this unreasonable strategy is the only way to push through our situation.<br/>
If we don’t do this, we wouldn’t be able to survive.<br/>
 <br/>
[Keep going through while slanting to the side, Slei! ——<Berserk>!]<br/>
 <br/>
The heavy rain came crashing down from the sky.<br/>
There’s also a geyser of blood gushing up towards the sky.<br/>
 <br/>
The both of them mixed along and began falling down like a shower of blood and rain.<br/>
 <br/>
<Your skill level has increased><br/>
 <br/>
Her hooves piercing through the quagmire muddle the intense sounds of her steps on the ground.<br/>
 <br/>
[<Pa——]<br/>
 <br/>
The speed of the approaching monsters.<br/>
Saying my three-syllable skill won’t be able to make it.<br/>
Thinking so, I immediately…<br/>
 <br/>
[——-<Dark>.]<br/>
 <br/>
—switched the spell I’m going to use.<br/>
 <br/>
Sliiiipppppp!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The large-sized monster who had lost its vision slipped and fell on the muddy ground.<br/>
The overturned monster tumbled down and scattered mud near it.<br/>
I then started invoking my <Paralyze> towards it again.<br/>
 <br/>
I immediately shot it with the skill it had a combo with, <Berserk>.<br/>
 <br/>
At that moment, a large monster suddenly leapt above me.<br/>
It has quite an amazing jumping power for a monster with a large built.<br/>
 <br/>
[Slei, slow down for a bit… Pigimaru!]<br/>
[Pigyyiiiiii!]<br/>
 <br/>
His tentacle shot towards the sky.<br/>
 <br/>
[<Sleep>]<br/>
 <br/>
The monster fell asleep in mid-air and began defenselessly falling to the ground.<br/>
That huge monster crashed down on the ground behind us.<br/>
With its fall, the muddy water sprung out like a fountain.<br/>
Turning my neck, I look back and also give <Berserk> towards it.<br/>
I’ve treated this combo like my standard combo of paralysis and poison.<br/>
Though I say that, there’s no opportunity for <Poison> to get its turn now.<br/>
There’s still an enormous amount of monsters writhing about around some distance away from us.<br/>
They’re singing a large chorus of bitter howls.<br/>
Those monsters were inflicted with my poison.<br/>
I still couldn’t use <Berserk> towards an area yet.<br/>
<Poison> would be able to deal continuous damage to multiple enemies while also somewhat inhibiting their movements.<br/>
This skill is still quite useful even when used by itself.<br/>
 <br/>
[Giiieeehhhh……]<br/>
 <br/>
Glancing at the groaning monsters, I continued my advance.<br/>
We didn’t remain unharmed even after those fierce battles.<br/>
Especially Pigimaru, he’s already seriously exhausted from our continuous fights.<br/>
Probably because of our connection, I could feel that Pigimaru’s already fatigued.<br/>
However, even if that’s so, he’s still persevering.<br/>
 <br/>
Slei was also injured.<br/>
One or two of her eight legs were unlikely to work properly.<br/>
Even the accuracy of her maneuvers had been reduced.<br/>
 <br/>
I also had some injuries on my thighs and arms.<br/>
However, they’re not bleeding at all.<br/>
In fact, I’ve received a fairly deep gash earlier.<br/>
I’ve certainly felt the pain.<br/>
However, my body hardly bled.<br/>
After looking at it, scabs were already starting to form.<br/>
I have some hypothesis for a plausible reason for this.<br/>
 <br/>
It’s my status’ HP correction value.<br/>
 <br/>
Looking at the display, I could see that the numbers had decreased.<br/>
That bleeding was suppressed by the effects of my HP’s correction value…<br/>
 <br/>
I remembered back when I suddenly lost my fingertips from the Soul Eater’s beam.<br/>
 <br/>
At that time, I immediately tied my fingertips with a cloth.<br/>
But looking back on it, I didn’t bleed that much for a wound that should normally affect my consciousness.<br/>
I also didn’t get unconscious even from the damage I received.<br/>
 <br/>
……I see.<br/>
 <br/>
This is the role of the HP correction value.<br/>
It relieves the pain and reduces bleeding.<br/>
I haven’t been injured that much until recently though.<br/>
Therefore, the HP correction…<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
“Strengthens my vitality”<br/>
 <br/>
That’s only the extent in which I could think of right now.<br/>
 <br/>
[……………………]<br/>
 <br/>
But, however…<br/>
The thought of the correction value becoming 0— is a bit scary.<br/>
 <br/>
I would bleed like normal.<br/>
I would receive pain like normal.<br/>
 <br/>
I may possibly receive both of those effects at the same time.<br/>
Still, it isn’t impossible that this may be the effect of the <Defense> corrections but—-<br/>
 <br/>
[Well, this isn’t a situation where I could carelessly think about that…]<br/>
 <br/>
Slei began slowly advancing.<br/>
Little by little— she began raising her speed.<br/>
I held out both of my arms diagonally to the left and right side in front of me.<br/>
 <br/>
[Even if these guys were living in the Demon Zone, as expected, they would also value their own lives.]<br/>
 <br/>
It seems that some of them began to understand.<br/>
 <br/>
“Our opponent is bad news.”<br/>
 <br/>
Most of the small to medium-sized monsters seem to have a stronger inclination of thinking like that.<br/>
I could also confirm the same inclinations from the monsters in the Disposal Ruins.<br/>
If they think that they’re enemies are bad news, they will escape while prioritizing their own lives.<br/>
 <br/>
[Guh… Gigyiiiii…..]<br/>
 <br/>
The group of golden eyes began stepping back.<br/>
 <br/>
[Funnnn…]<br/>
 <br/>
Arranging my breathing, my lips curved up a smile.<br/>
 <br/>
[If you’re prepared to kill others… you should be able to imagine the pattern where you’re the one being killed…]<br/>
 <br/>
The golden-eyed monsters were depressed.<br/>
The prey isn’t worth it.<br/>
We should have been able to trample him by now but…<br/>
 <br/>
[It finally came huh.]<br/>
 <br/>
It’s probably because it was observing my actions before.<br/>
 <br/>
There’s some among the flock that was following us within a reasonable distance.<br/>
 <br/>
I could feel a few of their presence.<br/>
They were probably the most troublesome ones.<br/>
They’re brutal, yet cautious.<br/>
Just like a fisherman aiming for the most profitable way of fishing.<br/>
Shrewdly reeling in after their prey is exhausted.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[………Fuuu…]<br/>
 <br/>
I languidly let down my arms.<br/>
Breathing in, I reduced the movement of my shoulders.<br/>
I have to arrange my breathing.<br/>
 <br/>
[Fwwaaahh… Haahh… Haaaahhh…]<br/>
 <br/>
One of them looked at how fatigued I am.<br/>
Finally finding an opportunity, it appeared, knocking down the trees on its path.<br/>
 <br/>
[Niyoooiiinnniiibbiiiiieeeeeeeggyyyoooooorororooooonnnn!]<br/>
 <br/>
At that moment, I put strength into my exhausted arm.<br/>
Raising my arm, I held out my left hand diagonally to my back.<br/>
 <br/>
What a fool.<br/>
 <br/>
If you see that I’m “tired and couldn’t move”……<br/>
 <br/>
Then, it’s your loss.<br/>
 <br/>
[<Paralyze>]<br/>
 <br/>
Without a moment’s delay, I followed up with <Berserk>.<br/>
 <br/>
[Nyyooiii!? Iiiieee— buhhyyoeeeehhh!?]<br/>
 <br/>
Its body splashed out its blood, leading to its death.<br/>
 <br/>
<Your level has increased><br/>
<Lv 1997 → Lv 2000><br/>
 <br/>
My MP fully recovered.<br/>
 <br/>
I’ve also reached Lv 2000.<br/>
 <br/>
Exhaling out rough breaths, I looked at the dead monster.<br/>
……Geez, you’re easily caught by my acting.<br/>
 <br/>
[Where the heck have you been looking at when you’re observing me, you bastard…… Then, what about you?]<br/>
 <br/>
The last group who was just looking towards us began going on the offensive.<br/>
I also look back at them.<br/>
 <br/>
[Is this what they called reaping the harvest with the sacrifice of others?]<br/>
 <br/>
I deeply exhaled out.<br/>
 <br/>
[“Time to reel it in”, you think?]<br/>
 <br/>
What an idiot.<br/>
 <br/>
[The one who will be consumed will be you bastards though…]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
Without waiting for a few moments, the scene of slaughter with the final group quickly turned into reality.<br/>
 <br/>
I’m going to begin unleashing my Abnormal State Skill.<br/>
 <br/>
In the midst of the battle, I found a slight gap in which I checked my status display.<br/>
This is to confirm the additional ability that <Berserk> gained.<br/>
I quickly checked it out with the corner of my eyes.<br/>
 <br/>
<Berserk: Lv 2 / MP-consumption 10 / Target Designation><br/>
 <br/>
The additional option this time isn’t <Multi-Target Casting>.<br/>
 <br/>
Without any more descriptions, only <Target Designation> was added…?<br/>
 <br/>
——Ah, I see.<br/>
Is it that it’s now possible for me to specify the berserked enemy’s target of attack?<br/>
However, I think this would be quite difficult to use in melee fights.<br/>
I wouldn’t be able to concentrate on designating a target right now.<br/>
Anyway, I am now using <Berserk> to get rid of the paralyzed monsters for just a few seconds.<br/>
 <br/>
[——-<Berserk>!]<br/>
 <br/>
The breathing I’ve arranged before…<br/>
I could feel disheveledness in my breathing for some short spans of time.<br/>
Sometimes, I couldn’t muster any strength to move my body.<br/>
 <br/>
Neither the level-ups nor the status correction could completely eliminate my fatigue.<br/>
 <br/>
[…………………]<br/>
 <br/>
It feels exhilarating.<br/>
 <br/>
At times like this, my senses and thoughts became clearer.<br/>
 <br/>
And—- I vividly recalled that scene when I had just come into this world.<br/>
And then, the corpses of those disposed people in the ruins flashed back into my mind.<br/>
 <br/>
……That’s right, isn’t it?<br/>
 <br/>
[If I were to stop here for something like this, I’ll never be able to achieve my revenge towards that f*cking goddess no matter how much time passes.]<br/>
 <br/>
Filled with resolution, I made Slei turn around.<br/>
Her hooves slid on the slippery mud.<br/>
 <br/>
The rain of energy attacks released by the Human-Faced began falling on the place where we were before.<br/>
 <br/>
Those energy attacks are kind of similar with the Soul Eater’s laser.<br/>
 <br/>
Schwwwiiiinnnnggg!<br/>
 <br/>
The laser bore a hole on the ground and evaporated the nearby moisture.<br/>
Just when we were skidding…<br/>
 <br/>
[———Pigimaru.]<br/>
[Piigyyiii……!]<br/>
 <br/>
He began extensively spreading out his tentacles again.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Paralysis…<br/>
Berserk…<br/>
Dark…<br/>
Sleep…<br/>
Poison…<br/>
 <br/>
Invoke.<br/>
 <br/>
Other than Freeze, I began mobilizing all of my skills and entered a full-fledged battle to the death.<br/>
 <br/>
Kill….<br/>
Or I’ll be killed…<br/>
Kill…<br/>
Die.<br/>
 <br/>
<Your level has increased.><br/>
<Your level has increased.><br/>
<Your level has increased.><br/>
<Your level has increased.><br/>
<Your level has increased.><br/>
<Your level has increased.><br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
The attacking monsters were turning desperate.<br/>
 <br/>
“——-Cut it out and kill that human already—–“<br/>
 <br/>
Struggling to the death.<br/>
The monster looks kind of good having such an expression on their faces.<br/>
 <br/>
[……———–Wha!]<br/>
 <br/>
It happened when I was facing three enemies nearby at the same time.<br/>
I don’t have any time to avoid it.<br/>
 <br/>
Baaammmmm!<br/>
 <br/>
I suddenly received an attack in a blind spot to my side.<br/>
The attack directly struck Slei’s flank.<br/>
Slei let out a short scream.<br/>
 <br/>
[Sle—-]<br/>
 <br/>
However, the black horse immediately mustered up her fighting spirit.<br/>
Letting out a high-pitched neigh…<br/>
 <br/>
[Hihyyiiiiiiinnn! Burururuuuuu——- gurururururuuuaaahhhh!]<br/>
 <br/>
Releasing white breath out of her mouth, the black horse roared.<br/>
She isn’t just a normal horse any longer.<br/>
And with her six functional legs, she firmly landed her feet on the ground.<br/>
With just one action, Slei reorganized her posture.<br/>
 <br/>
[Bururururu…… Guuuuuuuuuuu…… Gururuuuaaahhh!]<br/>
 <br/>
The sound of electricity…<br/>
And the air vibrated.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It feels like even the rain itself shook.<br/>
 <br/>
An intimidating counterattack.<br/>
It appears that some of the monsters became afraid for a few moments.<br/>
And that is…<br/>
 <br/>
[<Paralyze>]<br/>
 <br/>
—-an opportunity that I won’t overlook.<br/>
 <br/>
Immediately paralyzing several of the nearby enemies—-<br/>
 <br/>
[Bummooooooooooooooorrooooohhhhh! Ooommmeeaaattt, ooommmeeaaaddd!]<br/>
 <br/>
An enormous elephant with several horns protruding out of its body rushed towards me.<br/>
Unlike the usual image for an elephant, this one’s quite agile.<br/>
However, I should be just barely able to reach it within this range—<br/>
 <br/>
[Pigimaru.]<br/>
[Piii—–…… giiii….iiii!?]<br/>
 <br/>
His tentacles wouldn’t move.<br/>
 <br/>
I still have some MP reserves.<br/>
However, Pigimaru has already…<br/>
 <br/>
[Reached his limit huh…]<br/>
 <br/>
No…<br/>
 <br/>
[Pigimaru.]<br/>
 <br/>
I gently touch the small protrusion sticking out above my shoulder.<br/>
 <br/>
[You did really well.]<br/>
 <br/>
He really did his best until now.<br/>
That’s already enough.<br/>
He had already helped me more than enough.<br/>
 <br/>
I released my connection with Pigimaru.<br/>
 <br/>
[Piiiii…… Nyuuiiii……!]<br/>
[It’s enough already, so stop pushing yourself…… You should get some rest. Leave the rest to me.]<br/>
[Burururururuuuuu!]<br/>
 <br/>
Slei looks like she’s brimming with fighting spirit.<br/>
 <br/>
“Leave the rest to me, Pigimaru!”<br/>
 <br/>
…or so I feel like she’s vigorously saying.<br/>
 <br/>
[……………………….]<br/>
 <br/>
Even though you’ve also probably exceeded your limits…<br/>
Pat pat.<br/>
I gently brushed the side of Slei’s neck.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[If you really feel like you’ve already reached your limit, you don’t have to hide it and just tell me about it… From hereafter, I’ll do it myself. After we part ways—- I’ll leave your mother Seras and the others to you.]<br/>
 <br/>
She still has other people she needs to protect.<br/>
It might be a bit cunning for me to say that though.<br/>
 <br/>
[……Bururu.]<br/>
 <br/>
“……Un.”<br/>
 <br/>
After wavering for a bit, Slei nodded her head.<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
The battle for my survival continues.<br/>
 <br/>
Actually, I think only a few moments has passed.<br/>
 <br/>
However, I felt like I’ve been fighting with them for a really long time.<br/>
 <br/>
Taking off my mask…<br/>
 <br/>
[……Bfuuuu!]<br/>
 <br/>
I spit out blood from my mouth.<br/>
I then wiped my bloody mouth with the torn sleeves of my robe.<br/>
 <br/>
————————–There are only 3 of them left.<br/>
 <br/>
[Bagiiieeeggaarruuuueeennngaribaruuerruuaruuaaaahheeaaaahhhhhh———-!]<br/>
 <br/>
With a tremendous momentum, one of the monsters began getting closer.<br/>
 <br/>
That’s probably a Human-Faced.<br/>
 <br/>
Why “probably”, you ask?<br/>
It’s because I can’t see that monster’s body myself.<br/>
 <br/>
[……I see.]<br/>
 <br/>
This bastard…<br/>
This monster’s using the corpse of another monster as a shield.<br/>
 <br/>
I can’t invoke my Abnormal State Skill to someone unless my target is in my sight.<br/>
 <br/>
It saw through the characteristics of my skill.<br/>
 <br/>
However, I could already see the end.<br/>
After a few moments…<br/>
 <br/>
[Slei.]<br/>
 <br/>
I call out towards Slei, who is shedding blood from her wounds.<br/>
 <br/>
[Burururuuu.]<br/>
 <br/>
[It’s time to end this.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
