<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Can I go?<br/>
Above ground, I mean…<br/>
I just have to keep an eye on everything.<br/>
If I keep on using <Paralyze>…<br/>
Wait.<br/>
There are things I have to check.<br/>
I entered the shallow tunnel I’ve found earlier.<br/>
I inject some magic into the leather bag that had lost its light.<br/>
The leather bag starts to shine.<br/>
This secures my visibility.<br/>
[Status Open…]<br/>
All right.<br/>
Come forth.<br/>
<Touka Mimori><br/>
LV 1<br/>
HP: +3<br/>
MP: +1/33<br/>
Attack: +3<br/>
Defense: +3<br/>
Physical strength: +3<br/>
Speed: +3<br/>
Wisdom: +3<br/>
<Title: E-Class Hero><br/>
As I expected.<br/>
My MP have decreased.<br/>
I’ve used <Paralyze> three times.<br/>
Once for the goddess.<br/>
Once to that minotaur.<br/>
And another for that bird head.<br/>
Does using it each time consume 10 MP?<br/>
But what happened to the remaining 2 MP…?<br/>
Ah, I get it.<br/>
It’s those two times I’ve injected magic in the leather bag, huh…<br/>
This is bad… I have almost no MP remaining.<br/>
No, the goddess explained that the status that was just a correction value.<br/>
In short, that correction value is almost gone now.<br/>
In other words, my MP pool that is not quantified is the real amount left.<br/>
If it is, then that means I should have some MP left remaining.<br/>
On the other hand, I don’t have an exact amount of how much I have in hand.<br/>
If the remaining MP is 10 or less than that, the unique skill can no longer be used.<br/>
If my only weapon can’t be used,<br/>
It’s a complete checkmate.<br/>
[…………..]<br/>
It seems that I still have some MP remaining so I could feel relieved.<br/>
But still, I’m quite worried because I can’t see how much I have left.<br/>
I shake of my anxiety and moved to the skills page.<br/>
<Personal Skill: Abnormal State Endowment/Available><br/>
Flick.<br/>
<Paralyze: LV 1 / comsumes 10 MP><br/>
<Sleep: LV 1><br/>
<Poison: LV 1><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If you look properly, the data on <Paralyze> have increased.<br/>
The MP consumed was now displayed.<br/>
Is it a mechanism where it displays the MP consumed after I’ve used it at least once?<br/>
[……….]<br/>
Anyway…<br/>
[….sh*t.]<br/>
I hold my head.<br/>
This won’t do.<br/>
No matter how I put it, there’s now way my MP would hold on like this until I reach above ground.<br/>
Does MP recover over time?<br/>
Just like RPGs, will it recover if I sleep here?<br/>
No.<br/>
Even if I completely recover, I’ll recover just 30 points.<br/>
The rest of my own MP pool is unknown.<br/>
Wishful observation of my own MP is dangerous.<br/>
I’m still E-Rank.<br/>
[And also…]<br/>
What happens if I complete consume my own MP?<br/>
Will I faint?<br/>
Maybe.<br/>
If this is the case, putting my hands on my own MP is risky.<br/>
[!]<br/>
Come to think about it…<br/>
Wait…<br/>
After Kirihara used his unique skill, <Dragonic Buster>, he said something.<br/>
Something like his skill LV has improved.<br/>
It seems that the concept of “Level Up” exists in this world.<br/>
Yeah– Just like a game.<br/>
[If my LV goes up, I could overcome this situation…]<br/>
My MP pool would increase.<br/>
The skill’s MP consumption may also decrease.<br/>
However, I’m an E-Rank hero who have a low growth rate.<br/>
S-Rank hero Kirihara have a high growth rate.<br/>
Kirihara seems to have a so-called “experience points/EXP” by using only one skill.<br/>
And leveled up.<br/>
On the other hand, I’ve already used it three times but my skill LV still hasn’t increased.<br/>
This is the difference between E-Ranks and S-Ranks.<br/>
What should I do?<br/>
How do I raise my level?<br/>
If this is like one of those classic games, if I defeat a monster, I will get EXP.<br/>
I silently stare at my skill page.<br/>
[<Poison>, huh…]<br/>
When it comes to the the skills I have that are likely to deal damage, it’s this one.<br/>
Other than that… there were also those weapons that were left by the dead heroes?<br/>
Finding something like that, huh.<br/>
Then, killing paralyzed monsters with their weapons.<br/>
I used to be a commoner, I don’t think my base abilities would be high.<br/>
Since I’m E-Rank, the correction value is also low.<br/>
However, there may a chance to win depending on the weapon’s ability.<br/>
If it can damage one side continuously, or–<br/>
[Ah, but…]<br/>
If the disposed heroes that are transferred here were robbed of their weapons, then there’s no way.<br/>
Anyway, my unique items may be called the worse ones of them.<br/>
Can I keep the weapons and magic items of the strong heroes as it is?<br/>
Well, it might be possible that a strong hero was transferred with their equipment if it was as a grudge.<br/>
[Or rather–]<br/>
I peeked outside from the tunnel.<br/>
In the direction of the bird head.<br/>
[How long is the duration of the paralysis?]<br/>
I don’t have time to waste.<br/>
I want to avoid wasting my MP anyway.<br/>
Just in case,<br/>
[I should go back and check…]<br/>
If it’s still paralyzed, it’s a pretty long duration.<br/>
One-sided attack strategy may also be quite possible.<br/>
But, if it’s not there.<br/>
[At that time–]<br/>
Well,<br/>
[Then, that’s the time…]<br/>
Now I have to go and grab my little light.<br/>
Therefore, I take the risk.<br/>
And prepare myself for what’s to come.<br/>
v<br/>
I go back to where I came from.<br/>
This choice may have been wrong.<br/>
It may have been better to keep going up.<br/>
…… but still, I have to check.<br/>
After paralyzing it, I escaped.<br/>
I don’t know how much distance it is to the bird head.<br/>
At that moment, I turned around–<br/>
The bird head who slipped into the darkness may suddenly attack.<br/>
My heartbeat is accelerating.<br/>
Doku~ Doku~ Doku~ ——-<br/>
My breathing have become shallower.<br/>
But still… Is my eyes getting used to it?<br/>
Even if there is no leather bag, I can still see a little bit.<br/>
Even in the dark.<br/>
[Ah.]<br/>
I stand still.<br/>
There’s something is falling down.<br/>
This is…<br/>
[An axe?]<br/>
Is it a disposed-one’s property?<br/>
It seems I have overlooked it earlier because I was running desperately.<br/>
I picked it up.<br/>
It’s quite heavy when I held it.<br/>
Is the blade still sharp?<br/>
I only have 1 MP left in my correction value.<br/>
Should I check its condition with my leather bag using my last remaining MP?<br/>
No, it’s not necessary yet.<br/>
If I go near that bird head, there’s a light source.<br/>
That bird head that glows with orange lines.<br/>
I’ll check it at that time.<br/>
I walk again with the axe in hand.<br/>
My chest hurts.<br/>
I’m thirsty.<br/>
That bird head…<br/>
Is it still there?<br/>
There, beyond the darkness…<br/>
[—-fu!]<br/>
I can see it.<br/>
I can see the light of the orange lines throughout its body.<br/>
Yes…<br/>
The bird head is still there.<br/>
O- Okay…<br/>
It seems it still is paralyzed.<br/>
Unless it’s just mimicking one that is.<br/>
[Pppiii kkkkoooo, bbbiii kkkooo, pppaaa, kkkooo, pppiii! PPuuuuooohh~, pppuuu chhiiii kkkoooo rrrroooohhh]<br/>
It has been released.<br/>
I can feel its clear killing intent.<br/>
I can’t do anything because I can’t move.<br/>
I can sense it.<br/>
Only its habits are the things I can’t stop.<br/>
Paralysis doesn’t seem to stop all functions of the body.<br/>
No, I quite understand…<br/>
If all functions were stopped, it will become an instant death skill.<br/>
I can see something.<br/>
What is that?<br/>
A gauge?<br/>
If you look closely, there was a yellow gauge-like display above the bird’s head.<br/>
It’s like a game display.<br/>
Supposing that this yellow gauge is the duration of the effect…<br/>
I still have half the amount of time left until it frees itself.<br/>
I take my distance away from the bird head.<br/>
I pick up one of the stones that are scattered around on the ground.<br/>
And I threw it.<br/>
Ka~ a~ an~ tsu!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It hit the back of the bird head.<br/>
What is with that high-pitched sound?<br/>
That’s not the sound of skin.<br/>
Did it have an absurdly tough skin?<br/>
I hide myself and watch.<br/>
There’s no sign of the bird head moving.<br/>
I remembered the RPGs and social games back in my original world.<br/>
Abnormal State is canceled if any attack is received.<br/>
There were some of those kind of games.<br/>
Whether or not the attack will release the paralysis,<br/>
I wanted to try that out with that attack.<br/>
It’s still not moving.<br/>
Completely.<br/>
All right.<br/>
I involuntarily find myself doing a guts pose.<br/>
Well, there were many games that the paralyzed state was still intact even after being attacked.<br/>
I felt like it follows the same theory.<br/>
Well… It seem until the gauge runs out, I can do whatever I want.<br/>
I get out of the rock where I’ve hidden.<br/>
I’ll now check the state of the axe with the light emitted from the bird head.<br/>
It looks like there’s no chips on the blade.<br/>
[The Eater, eh—]<br/>
Wielding it with both hands, I promptly swing it.<br/>
I tried imagining a lumberjack.<br/>
First, cut off each of the bird head’s arms one by one!<br/>
Buooon~!<br/>
Gakyin~!<br/>
[Guhhh….!]<br/>
A strong numbness ran through my arm.<br/>
I unintentionally dropped my axe.<br/>
My arms are bursting in pain.<br/>
A dull and heavy soreness came afterward.<br/>
[Hah~– Hahh….]<br/>
It’s no good.<br/>
It’s too hard.<br/>
Look at the blade of the axe there.<br/>
There was a crack.<br/>
[Ah…]<br/>
Some of the liquid around its body dripped towards the axe.<br/>
The axe melts…<br/>
It melted faster than when it dripped towards the ground.<br/>
Does the acid work better on metals?<br/>
I can’t use that axe anymore.<br/>
[Such toughness is foul play…]<br/>
Should I insert the blade in that hole?<br/>
No, that won’t work.<br/>
Won’t it just melt in that liquid?<br/>
If that’s so,<br/>
[I have no choice but to do it.]<br/>
The MP other than the correction value.<br/>
I will use my own MP.<br/>
I will use <Poison> on that bird head.<br/>
I get closer to the bird head.<br/>
I raised my arms.<br/>
It’s in my field of vision now.<br/>
[Fuuu~…]<br/>
I breathe deeply.<br/>
Calm down, me.<br/>
[<Poison>]<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
