<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Slei started running diagonally.<br/>
I changed my position so that I could catch the enemy in my sight.<br/>
However, the Human-Faced turned and is hiding itself from my sight.<br/>
The corpse shield is always facing towards me.<br/>
It might be simple, but it’s an effective countermeasure.<br/>
Now that Pigimaru’s tentacles couldn’t be used, my range has become quite short.<br/>
Therefore, I need to make sure that I get close enough that it’s within my range.<br/>
Line of sight.<br/>
Range.<br/>
I must acquire both of these conditions together.<br/>
 <br/>
Schwwiinnggg!<br/>
 <br/>
A cluster of light were shot towards the skies from the other side of the coprse shield.<br/>
Multiple particles of light gleamed and burst open in mid air.<br/>
 <br/>
Bang bang bang bang bang bang——–!<br/>
 <br/>
Just like a rain of arrows, lasers began raining down from the skies.<br/>
A heat ray brushed against my shoulder.<br/>
However, the laser didn’t deal that deep of an injury.<br/>
I somehow managed to evade the other lasers with some maneuvers from Slei.<br/>
Is it detecting out position based on the sound of our movement…?<br/>
Though I said that, there’s still this rain going on right now.<br/>
Detecting the sound of our footsteps through this rain should make it slightly less accurate.<br/>
In fact, there’s no pinpoint accuracy from that rain of lasers.<br/>
However, they know the approximate area where I am…<br/>
 <br/>
[…………………..]<br/>
 <br/>
That laser attack just a while ago was also this guy’s action huh.<br/>
Those stinging attacks were fired while hiding behind a safe zone.<br/>
Moreover, this guy didn’t mind dragging in the other monsters that had gathered near me in its attack.<br/>
So that’s how it is…<br/>
 <br/>
[Perhaps, their weak sense of camaraderie could be beneficial for me…]<br/>
 <br/>
…………………..<br/>
However, this situation is a bit bad.<br/>
The enemy has a long range attack.<br/>
It could attack from outside the range of my Abnormal State Skill.<br/>
At this rate, I will only end up being one-sidedly attacked.<br/>
What should I do?<br/>
Could I use that additional effect from <Berserk>’s level up earlier?<br/>
I check my status display again.<br/>
……Ah, now that I think about it.<br/>
It’s not specified but, I wonder if it’s possible to designate things “other than humans and monsters” as their  targets of attack?<br/>
For instance, I could target a stone or a tree—<br/>
 <br/>
[No……]<br/>
 <br/>
At any rate, it would be meaningless if it’s not caught within my range.<br/>
And it’s hardly within the maximum range of my skill.<br/>
If I can’t think of a way to shrink our distance——<br/>
 <br/>
[Shinshinishinshinshinshiiiiiiiiiiiiiii——————–nnnnnnnn! Nn!]<br/>
 <br/>
Light began fluttering about in mid-air again.<br/>
A rain of lasers.<br/>
Even if I were to somehow avoid them, I will not be able to conduct a counterattack in response.<br/>
At this rate, my situation would become getting worse and worse.<br/>
 <br/>
[Pigimaru, I’m sorry… but could I entrust one final job to you?]<br/>
 <br/>
It’s a bit dangerous though.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[Pii!]<br/>
 <br/>
Poke poke!<br/>
 <br/>
Pigimaru began poking my peck.<br/>
As if he’s pushing away the hesitation brewing within me.<br/>
His protrusion turned into the affirmative color, green.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’m in your debt, partner.]<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
It’s already the third time that the monster has released its laser.<br/>
Immediately after…<br/>
 <br/>
Rumble… Splash… Rumble rumble rumble!<br/>
 <br/>
An object vigorously rolled on the mud.<br/>
It’s the Fly King’s mask.<br/>
The Human-Faced reacted to that fallen “head”.<br/>
 <br/>
“Cutting the head into multiple pieces.”<br/>
 <br/>
[——Shinshin!]<br/>
 <br/>
However, a change immediately appeared from the monster on the other side of the corpse shield.<br/>
The Human-Faced sharply turned.<br/>
It doesn’t appear to be lured in by “head” decoy.<br/>
However…<br/>
 <br/>
[Piggggyyyiiiii!]<br/>
 <br/>
The slime continuously screamed.<br/>
Slei is also already moving.<br/>
Yes…<br/>
 <br/>
Towards a position where I could see the Human-Faced’s figure.<br/>
 <br/>
It’s great if I could make even just a moment of opening.<br/>
However…<br/>
 <br/>
I was only just a bit slower than it.<br/>
 <br/>
The turning speed of this Human-Faced is slightly faster.<br/>
 <br/>
An underhanded scheme of distracting it with my Fly King’s mask and going around the enemy’s blind spot.<br/>
 <br/>
And that’s how we arrived in this plan of recovering from this hopeless situation.<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[——-<Paralyze>—-]<br/>
 <br/>
[Eh!? Shhiii….nnn!?]<br/>
 <br/>
Even if you notice it now, it’s already too late.<br/>
 <br/>
———criiiccckkklleee, crraaaccckkkllleeee———–<br/>
 <br/>
What’s certain though…<br/>
 <br/>
[ I’m up here. ]<br/>
 <br/>
I threw a fake head as a decoy and made the Human-Faced think.<br/>
“This is a plan in which I would go around to the side while making use of decoys.”<br/>
However, this is actually a three-layered plan.<br/>
Pigimaru and Slei’s role was “to take a roundabout path”.<br/>
 <br/>
However, I’m not riding behind Slei.<br/>
 <br/>
When I distracted it by the mask filled with water acting as the “head”, took my feet off the stirrup.<br/>
Slei made me jump up to the sky.<br/>
The sound generated from being flung was erased under Pigimaru’s shout.<br/>
I could see understanding from the face of the Human-Faced.<br/>
 <br/>
[You finally understand huh—- Yeah, it’s exactly as you thought.]<br/>
 <br/>
As expected, this guy is one clever chap.<br/>
 <br/>
[You’re blocking my skill by not letting me see you.]<br/>
 <br/>
However, at the same time, whatever we were doing while you’re behind that corpse—–<br/>
 <br/>
[You also weren’t able to see.]<br/>
 <br/>
On the other hand though, there’s a higher risk for Pigimaru and Slei.<br/>
There’s a possibility that they would receive an attack.<br/>
Before that even happened though, I was able to decide the outcome of this battle.<br/>
 <br/>
Drop dead. I invoke Berserk towards it.<br/>
 <br/>
Before I landed on the head of the Human-Faced, I fired that certain skill towards him.<br/>
 <br/>
Splat!<br/>
 <br/>
Blood began spouting out from below me.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[————————–]<br/>
 <br/>
I wonder if I could do that even if I couldn’t see them?<br/>
 <br/>
I looked at the Human-Faced with the corpse shield.<br/>
 <br/>
However, my attention has already switched to the remaining two.<br/>
 <br/>
[———-Tsk. Sh*t……!]<br/>
 <br/>
Spear-shaped protrusions came flying towards my direction.<br/>
 <br/>
They’re aiming—- towards where I’m about to drop down.<br/>
 <br/>
The moment when you’re landing.<br/>
It’s one of the moments where evasion becomes extremely impossible during battle.<br/>
Aiming for that moment when battling is already an established tactic.<br/>
There’s a monster lurking somewhere.<br/>
At the moment I jumped towards the air, they thought about attacking this way huh.<br/>
 <br/>
Facing towards the direction of the incoming protrusion, I crossed my arms and assumed a defensive posture.<br/>
 <br/>
I don’t know the penetrating ability of these protrusions.<br/>
 <br/>
However, I don’t have any choice but to rely on my Defense status correction……!<br/>
 <br/>
Thump!<br/>
Baaaaaaammmmm!<br/>
 <br/>
One after another, spears were piercing through flesh.<br/>
 <br/>
[————————Slei.]<br/>
 <br/>
The spear-like protrusions stuck on Slei’s flank.<br/>
 <br/>
She leapt right at that moment and shielded me from the protrusions.<br/>
Moreover…<br/>
 <br/>
[Bu… ru…… ruru…… uuuuu…… Guruuuaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh———–!]<br/>
 <br/>
Is she trying to keep the monsters away from me?<br/>
Rather than faltering from her wounds, Slei releases an intimidating roar just as she drops down on the ground.<br/>
I inadvertently grind my teeth.<br/>
 <br/>
[……………………]<br/>
 <br/>
From the spear stuck on Slei’s wound, blood began dripping down and mixed along with the rain—-<br/>
 <br/>
[Hyorimmmmmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuuuuususususususuzuuuoooohhhhhhhhh!!]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It appeared in the opposite direction from where the spear came from.<br/>
The other monster—- aside from the spear throwing monster.<br/>
Followed with a distorted scream, that guy sprung out.<br/>
 <br/>
The body of a wolf.<br/>
A large wolf.<br/>
Only its head had the shape of a human’s.<br/>
 <br/>
An angry Human-Faced.<br/>
 <br/>
It slowly approached without even rustling the nearby leaves.<br/>
I can’t even hear the sound of rain falling on its body.<br/>
 <br/>
It was quite faint, but I had perceived its presence.<br/>
I’ve already conjectured its distance from me.<br/>
However—– There should still be quite the distance away from us.<br/>
 <br/>
I see.<br/>
 <br/>
Did it manage to reduce that distance with just a few steps?<br/>
 <br/>
That means…<br/>
 <br/>
The two remaining enemies were launching simultaneous attacks.<br/>
 <br/>
The three monsters who waited until the end before moving.<br/>
All of them were like fishermen waiting to reel in the fish.<br/>
All three of them were searching for the timing most advantageous to themselves.<br/>
That monster with the corpse shield is probably the one who lost its patience first.<br/>
 <br/>
[———————–]<br/>
 <br/>
My line of sight turning to the side, I checked Slei’s condition.<br/>
 <br/>
Her red eyes were looking towards me.<br/>
 <br/>
Eyes brimming with strong will.<br/>
Eyes holding strong trust.<br/>
 <br/>
And those red eyes were clearly telling me.<br/>
 <br/>
They’re telling me to fight.<br/>
 <br/>
[Yeah, Slei……——–I understand.]<br/>
 <br/>
I look towards the direction from where the spear came flying from.<br/>
 <br/>
I would put an end to this fool who injured you.<br/>
 <br/>
[——–<Berserk>——-]<br/>
 <br/>
After finally landing on the ground, I immediately invoked <Berserk> to the Human-Faced wolf.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[Hyoriiiiiiiimmmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiioogeeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhh!]<br/>
 <br/>
Measuring the timing, I jumped.<br/>
As that Human-Faced wolf lunged closer, I jumped on its back.<br/>
 <br/>
[Go.]<br/>
 <br/>
I frantically grasped on its fur so that I won’t be thrown off.<br/>
 <br/>
[<Berserk>]<br/>
 <br/>
For the current <Berserk>, it’s now possible for me to designate even things other than humans and monsters as targets.<br/>
 <br/>
Forward.<br/>
 <br/>
I designate my target towards a “tree” just within my range.<br/>
When we were about to reach that place, I <Release> my <Berserk>.<br/>
Immediately after, we begin rushing forward towards another “tree” that I designate as a target—–<br/>
 <br/>
And now, I’m using this Human-Faced wolf’s speed to advance.<br/>
 <br/>
I repeatedly this technique of invoking <Berserk> and shortly releasing them<br/>
 <br/>
I glared towards the direction of my objective.<br/>
 <br/>
[Your type of attacks also bring along some risks—- risks the same as a sniper would have. After you release your first shot, that would also release you bastard’s position…… ———You f*cking fool.]<br/>
 <br/>
Mounted on this Human-Faced wolf…<br/>
A monster with jumping power and speed that could reduce a long distance with just a few steps…<br/>
………………….<br/>
Will that monster who shot those protrusions leave its previous place?<br/>
 <br/>
I don’t think so.<br/>
 <br/>
I won’t let it have any time to escape.<br/>
 <br/>
Cutting through the wind, the flickering sceneries around were washed away behind my back.<br/>
 <br/>
[———–Reach…]<br/>
 <br/>
I could see a shadow standing behind the thin veil of rain.<br/>
 <br/>
[Gyooeeh…. Eeehhh!?]<br/>
 <br/>
I’ve finally arrived where I could clearly see the monster that has thrown those spears towards Slei.<br/>
 <br/>
It’s a monocular monster.<br/>
This monster looks quite surprised.<br/>
Is it because of surprise?<br/>
Its eye swollen like a peeled egg.<br/>
The monster has four legs.<br/>
Compared to the other monsters, it should be medium-sized.<br/>
I could see lots of hole-like organs in its body where it emits those protrusions.<br/>
Astonished, it immediately shifted to counter-attacking.<br/>
Its eyes began to glow red.<br/>
There must have been something like a charge time before it could emit those protrusions again.<br/>
It’s just accumulating something there.<br/>
The speed of those protrusions it released——- were certainly fast.<br/>
However…<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It’s also already within the range of my <Berserk>.<br/>
 <br/>
I don’t have any other skills I could choose to use right now.<br/>
I need to designate the next target of the Human-Faced wolf.<br/>
If I don’t designate anything, the Human-Faced wolf would attack the nearest being nearby, me.<br/>
In that case, I…<br/>
 <br/>
—will do my final <Target Designation>.<br/>
 <br/>
[<Ber—“Stab!”—serk!>]<br/>
 <br/>
Screams rang out as the two monsters roared.<br/>
The confused ones nearby were violently mixed in with their battle.<br/>
The Human-Faced wolf bit the monocular monster and tears it apart.<br/>
And as the monsters raged—<br/>
 <br/>
[——Tsk…….]<br/>
 <br/>
There’s a spear-shaped protrusion stuck on my left shoulder.<br/>
This is because of the monocular monster’s counterattack that it managed  to release before I could fully invoke my final <Berserk>.<br/>
An attack that was originally performed for a really long distance was released at a close distance.<br/>
I was also in the middle of skill activation.<br/>
There’s no time for me to avoid it.<br/>
 <br/>
[……..Tsk.]<br/>
 <br/>
Grinding my teeth from the sharp pain I would feel, I pull out the pointed tip buried within my flesh.<br/>
 <br/>
Splat!<br/>
 <br/>
I already expected that I would bleed from that wound, but it’s not gushing out as bad as I imagined.<br/>
Sometimes, it’s indeed better to keep something stabbed into you since you may bleed out a lot if you pull it out…<br/>
However, I could suppress the bleeding thanks to the benefit of my HP status correction.<br/>
Thereupon, I realized it.<br/>
My HP status correction…… How is it going?<br/>
Now that I think about it…<br/>
 <br/>
[Since I’ve released my connection with Pigimaru, I just put it away.]<br/>
 <br/>
It may just be slightly, but that translucent status display is still obstructing my sight.<br/>
 <br/>
[Status Open.]<br/>
 <br/>
HP: +135 / 6051<br/>
 <br/>
It has fallen lower than I thought… I was surprisingly in danger at that time huh.<br/>
I almost emptied out my correction value.<br/>
It appears that it’s quite difficult to receive the benefits of my HP status correction.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I began dealing with the dying monocular monster and the Human-Faced wolf with the paralysis & berserk combo.<br/>
 <br/>
<Your level has increased><br/>
<Lv 2017 → Lv 2019><br/>
 <br/>
The numerical values of my HP status correction should have moved now.<br/>
 <br/>
HP: +135 / 6051<br/>
HP: +156 / 6051<br/>
 <br/>
Is it just recovering little by little unlike the MP?<br/>
When you level-up, it seems that I would get that so-called “regeneration”.<br/>
I don’t know if this regeneration would have an effect even on my wound unless I wait for it myself.<br/>
 <br/>
[…………………]<br/>
 <br/>
From around the area, I could feel the presence of monsters disappearing.<br/>
 <br/>
[Hmm?]<br/>
 <br/>
I suddenly noticed.<br/>
I turned towards the notifications of my status display.<br/>
 <br/>
<Your skill level has increased><br/>
 <br/>
It seems that <Paralyze>’s level has also risen at that time.<br/>
Now then, what kind of additional effect would I get this time—-<br/>
 <br/>
[What?]<br/>
 <br/>
Placing my hand over my mouth, I frowned as I stared at the notification display.<br/>
 <br/>
[This is the “advanced” skill of <Paralyze>, you say……?]<br/>
 <br/>
<An advanced skill has been unleashed.><br/>
 <br/>
<Slow><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
