<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Walking with quick strides, I look at the notifications.<br/>
The advanced skill branching from the skill I most frequently use, <Paralyze>.<br/>
However, contrary to its name, this skill doesn’t have an image of being any way more superior.<br/>
Far from that, this looks more like a basic skill than—-<br/>
[No, that’s not right.]<br/>
It’s still too early to measure my Abnormal State Skills based on the standard image.<br/>
At first glance, this skill may look useless.<br/>
However, this could change depending on how I could use this.<br/>
My other skills also held power beyond my preconception.<br/>
This is the “Failure Frame” Abnormal State Skill that has already saved me countless times.<br/>
There must be somewhere I could use this skill.<br/>
However, my first priority right now is to check if those guys are alright.<br/>
I rushed towards where Pigimaru and Slei should have been.<br/>
▽<br/>
Thankfully, Pigimaru and Slei are still alive.<br/>
However, Slei had her transformation released and is quite worn out.<br/>
Even after releasing her transformation, there’s still her wound on her left hind leg.<br/>
Bandaging her wound with a piece of cloth, I carry Slei on my shoulder.<br/>
If it’s in the size of her first form, I could still carry her.<br/>
Is it thanks to the status correction that she’s lighter than I thought?<br/>
I don’t know if it’s the effect of the <Attack> or <Physical Strength> status correction.<br/>
……Well, both of their numbers were the same anyway.<br/>
Either way, having this status correction is quite beneficial for me.<br/>
▽<br/>
[Paa…… kyuu……]<br/>
[That’s enough, just relax and rest already.]<br/>
Muddy water piling up on the ground.<br/>
I tread through that muddy ground one step at a time.<br/>
I was walking in the woods carrying Slei.<br/>
Pigimaru is taking some rest while he’s coiled around my waist.<br/>
Is it because he’s exhausted?<br/>
He isn’t coiled around my waist that tightly.<br/>
[I’m sorry for unreasonably overworking the two of you.]<br/>
The rain that had been violently crashing down on us has already stopped.<br/>
It’s as if the ending rain overlaps with the end of the battle.<br/>
The cloudy skies have begun to be dyed in clear reddish color.<br/>
It seems that the day is about to end.<br/>
Were Seras and the others still waiting in that cave?<br/>
……It’s not like I’m reluctant to walk all night when I’m alone.<br/>
I’m already used to the darkness.<br/>
However, considering Slei’s current state, I can’t afford to do anything unreasonable.<br/>
The sound of water dripping down from a leaf.<br/>
The sunset finished dying this complex maze-like sea of trees in its color…<br/>
“Drip, drop.”<br/>
A drop of water fell from the top of my hair down to my toe.<br/>
Those toes continued walking forward.<br/>
The ravages of our massacre continuously plunge into my line of sight.<br/>
Fallen and broken trees.<br/>
The ravages of the violent battle telling its story within this silence.<br/>
The nearby places I pass by as I walk back is brimming with monster corpses.<br/>
Occasionally, I could hear some groans coming from somewhere.<br/>
They’re probably some monsters still living even after being poisoned.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[Now then…]<br/>
The ruined path that I’ve been following…<br/>
I look ahead on this path.<br/>
[I wonder where my current place right now matches with the map I remembered…]<br/>
As one would expect, it’s impossible for me to be always aware of my current location even in the middle of a fight.<br/>
[Well, if I keep following this disastrous path, I should eventually be able to come back.]<br/>
[Pakyuuu……]<br/>
Then, Slei began waving her tail.<br/>
[Hmm? What’s the matter?]<br/>
Her tail keeps on swinging towards a certain direction.<br/>
[Should I go that way?]<br/>
[……Pakyuu.]<br/>
[You…… You could still smell Seras and the others’ scent even in this kind of situation?]<br/>
[……Kyunn.]<br/>
An affirming soft cry.<br/>
[—-I understand.]<br/>
Following Slei’s directions, I proceeded further.<br/>
On the way, Pigimaru asked if I’m alright.<br/>
“I’m alright”, I replied.<br/>
[I’m still the Hero-sama whose level exceeds Lv 2000 after all.]<br/>
I was a discarded one, though.<br/>
It’s good that Seras isn’t here right now.<br/>
If she were here, she would know that my “I’m alright” reply earlier was a lie.<br/>
[As expected, I never thought that I would defeat that amount of monsters unscathed…… However—]<br/>
The reason why I survived in that scramble of life.<br/>
The differences between the strengths of the Human-Faced were quite large.<br/>
Yes— there weren’t any of them that were as strong as the Soul Eater.<br/>
That one with the smiling face we met in the ruins we’ve passed by before.<br/>
Even that one wasn’t as strong as the Soul Eater.<br/>
If that Soul Eater were considered as just average among the Human-Faced I’ve encountered earlier, I would have already died.<br/>
[It’s probably because that one is already a veteran in his duty of acting as the lid, preventing the disposed people from coming out… That must mean that guy’s an exceptional one.]<br/>
Though I say that, there were some quick-witted monsters among those I’ve fought just now.<br/>
I’ve known their quick-wittedness with my own body.<br/>
However, those monsters that were drawn in by that scream……<br/>
[Perhaps, those ones which are the most atrocious and clever wouldn’t be drawn in by something like that.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The Demon Zone is dotted with underground ruins.<br/>
Human-Faced different from the ones I’ve fought should still be living there, looking at the rampaging monsters aboveground.<br/>
I can’t discard such a possibility.<br/>
[It might be dangerous to think that the Soul Eater is the most superior among the Human-Faced……]<br/>
Absentmindedly walking for a while, I kept moving my feet.<br/>
▽<br/>
I take a deep breath.<br/>
[……………………………..Well, I already expected this.]<br/>
If they were to find a weakened prey, they’d naturally come out.<br/>
There’s no reason for them to overlook this opportunity.<br/>
The monsters gathered.<br/>
However, this could also be interpreted positively.<br/>
There’s an area where the monsters who deserted earlier carefreely loitered around.<br/>
And now, they’ve come back.<br/>
[………………….]<br/>
The monsters’ strength were quite average.<br/>
I am now carrying Slei.<br/>
I’m also quite exhausted.<br/>
Pushing through this amount of monsters would be quite tough but—-<br/>
[Well, their number and quality doesn’t matter. In that case…… Status Open.]<br/>
I could try my new skill.<br/>
Its MP consumption is <5000>.<br/>
The consumption of my other skills were just <10>.<br/>
……That’s quite a big jump there.<br/>
However, my remaining amount of MP is more than 60000.<br/>
It wouldn’t be a problem even after trying it once.<br/>
Whatever its effect is, if it’s no good, I could just deal with them with my other standard skills.<br/>
The excited voice of monsters quivered under the twilight.<br/>
Slei and Pigimaru tried to take action.<br/>
“Leave it to me”, or so I said as I stopped them.<br/>
[<Slow>]<br/>
Now then, I wonder what would happen—–<br/>
[………..,————-Wha!?]<br/>
My eyes opened wide.<br/>
The first thing that caught my eyes was my status display.<br/>
My MP entry.<br/>
It decreased at a frightening speed.<br/>
[What the heck… is this skill? This is as MP-consuming as Pigimaru’s connection technique… No, it could even be worse—–]<br/>
Suddenly, I noticed it.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The decrease rate of my MP is more than I expected.<br/>
Moreover, while I’m absorbed looking at it—–<br/>
The monsters launched arrows and spears towards me from all directions<br/>
However, they weren’t as skilled as I expected.<br/>
In particular, those spears were completely off target.<br/>
I unsheathe the dagger on my waist.<br/>
There’s a wide difference if you compare their archery skill to Seras’.<br/>
I wouldn’t be killed by arrows like this.<br/>
It was at that moment when I finally decided and started moving.<br/>
[………….Ah?]<br/>
They’re slow?<br/>
Whether it’s the spears…<br/>
The arrows…<br/>
Or the monsters’ movements…<br/>
Even the beads of water falling from the leaves were slow.<br/>
Yes, it’s as if everything is subtly—-<br/>
Slow.<br/>
However, only I……<br/>
Only I could move normally.<br/>
I couldn’t feel any change or discomfort in my movements.<br/>
Therefore, it’s just me noticing the changes brought by <Slow> huh.<br/>
[Moreover……]<br/>
It’s not that slow like that so-called “Slow-motion”.<br/>
What about Pigimaru and Slei?<br/>
Calling out to them…<br/>
[Pii.]<br/>
[Pakyuuu~]<br/>
They just replied like normal.<br/>
Their cries didn’t slow down.<br/>
Is it because they’re quite close to me?<br/>
If that’s not the case……<br/>
There must be a certain meter of radius in which they’re unaffected, or something like that?<br/>
Or perhaps, both of those could be the answers……?<br/>
[……I’m going to let go for a few moments, Slei.]<br/>
I hold out my hand.<br/>
The speed of the approaching monster…<br/>
I have enough time before it could even approach.<br/>
I can’t feel any worry about this situation falling into crisis.<br/>
If that’s the case—- how about I verify it?<br/>
[<Paralyze>]<br/>
<Overlapping usage is not allowed><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It’s not possible for me to use this together with its advanced skill huh.<br/>
Then, next would be…<br/>
[<Dark>, <Berserk>, <Poison>]<br/>
<Overlapping usage is not allowed><br/>
I can’t use any skill together with it.<br/>
[It could only be used alone huh. Well……]<br/>
Changing the grip on my dagger, I quickly close the distance with the monster.<br/>
[Depending on the way I use it, this could be usable in various ways.]<br/>
I get ready while walking.<br/>
I passed by the spear that had slowed down.<br/>
The word is still quite slow.<br/>
I finally came before the monster who threw that spear.<br/>
The monster looks bewildered.<br/>
Well, it’s no wonder why.<br/>
[I guess I need to confirm this later huh.]<br/>
My free left hand.<br/>
I walk forward with my left hand sticking forward.<br/>
Thereupon, when I got closer to a certain distance—-<br/>
[Gruu……? Gauuuuu—–]<br/>
The slowness of the monster disappeared.<br/>
But when I see that it’s going to move normally, I immediately pull away my hand.<br/>
The monsters were brought back into the world of slowness. (T/N: za warudo)<br/>
This means……<br/>
[The range, huh?]<br/>
When they’re within a one meter radius around me, their slowness disappears….<br/>
So, is that why Pigimaru and Slei weren’t affected?<br/>
[In that case……]<br/>
With a step, I quickly come close towards the monster.<br/>
Swoosh<br/>
I slash the monster’s throat with my blade.<br/>
Splllllaaaattttt!<br/>
I could now understand the range where the slowness disappears.<br/>
And, in this <Slow> state……<br/>
[It’s a lot slower for the enemy to move into defense.]<br/>
In other words, it’s easier for me to attack first.<br/>
With this, it seems to be easy to aim at their vital points.<br/>
This would be quite frightening for the other party.<br/>
An attack is drawing near in front of you.<br/>
However, moving into defense is delayed.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I turned back.<br/>
I still have other monsters to deal with.<br/>
There’s still three more monsters.<br/>
There was bewilderment and fear on the face of these three.<br/>
[………—–Wait.]<br/>
When I invoked that skill……<br/>
All four of them weren’t in my sight.<br/>
I was assaulted from the front, left, right and behind me.<br/>
Yes, the monsters came from “every direction”.<br/>
So far, the property of my Abnormal State Skills were as follows.<br/>
“If the target isn’t within sight, the invocation condition couldn’t be met.”<br/>
However, this new skill…<br/>
[Even if the target isn’t within sight, all targets within the skill’s range would be affected……]<br/>
I see——– “Advanced” skill huh.<br/>
I begin running my thoughts.<br/>
Just for instance…<br/>
I’m in a situation where I couldn’t attack first or had been surprise attacked.<br/>
At that time, I feel that is when this skill could show its true value.<br/>
Or perhaps, when I want to escape from the attack range of my opponent.<br/>
If I were to use it well, I can expect this skill to be active when I need to avoid or block attacks.<br/>
[I should verify the maximum range of my skill later. Next would be……]<br/>
Whether an object would still be affected by my skill after I touch it, and if I could move it myself.<br/>
Slei’s tail swayed.<br/>
I feel like—- it sometimes crosses over the one meter radius.<br/>
However, the speed of her tail didn’t slow down.<br/>
That means… Is it that a person could still normally move if they’re in contact with me?<br/>
[Hmm? What’s with these numbers……?]<br/>
I noticed the additional display next to my MP.<br/>
Balance: 1359 / 5000<br/>
Balance: 1313 / 5000<br/>
The numbers were steadily decreasing.<br/>
……Ah, so that’s how it is.<br/>
[The duration of the skill is until the 5000 MP was fully consumed and it falls down to zero huh…]<br/>
Then, a certain prediction came into my mind.<br/>
[……Perhaps, I may be able to see each of the duration of my skills.]<br/>
With that thought running on my mind, I quickly dealt with the remaining three monsters.<br/>
Before long, the numbers 1313 dropped down to 0.<br/>
The speed of the world returns.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[I still have plenty more MP remaining…… Now then—-]<br/>
I felt the presence of more monsters.<br/>
[Should I try it out with them too?]<br/>
I walk a little closer towards the approaching monster.<br/>
Verification starts.<br/>
[<Slow>]<br/>
<Still on cooldown><br/>
(T/N: It was stated as cool time in raws, but I think more people would know what this means when I word it as cooldown.)<br/>
[Well, so that’s how it is huh.]<br/>
This new skill.<br/>
Each time you use it, a separator of “5000 MP” is already provided.<br/>
What does that mean?<br/>
“That means I couldn’t just use all of my MP for a single use.”<br/>
In other words, it’s not possible to continuously use this skill by consuming all of my MP.<br/>
The consumption of 5000MP for one use.<br/>
A separator.<br/>
Once you use up the 5000 MP, it will be automatically released just like earlier.<br/>
[That also means that I couldn’t use the tactics of repeatedly activating and releasing huh.]<br/>
“Cooldown”<br/>
There must be some kind of restriction for having such a convenient power.<br/>
That’s how society works.<br/>
No……<br/>
My Abnormal Status Skills are still too convenient even with that.<br/>
I look back and start moving forward.<br/>
[Anyway, I somehow understand the property of <Slow>—- to some extent.]<br/>
I would deal with the rest of the monsters the same as I usually do.<br/>
[Then, with this……, ——–Hm?]<br/>
I can feel my legs wobbling.<br/>
My knees gave in.<br/>
However, I stand firm and pick myself up.<br/>
……I can’t step any further soon huh.<br/>
I finish it off with my dagger.<br/>
I still can’t use <Slow> because it’s still in cooldown.<br/>
However, there’s no problem.<br/>
Putting strength into my body, I held out my arm just as I always do.<br/>
[It’s a bit tough fighting with this amount of monsters in this current state but…… I should be able to do it with the skill I’m most familiar with.]<br/>
Then…<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[Pa- Pakyyuuu!]<br/>
Suddenly, Slei got excited.<br/>
[……I know.]<br/>
There’s an unusual one mixed along those monsters’ group.<br/>
It’s a bit troublesome in my current state.<br/>
It’s approaching this place at a tremendous speed.<br/>
………………….<br/>
If it’s possible, I would need to deal with this one first.<br/>
I turn my arm towards the direction of that thing.<br/>
Although there were still the other monsters approaching us, this one should be dealt with as soon as possible——-<br/>
Slassshhh!<br/>
The body of a fractured monster.<br/>
An arc of blood drawn out in mid-air.<br/>
[Gururu…… Garururururuuuuuuuuuuuu………]<br/>
I lower my raised arm.<br/>
[So that’s why…]<br/>
Is that why Slei was quite excited?<br/>
……I should have expected to see her here but…<br/>
[I’ve finally found you, my lord.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
