<br/>
<Kashima Kobato POV><br/>
A leopardwoman who introduced herself as Eve.<br/>
After parting ways with her, I walked through the dimly lit forest.<br/>
The sun is about to fall…….<br/>
A really dim forest.<br/>
A scenery only filled with lonesomeness.<br/>
However, I don’t feel that much anxiousness.<br/>
Walking in front and behind me were the Takao Sisters.<br/>
This reassured feeling I had is probably thanks to the presence of these two girls.<br/>
I…<br/>
[Umm…]<br/>
–started speaking with some words of gratitude.<br/>
[Once again, thank you—- very much, Takao-san.]<br/>
[Woah, awesome… Once again— Kashima said. You can just call me by my name. The two of us were Takaos, right? Also, that honorifics habit of yours? You don’t need to do that, we’re both in the same grade anyway.]<br/>
Itsuki lightheartedly said.<br/>
She’s trying to be caring.<br/>
I can tell from her voice.<br/>
[……Itsuki-san and Hijiri-san, both of you’re quite amazing. Even when we’re in this kind of place, I don’t feel like you’ve changed the way you acted back when you were in our previous world.]<br/>
[Humans are creatures that change, whether they’re sent to a different world or not.]<br/>
Walking behind me, Hijiri said.<br/>
[Something may have been an impetus for that to happen, but in the end, people who could change in whichever world that is will change and people who don’t change won’t change.]<br/>
[Y- You really are amazing, Hijiri-san……]<br/>
My shoulders dropped.<br/>
I could only say “amazing”.<br/>
I dislike my lack of vocabulary.<br/>
(Even after reading so many novels, I can’t find the words I want to say when it comes to actual conversation…)<br/>
I am trying to put together a clever conversation in my head.<br/>
However, it quickly falls apart.<br/>
As I thought, I’m really bad at live communication.<br/>
I’m also trying hard to change myself.<br/>
However, we may not be able to change some parts of us that were already deeply rooted to our personalities.<br/>
[By the way, Kashima.]<br/>
[Ah, un.]<br/>
[I have something I want to ask you.]<br/>
Something that the Takao Itsuki wants to ask me……?<br/>
I wonder what that is.<br/>
[What… is it?]<br/>
[Why are you in Asagi’s group?]<br/>
[Eh?]<br/>
[No matter how I look at it, Kashima is much closer to Prez.]<br/>
[That is—-]<br/>
I thought back to that time back in the royal castle of Alion.<br/>
△<br/>
The First Trial.<br/>
The requirement that we need to achieve is to kill a monster.<br/>
However, I couldn’t kill it.<br/>
I can’t do it.<br/>
It was at that time.<br/>
Asagi…<br/>
[For the frightened Poppo-chan, this reliable Asagi-san will help you.]<br/>
She whispered.<br/>
Speaking of the results—– I was able to achieve killing it.<br/>
In front of us lies the monster’s corpse.<br/>
[You did it, Poppo-chan~! It looks like a lucky hit after you got frightened and got impatient, but it turned out to be a breakthrough! With this, first trial completed ♪]<br/>
Asagi’s proclamation was conspicuously loud.<br/>
I think she made it louder on purpose so that the other people around us could hear it.<br/>
Asagi then approached.<br/>
From diagonally behind me, she placed her elbow on my shoulder.<br/>
[Umu! I’ll explain it so that even Poppo, who had sent most of the nutrients to her breasts rather than saving enough for her brain, could understand.]<br/>
Affectionately, she began speaking.<br/>
[Humanity has been surviving by holding each other’s nyand. But the time that we don’t work together, we woof begin crushing each other next. Therefore, kweh also have to work together.]<br/>
My legs were slightly trembling.<br/>
It was as if my body was being entangled by a snake.<br/>
At that time, I thought that Ikusaba Asagi was “frightening”.<br/>
I’m unable to reply.<br/>
My words won’t come out.<br/>
[Kobato-san.]<br/>
From behind me, Asagi’s hand crawled over to my left breast.<br/>
[Have you heard about the story of humans?]<br/>
▽<br/>
I’m scared.<br/>
I’m scared of Ikusaba Asagi.<br/>
I then spoke.<br/>
[Just like that…… I ended up being in Asagi’s group.]<br/>
Looking easygoing, Itsuki crossed her hands behind her head and said.<br/>
[I personally have a bad feeling about Asagi……]<br/>
Before I knew it, I could feel moisture in my body.<br/>
It’s not because I got wet from the rain.<br/>
I don’t like this feeling……<br/>
I know well when I sweat.<br/>
I spoke.<br/>
[Un, I know.]<br/>
With an innocent expression on her face, Itsuki tilted her head.<br/>
[Hmm? You also thought she’s dangerous, Kashima? ……Is Asagi holding on your weakness?]<br/>
I shook my head.<br/>
[No, it’s not that.]<br/>
□<br/>
“Poppo~ You really want to go to Ayaka’s side, right?”<br/>
“Un…… It was like that at first.]<br/>
“Hoh–?”<br/>
“I’m now, well…… I’m indebted to Asagi-san for that time back in that trial……”<br/>
“Ohh~! You’re really kindhearted, aren’t you?! This Asagi-san is deeply moved.”<br/>
▽<br/>
I won’t run away from Asagi’s group.<br/>
That’s because…<br/>
[This might be able to help out Sogou-san someday.]<br/>
Itsuki blinked her eyes in surprise.<br/>
[Eh?]<br/>
I tried making a smile.<br/>
But…I couldn’t.<br/>
[It’s because Asagi-san thinks I’m an idiot…… And perhaps, she doesn’t have anyone she could leak out her true emotions……]<br/>
Asagi has a good relationship with most of the girls.<br/>
She has lots of friends.<br/>
However, there isn’t anyone she could call as her close friend.<br/>
Yes, this whole time.<br/>
All throughout this time.<br/>
[Asagi-san is very smart, that’s why she’s very selective about who she could let her true emotions out. And I’m sure that she knows that I’m afraid of her…… Therefore, umm…… I’m sure that she thinks that I can never go against her……]<br/>
(In fact, she often talks about things that were different from what she talks about with the other children…)<br/>
It should alright for me to say that it’s not just being superficial, but it’s authentic.<br/>
I like reading.<br/>
Thanks to that, I could understand such subtleties…… I think.<br/>
I somehow think so, but…<br/>
[Living a life of hiding your true emotions can be more stressful than you think.]<br/>
Hijiri interjected.<br/>
[No one is strong enough to go through his entire life wearing a mask of lies. Besides, the smarter a person is, the more that person would desire to show herself to others. It confirms their superiority—- it makes them want to assert it to others.]<br/>
Itsuki’s brows creased.<br/>
She looks pretty confused.<br/>
[Hmmm~? Elder Sister…… What exactly does that mean?]<br/>
[It just means that when people are smart, they want to brag about how smart they are to someone.]<br/>
[Ah, I see. Eh? But you’re also smart, Elder Sister…… right?]<br/>
[Now that you’re saying that, I guess I couldn’t deny that.]<br/>
[Even though it’s the Elder Sister huh.]<br/>
[Well, yeah. I’m still human.]<br/>
Hijiri lets out a small smile.<br/>
[Well…… If someone’s too smart, they could also be thinking on a different level from those who desire to show their superiority to others.]<br/>
[Hmm— Someone you could boast at huh…… Ah, say…… Is there even any meaning with boasting myself to others……?]<br/>
[You’re definitely my little sister that I’m proud of.]<br/>
[Fueehehe♪]<br/>
(Hijiri-san’s answer just now…… That’s probably not the answer that you’re trying to ask her, Itsuki-san……)<br/>
However, I can’t say anything.<br/>
Looking like she’s feeling better, Itsuki turns her questions towards me.<br/>
[But Kashima—? Why would it be for Prez’s best interest for you to talk about Asagi’s real emotions?]<br/>
[She may tell me.]<br/>
[Hmm? Telling you……? What is?]<br/>
[I’m sure that somewhere along the way, Asagi-san will tell me about her important plans.]<br/>
I expect that she would at least utter a hint.<br/>
[If Asagi-san were to try planning something that could endanger Sogou-san’s life…… I, the person closest to her……]<br/>
I place my hand on my chest.<br/>
As if I’m trying to calm my heart down.<br/>
[I’m sure that I’ll be able to go tell Sogou-san about it as soon as I can.]<br/>
Itsuki stops walking.<br/>
[Kashima, you—-]<br/>
[It’s alright.]<br/>
Gulp<br/>
I gulp down the saliva into my thirsty throat.<br/>
[Thinking about this “foolishly frightened Poppo”…… Asagi-san wouldn’t think about something like this.]<br/>
Even if I thought about an idea like this, I won’t have the courage to do it.<br/>
If it’s Ikusaba Asagi, she would think something like that.<br/>
She’s right though.<br/>
In fact, I don’t have the courage to do so.<br/>
Yes…<br/>
It’s still not time.<br/>
(………Therefore, I need to get stronger.)<br/>
Then…<br/>
[It seems that it’s the right decision to search for Kashima-san.]<br/>
Hijiri said.<br/>
Thereupon, I remembered about the question I’ve been holding in for a long time.<br/>
[N- Now that I think about it…… Why did Hijiri-san and Itsuki-san come here to help me?]<br/>
[I guess it would be because the current Sogou-san needs a living Kashima-san.]<br/>
[M- Me?]<br/>
[What a boring person.]<br/>
[Eh?]<br/>
Hijiri touched the hilt of her sword that’s in its scabbard.<br/>
[Without telling us, the Goddess had sent a separate task force for this expedition. No one among them uttered a word, so it’s kind of hard to guess…… But their purpose is probably to assassinate the girls in Sogou-san’s group.]<br/>
[……….Ehhh!?]<br/>
[She must have intended to place a mental burden on Sogou-san by letting her precious companions die.]<br/>
I’m quite shocked.<br/>
[W- Why would she do something so horrible…… Even though it’s the Goddess herself that summoned them…… So that everyone could return to our previous world…… Even though everyone is working hard to defeat the Great Demon Emperor for the sake of a Goddess……!]<br/>
[The Goddess wants Sogou-san as an obedient pawn. That’s also proof how valuable the S-Rank Heroes are…… But in order for her to achieve that, she must first destroy her mind—- Then, brainwashing her and rebuilding her in the way she wants.]<br/>
Hijiri’s eyes look directly at my own eyes.<br/>
[And Kashima-san’s death would probably have a really negative impact on Sogou-san as well. I knew that based on what I saw.]<br/>
(I- Is that so…… When Hijiri-san said that, I felt a little happy……)<br/>
[How boring.]<br/>
From behind the darkness, Hijiri weaved her words.<br/>
[If Sogou-san’s heart is to be broken right now, it’s easy to imagine what will happen after that.]<br/>
Her figure drenched in rain.<br/>
Her wet clothing clinging to her skin.<br/>
Those accentuated the lines on Hijiri’s body.<br/>
She’s slender, but doesn’t look frail at all.<br/>
Her dignified figure calmly stands under the dim lights.<br/>
I can’t exactly explain it, but I felt a sense of dreadfulness looking at her.<br/>
[Kashima-san, you said earlier that everyone is working hard So that we could return to our previous world, right?]<br/>
[Eh? U- Un……]<br/>
A few wet strands of her hair stuck around her mouth.<br/>
Hijiri gently brushed them away with her slender fingertips and elegantly pulled them back.<br/>
[The requirement for us to return to our previous world is to defeat the Great Demon Emperor. And even if we were to accomplish that—–]<br/>
Takao Hijiri.<br/>
Clear…<br/>
Clever…<br/>
Cold.<br/>
(……Hijiri-san.)<br/>
[I just can’t see how that Goddess could have meekly return us to our previous world.]<br/>
▽<br/>
[Ohhh— Poppo, you’re back! We’re worried about you~]<br/>
The group of 2-C welcomed our return.<br/>
The first one who embraced me was Ikusaba Asagi.<br/>
[Hmm—-? So, why were you together with the Takaos?]<br/>
[I happened to meet them and they helped me……]<br/>
Asagi glanced towards the Takao Sisters.<br/>
[Fuunnnn… It seems that Takao were quite the kindhearted people huh…… Hehhh……]<br/>
[Kashima-san……]<br/>
[Ah…… Sogou-san.]<br/>
It was Sogou Ayaka who was rushing over towards us.<br/>
Ayaka placed her hands on both of my shoulders.<br/>
[Are you alright? You’re not hurt?]<br/>
I could tell that she was sincerely concerned about me.<br/>
Unexpectedly, I could feel my cheeks relaxing to a smile.<br/>
[Un, thanks to the Takao Sisters……]<br/>
I didn’t call them “Hijiri-san” or “Itsuki-san”.<br/>
Because I felt like I shouldn’t be perceived as being close to them right now.<br/>
Especially by Asagi.<br/>
Ayaka sent a grateful glance towards the Takao Sisters.<br/>
[Yes, Takao-san and the others……]<br/>
Immediately after we returned, the Takao Sisters just lightly reported to Nyantan.<br/>
They didn’t look like they’re going to be involved with the other students.<br/>
Then, I thought of something but—-<br/>
[I hope you’re aware that you’ve wasted my precious time by disappearing of your own accord…]<br/>
It was Kirihara Takuto who spoke towards the twins.<br/>
Even though he’s been disregarding their existence in the class until now.<br/>
[Heh… What’s the matter, Kirihara? It’s quite unusual for you to get involved with us.]<br/>
Itsuki brazenly responded.<br/>
She placed herself in between Hijiri and Kirihara.<br/>
It’s as if she was protecting her sister.<br/>
[Sogou has already dropped out among the candidates.]<br/>
[……Huh? What the heck are you talking about? I don’t understand what you’re suddenly saying.]<br/>
[What I’m saying is that the only decent S-Rank left might be Takao Hijiri….. and this me.]<br/>
[No, like I said, I don’t know what you mean.]<br/>
[Either you sisters join us or you’ll be joining the side of the dropouts…… You’re going to have to make a decision.]<br/>
Itsuki’s eyes fixated on him.<br/>
[You seriously have maggots in your brain, Kirihara.]<br/>
[Takao Itsuki, the words of this King Vessel is a gift I pass to you…… For just a freebie with your sister, you’ve been barking a lot today.]<br/>
[I won’t deny that I may be just a freebie together with my sister…… For the Naked King who has been ignoring us until now, what’s the matter with you now?]<br/>
Kirihara deeply sighs.<br/>
[It’s just that I’m going to finally make you two aware of this King Vessel…… Don’t make me say it again. You’re exactly that so-called “good grades but  stupid” kind of person……]<br/>
[I don’t want you to say that to me just because I’ve beaten you several times in the finals.]<br/>
Clack<br/>
Kirihara cracked his neck.<br/>
[I’ve intended on being a generalist after all……]<br/>
[And so…… what?]<br/>
[Even so……]<br/>
Kirihara held out his hand towards Hijiri.<br/>
[Hijiri…… You should do a better job disciplining your little sister.]<br/>
Plak<br/>
Itsuki blocked Kirihara’s hand as he was about to reach out to her sister.<br/>
[What the hell are you doing, don’t try to touch my sister without permission.]<br/>
Without any change in her expression, Hijiri stayed silent.<br/>
It seems that her eyes were also observing Kirihara.<br/>
[In my mind…… I planned to go easy on you for now, trying to bear a compassionate heart but……]<br/>
Sighing, Kirihara combed his hair behind his back.<br/>
[I’ll show you the disparity between us… I just hope that this would end up with you staying safe but……]<br/>
[Just do it.]<br/>
Silence.<br/>
In that moment, everyone paused as if the time has stopped.<br/>
And then…<br/>
[<Dragonic—-]<br/>
———-bbrrrrrrRRRRRRR————<br/>
[<Lightning Shifter>]<br/>
——–Crackle, craaccckkkllleeee——–<br/>
[Oi! That’s enough, you little brats!]<br/>
In fact, Nyantan was about to make her move and stop them.<br/>
But it was Abyss, the eldest daughter of the Four Revered Saints—– who stopped them.<br/>
[You want this situation to get more annoying that much!? Want me to knock some sense into your f*cking brains until you start getting obedient, just like what I did to that mannerless moron Oyamada!? Hey, what the f*ck do you all want!?]<br/>
Looking at him, I could see Oyamada Shougo standing behind Abyss with a bruise on his cheek.<br/>
With a hateful look in his eyes, he’s glaring at Abyss.<br/>
He probably did something that he got smacked.<br/>
The reason why he wasn’t near Kirihara was apparently because he was with Abyss.<br/>
Kobato gulped.<br/>
(To be able to get between those two without feeling any nervousness…… As I thought, the Four Revered Saints were amazing……]<br/>
It was Kirihara who pulled away first.<br/>
[Every single one of you were really lucky that… you narrowly escaped death.]<br/>
Unhappily rubbing his neck, Kirihara sighed.<br/>
[Because this half wits were acting like they’re good guys, the number of these misapprehensive low specs that’s better off dying has been increasing…… It’s these idiots and incompetents that don’t understand that they’re dragging the feet of the strong people, did you think they would change whether we’re in a different world or not? This is… the King’s solitude…… Tsk, how dangerous……]<br/>
Itsuki also stepped back.<br/>
[……Just because we came to a different world, you suddenly started losing your grip huh, Kirihara?]<br/>
[Itsuki.]<br/>
Hijiri finally opened her mouth.<br/>
[You saved me, thank you.]<br/>
[Fumuu…… For bastards like him, Elder Sister doesn’t even need to deal with him yourself.]<br/>
[Ohh, it seems like everyone’s already here?]<br/>
The person who arrived next was the eldest son of the Four Revered Saints, Agito.<br/>
He somehow appeared from the opposite direction of where the innermost part of the Demon Zone should have been.<br/>
Moreover, he’s now riding on top of a horse.<br/>
[I’m sorry, but we have to leave before the sun rises.]<br/>
Agito glanced at Nyantan.<br/>
Nyantan slightly nodded.<br/>
Around us, some of the girls……<br/>
[ [ [Kyyaaahhh, Agito-san ♪] ] ]<br/>
Their high-pitched chorus rang out.<br/>
[Hey!? He’s even riding a horse!? Plus, it’s even a white horse!]<br/>
[Dreamy, too dreamy! You’re seriously too dreamy!]<br/>
[He’s not just a dream! A prince on a white horse! I never thought that it would be real……!]<br/>
[Ahri! It’s the opposite of that, Ahri! It’s Prince Charming, Ahri!]<br/>
[Ah, I can’t share such a magnificent sight on SNS, what a tragedy……!]<br/>
Wryly smiling, Agito looked towards Alion’s direction.<br/>
[How should I say this…… Putting aside that strange march of monsters anomaly, it looks like we were supposed to go back to Alion anyway.]<br/>
Without looking at Agito, Kirihara asked.<br/>
[Did something happen?]<br/>
[From the encampment we placed near the border of the Demon Zone, a messenger riding on top of a fast horse came from Alion.]<br/>
From above the horse, Agito informed us.<br/>
[The Great Demon Emperor that hadn’t moved until now has finally started a massive southward march.]<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
