<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<Nyantan Kikeepat POV><br/>
 <br/>
The goddess finally finished reading my report.<br/>
 <br/>
[There were some things I never expected, but it seems that making the Heroes more powerful by going to the Golden Demon Zone was a success. The casualties were only two light-colored Heroes, whose presences don’t change anything whether they’re alive or not…… These results are superb ♪]<br/>
 <br/>
The Royal Castle of Alion.<br/>
The Goddess’ Personal Room.<br/>
Inside this room were only the Goddess and I.<br/>
The Goddess is twirling her fingers between her hair.<br/>
 <br/>
[“Levelling-up”…… Everytime they kill a Golden-Eyed monster, we could visibly see growth within them. There is no such thing like an “easy growth” in this world. Before they notice it, raising these numbers itself would be a pleasure for them… Fufu, maybe it’s in the human’s nature to be a slave to numbers.]<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess threw the report back on to the desk.<br/>
 <br/>
[But Nyantan…… I can’t help but wonder why Sogou-san’s precious friends are still alive. Do you know why? It can’t be helped if I think that it’s really strange.]<br/>
 <br/>
[It appears that someone or something has stopped them.]<br/>
 <br/>
[Ehh~? D- Don’t tell me that you didn’t investigate who stopped them—- Well, you probably did, right? You’re excellent after all. I’m really sorry if I doubted you.]<br/>
[My apologies. I couldn’t figure out who it was.]<br/>
[Ehh~? That’s absurd! Y- You’re lying, right? You’re not making light of people’s lives, right?]<br/>
 <br/>
I deeply lowered my head.<br/>
 <br/>
[My apologies.]<br/>
[Is that so… Is that so…………………………….. You’re not just covering up someone, right?]<br/>
[There’s no one for me to cover up.]<br/>
[Ummm… This is hard for me to ask but……]<br/>
[By all means.]<br/>
[You didn’t immediately submit Ashinto’s report summarizing the information you received from Urza, did you?]<br/>
[I was late from submitting that report. My apologies.]<br/>
 <br/>
As if she’s confirming her own words, the Goddess muttered.<br/>
 <br/>
[You’re late… even though you’re excellent.]<br/>
 <br/>
The goddess rises from her seat.<br/>
She stood behind me.<br/>
 <br/>
[You’re not secretly in touch with the Ashinto, the people who killed the “Humanity’s Strongest” and were planning some kind of nefarious plan, are you…… Fufufu. Well, you wouldn’t do that, right?]<br/>
 <br/>
The goddess put her hands around my waist.<br/>
Her hand began to caress my belly.<br/>
 <br/>
[You wouldn’t do that, would you?]<br/>
[I wouldn’t.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Then, the Goddess began groping around my body.<br/>
It’s as if she’s looking for something hidden.<br/>
 <br/>
[What about the Takao Sisters?]<br/>
 <br/>
The reason why I was chosen as the sisters’ mentor.<br/>
The underlying reason is she wants me to act as their watchdog.<br/>
The goddess still hasn’t decided how to treat the sisters.<br/>
 <br/>
[I dared to give those sisters freedom to act. And they’re using that freedom to do something that causes me grief? Ahh…… I’m very nervous just to hear your answer. I think I need to take a deep breath…… Hwooooooooo Haaaaa……]<br/>
 <br/>
[They’re not moving in any way that we need to be particularly concerned about. They’re steadily getting stronger though.]<br/>
 <br/>
[But the other day, they asked me a question that seemed to defy me. It’s as if they’re thinking I’m being mean to Sogou-san……]<br/>
 <br/>
[I thought that if I gave the impression that I’m not alienating them, I thought that they would come to trust Vysis-sama just like the other Heroes do…… That question may also be for that reason.]<br/>
 <br/>
[Is Hijiri-san really a person like that?]<br/>
 <br/>
[Yes.]<br/>
 <br/>
[Hmm~ I thought Hijiri-san was more aggressive than that…… she looks awfully eerie. Arara…… —–Ah, you’re not lying, are you?]<br/>
 <br/>
[Of course not.]<br/>
 <br/>
[…………, ————. …………? ———–, …………………………………………? ……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………?]<br/>
 <br/>
This is a unique way of cross-examining by the Goddess for those who refuse to speak.<br/>
In rare cases, the Goddess uses the silence to probe the other person’s mind.<br/>
 <br/>
[So that’s how it is~]<br/>
 <br/>
It’s difficult to judge what she means with just those few words.<br/>
I don’t know how to interpret that.<br/>
The Goddess’ hands stop moving.<br/>
 <br/>
[Umm, Nyantan…… If it’s really too difficult for you, it’s alright for you to betray me, you know? Please don’t overdo it. I won’t blame you. I will just dispose of you.]<br/>
 <br/>
[There’s no way I would betray Vysis-sama.]<br/>
 <br/>
[Then, that delayed submission is really just your mistake……? E- Even though your cute little sisters’ life may be at stake…… It’s amazing that you’re able to make a mistake there. I can’t help but respect your courage.]<br/>
 <br/>
[I haven’t gotten around to do it because of the continuous duties that I need to do those days. My apologies for the failed assassination towards the members of Ayaka Sogou’s group.]<br/>
 <br/>
[Fufufu…… You’re a responsible person, aren’t you?]<br/>
 <br/>
[…………………]<br/>
 <br/>
[Am I too strict?]<br/>
 <br/>
[No.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[Am I being narrow-minded?]<br/>
 <br/>
[No.]<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess placed her hand around my lips and shoved her finger into my mouth.<br/>
 <br/>
[Even if you reflected about it yourself, someone would definitely complain about those who don’t grow at all…… and you would have some nerve if you had grown to dislike the other party for complaining. I’d like you to give me a break from that tendency for those with greater calibres to just easily forgive others. There isn’t anyone in this world who didn’t grow without getting hurt. Sniff…… It’s a really tough world, don’t you think…….? Please do your best……]<br/>
 <br/>
[I’ll strive to be better.]<br/>
 <br/>
The hurt ones isn’t the Goddess, nor is it myself.<br/>
Shutting off my senses, I let my gaze wander about.<br/>
One thing caught my eyes.<br/>
I think…… It’s a large painting covered with a piece of cloth.<br/>
I hadn’t been in this room before.<br/>
It appears that the goddess noticed my gaze.<br/>
 <br/>
[You’re curious about that?]<br/>
 <br/>
The goddess walked over to the painting and took off the cloth.<br/>
A blond High Elf comes into my sight.<br/>
 <br/>
[This is a portrait of Seras Ashrain.]<br/>
 <br/>
The former leader of the Holy Knights of Neia.<br/>
 <br/>
[It was an offering to me from Bakuos’ emperor. Now that they have lost the “Humanity’s Strongest”, it seems that they wanted to be under the protection of the strong goddess. Fufu, as far as I’m concerned though, I wanted the person herself here rather than this painting.]<br/>
 <br/>
It is said that this was painted while looking at the person herself.<br/>
It was apparently the work of the royal painter at that time.<br/>
It’s also said that this was originally the treasure of the Holy King.<br/>
After they have captured Neia, most of the treasures fell into the hands of Bakuos’ Emperor.<br/>
However, this painting was kept by the Holy King until his end.<br/>
 <br/>
[It is said that the Holy King rarely allowed the others to paint the person herself face-to-face. It seems that he had a professional royal painter to paint some of them but…… Well, that’s the reason why the authentic paintings of her were so valuable. Of course, it seems that forgeries would frequently come out in the market too…… Ah, I also heard that some of her portraits posted on the Mercenary Guild were stolen? What a frightening story…… Ah, how terrifying their thoughts must be…… Humans were really frightening, aren’t they?]<br/>
 <br/>
The Princess Knight, Seras Ashrain.<br/>
She’s already dead.<br/>
The public has already perceived her as such.<br/>
Her corpse still wasn’t found though……<br/>
 <br/>
[Ah, yes, I heard something amusing. Did you know that the items she personally used were being actively traded among the nobles of various countries? I heard that the value of those things has bizarrely risen since the rumors of her death began spreading around the continent.]<br/>
 <br/>
Her used items.<br/>
That alone created their value.<br/>
“What strange people…” is what I only thought.<br/>
 <br/>
[If they’re worth that much…… If I could get my hands on the person herself, she would surely have lots of uses. For instance, let’s see—-]<br/>
 <br/>
Uses—- I hate the sound of that word.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
“I could have earned a lot from lending her out to others.]<br/>
 <br/>
“Lending her out”<br/>
 <br/>
I know what she means.<br/>
There isn’t any repulsion in the Goddess’ tone.<br/>
Yes, it’s as if she’s treating her just as one of her pawns.<br/>
The same is true for Vysis’ Apostles.<br/>
They were only God’s pawn after all.<br/>
 <br/>
[Sniff…… It’s too hard for me to reveal my true emotions. My heart is always crying as I continue to make tough decisions…… But Nyantan, please listen carefully. What you have in you is the courage to be hated by others.]<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
Following the Goddess’ command, I departed from Alion.<br/>
My destination would be Magnar Kingdom.<br/>
The Anti-Demon White Castle.<br/>
This time, the prided unit of the Thirteen Cavalries, the Sixth Cavalry was also sent out.<br/>
Why were we sent towards that castle again?<br/>
This is because the Great Demon Emperor’s army had finally begun a full-fledged march southwards.<br/>
The representatives of each country were once again gathering at the Northern Magnar.<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
The Anti-Demon White Castle.<br/>
 <br/>
The room where wolves gather.<br/>
 <br/>
The representatives of each country have been having a heated debate in this place for about half a day.<br/>
 <br/>
Nevertheless, most of them were just following along the Goddess’ intentions……<br/>
A peculiar heat gathered within the room.<br/>
The Queen of Jonato rested her chin on her hand.<br/>
She had a weary look on her face.<br/>
 <br/>
[Please open the window, Curia.]<br/>
 <br/>
The Queen asked the Saint behind her.<br/>
The Saint calls out to the Goddess and White Wolf King.<br/>
 <br/>
[Would it be fine?]<br/>
 <br/>
The White Wolf King wordlessly nodded.<br/>
Holding out her hand, the Goddess showed her agreement.<br/>
The Saint—– Curia Gilstain opened the window.<br/>
Refreshing breeze came into the room.<br/>
The refreshing breeze gently ruffled the Goddess’ silver hair.<br/>
 <br/>
Their discussion paused.<br/>
 <br/>
They’ve run out of ways to deal with them.<br/>
 <br/>
Every country probably hasn’t even revealed their hidden cards……<br/>
 <br/>
Then, one of the civil officers entered the room.<br/>
He then directly approached the White Wolf King’s side and whispered something in his ears.<br/>
Making the civil servant step back, the White Wolf King crossed his arms.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[Their movements were slow but…… as we thought, their southward weren’t just to have skirmishes with us.]<br/>
 <br/>
The White Wolf King closes his eyes.<br/>
A deep crease is etched between his brows.<br/>
He’s probably recalling the details of the North’s map inside his head.<br/>
As if he can’t take the pause anymore, the Magister King asked.<br/>
 <br/>
[W- What do you mean?]<br/>
 <br/>
The White Wolf King opens his thin eyes.<br/>
 <br/>
[Their movements were perfectly organized…… West, south, east…… They must be planning to invade in all of these three directions at the same time.]<br/>
 <br/>
The Queen sank deeper into her chair.<br/>
It looks like she had difficulty accepting the situation.<br/>
 <br/>
[It looks like they’re moving in a way that they’d greatly stretch out towards our lands. From the way things are going…… It looks like they’re not going to stay in one place. I wonder what their aiming for, dispersing their forces like that?]<br/>
[I don’t know. It must be something only these demons could think.]<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess glances towards the empty sky.<br/>
 <br/>
[Will the army advancing towards the south split up later…… And later, join the army from the east and west? That could also mean that…… the army heading south is a reserve army that would act as reinforcements to areas where the war is not going well?]<br/>
[Or perhaps, they’re planning to push through this Anti-Demon White Castle and plunge straight towards the Golden Demon Zone.]<br/>
[No, I don’t think that’s possible though……]<br/>
 <br/>
The Magister King sent a modest denial towards the White Wolf King’s words.<br/>
However…<br/>
 <br/>
[Well, yeah.]<br/>
 <br/>
The White Wolf King easily accepted his denial.<br/>
 <br/>
[The monsters created by the former Root of All Evil and the monsters created by the new Root of All Evil…… the camaraderie of these two factions were surprisingly thin. It’s probably their “birth parents” were different, that they even often act against each other……]<br/>
 <br/>
The theory that rose up every time a new Root of All Evil appears.<br/>
 <br/>
A new Root of All Evil’s forces.<br/>
The monsters that gathered in the Golden Demon Zone.<br/>
 <br/>
The conflux of these two theories.<br/>
 <br/>
But just as the White Wolf King said, the camaraderie of the two sides were completely nil.<br/>
The information we’ve accumulated from the past proves it.<br/>
The White Wolf King lets out a rough sigh.<br/>
 <br/>
[However, if they were to attack towards all three directions, we may find some of our arrangements rather troublesome…… Is it alright to just entrust this to Vysis?]<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess slightly nodded.<br/>
 <br/>
[Yes, leave it to me.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Then, a new man entered the room.<br/>
A fearless yet graceful young man.<br/>
He’s quite tall and has a solid build.<br/>
The Great General of the Mira Empire.<br/>
He also used to be the first in line to the inheritance for the imperial throne.<br/>
In other words—– He’s the Mad Emperor’s oldest brother.<br/>
The Mad Emperor’s brother handed him a piece of paper.<br/>
The two of them also started whispering something with each other.<br/>
When they whispered with each other, the General exited from the room.<br/>
The Mad Emperor looked towards the paper he received and then threw it towards the table.<br/>
 <br/>
[Here’s our latest analysis of the enemies’ capabilities…… First of all, their numbers itself were already quite extraordinary. It would be better for us to estimate the qualities of each monster to be worse than we expected.]<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess quickly glanced at the paper.<br/>
 <br/>
[I see—- This is quite unexpected……]<br/>
 <br/>
Aside from the Mad Emperor, the other representatives stood up from their seats one after another.<br/>
All of them leaned their upper bodies towards the paper in the center of the table.<br/>
The Magister King’s white eyes opened wide.<br/>
 <br/>
[W- What the heck is thiiiiiiissssssss……….!?]<br/>
[It’s several times larger than the previous Root of All Evil……]<br/>
 <br/>
The Goddess has an unusually stern expression on her face.<br/>
 <br/>
[Moreover, since we’ve lost the main force, the Black Dragon Knights…… I don’t know who these Ashinto fellows are or where they are now, but they really did a great deal of trouble.]<br/>
 <br/>
Striking the table with both of his hands, the Magister King looks devastated.<br/>
 <br/>
[Uuuuuuuuoooo…….!? The reason why they’re conducting simultaneous invasions to the three directions was all because they’re confident in their numbers huh!? W- With these numbers…… And all of their troops heading in any directions were the worst monsters they could possibly be. Guuuhhh…… What do we do…… What the heck do we do……!?]<br/>
 <br/>
A streak of sweat ran down the Queen of Jonato’s cheek.<br/>
 <br/>
[This vehement great march…… Now then, I wonder how I could react to this……]<br/>
 <br/>
With a stern crease on his eyebrows, the White Wolf King stared at the paper.<br/>
 <br/>
[It’s not likely that any country will be able to compete against them with just the strength of a single country alone…… Even if we do win, we must be prepared for the dizzying hours of reconstructions……]<br/>
 <br/>
Filled with prudence, the Goddess narrows her eyes.<br/>
 <br/>
[I also don’t think that the enemy would deploy all of their forces this early…… However, I don’t think this is a situation where every country would be able to hold back their cards. This war…… All of us must join hands and face it will all of our might—–]<br/>
 <br/>
Then, the Goddess thrust the reality towards them with a decree.<br/>
 <br/>
[—or everything will be trampled down.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
