<br/>
It looks like we arrived in another world.<br/>
First of all, the ceiling is really high.<br/>
There’s also the wideness of this place……<br/>
Eve looks dumbstruck.<br/>
[Even though we should have been underground…… I could see the sky?]<br/>
Liz looked around restlessly.<br/>
[Amazing……]<br/>
[This is the power of magic huh. Or perhaps…… we’re already sent to a different place when we passed through that door.]<br/>
It’s a staple in those stories that were already overflowing back in my previous world.<br/>
A stage installed that seems very likely when we’re meeting with an amazing witch.<br/>
I was also astonished with this unusual mechanism this place had.<br/>
However, I could somewhat understand.<br/>
I wouldn’t be surprised no matter what comes out now.<br/>
I licked my finger and held it in front of my face.<br/>
[……There’s also wind in this place.]<br/>
I wait for a bit.<br/>
[Moreover, the wind direction isn’t just constantly coming from one side.]<br/>
We should have been underground.<br/>
And yet, the wind is blowing in this place.<br/>
The nearby flowers were also rustling with the wind.<br/>
[Are we…… actually above ground?]<br/>
Eve looks like she’s still bewildered.<br/>
[No, look at that.]<br/>
I pointed forward.<br/>
That’s probably… some kind of root.<br/>
A twisting enormous root of a tree.<br/>
The roots were stretching down from the thick clouds that cover the sky.<br/>
I guess you could say that should be the proof that we’re indeed underground.<br/>
The enormous root continued stretching down and dug deep into the ground.<br/>
Is that blue sky we’re seeing now just an illusion brought upon by magic?<br/>
For instance, just like the power of Seras’ light spirit……<br/>
Seras spoke.<br/>
[Is that…… the root of the Corrupted Tree?]<br/>
[That’s quite possible.]<br/>
[Based on how deep we walked, it’s roots were very deeply rooted……]<br/>
I placed my hand on my mouth.<br/>
The  Corrupted Tree.<br/>
The huge amount of magic energy that has accumulated at the bottom of the lake……<br/>
The withering enormous tree above the ground.<br/>
However, the roots under the ground look pretty lively though?<br/>
Are the roots of this former Sacred Tree still generating lots of magic energy?<br/>
And perhaps, the Witch is saving the tree in some way……?<br/>
[……………………]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I see.<br/>
If she had an all-you-can-use magic energy buffet…<br/>
[This place is probably the best environment for a witch to be in.]<br/>
On the surface of the root, there were several cave-like holes.<br/>
It appears that they were artificially-created holes.<br/>
That’s because I could see a set of wooden stairs leading up towards those holes.<br/>
In addition, I could see an entrance-like hole wide enough for people to pass through situated in a high position.<br/>
Looking at it, it kind of looks like a terrace—-<br/>
[Touka.]<br/>
It seems that Eve also noticed “it”.<br/>
[Yeah.]<br/>
The shadow of a humanoid.<br/>
It’s on that terrace protruding out from the root..<br/>
That’s where that person came out.<br/>
I could see something lighting up that area.<br/>
The light of my leather bag can’t compare to its light.<br/>
That place is really bright.<br/>
Therefore, I could clearly see the figure of the person standing there.<br/>
Long ears.<br/>
Earrings in her ears.<br/>
Tanned skin.<br/>
I could tell that it’s a woman from her physical appearance.<br/>
In my previous world, the term “Witch” could also be applied to men.<br/>
However, it seems that she’s literally a woman.<br/>
Cold almond-shaped eyes.<br/>
An icy expression.<br/>
The color of her eyes…… seems to be bluish purple.<br/>
Her jet-black hair was tied in a twintail.<br/>
Her hair that drooped down on her left and right were quite long.<br/>
The legs of the long-jawed Orb Weavers. (T/N: Ashinaga Gumo)<br/>
They somehow remind me of that.<br/>
A large white ribbon was tying her with a knot.<br/>
As for her attire……<br/>
It kinds of look like that so-called China Dress. (T/N: A cheongsam.)<br/>
It’s probably because of that part where it looks like an apron and that slit on her clothing.<br/>
However, it could also be said that her clothing had a mix of a western style.<br/>
It’s not just a blend of the japanese and the western style, but it could be said that it’s a blend of the eastern and the western styles.<br/>
It had quite the exposure though.<br/>
……Well, I don’t think she would mind that since we’re in a place far from the public’s gaze.<br/>
She held an abundantly decorated staff in her hand.<br/>
Perhaps, it’s indeed her.<br/>
The Witch of Taboos.<br/>
The Witch coldly looked down at us.<br/>
Eventually, the Witch opened her well-shaped lips.<br/>
[※Kk, mk■▽hjn＊gkt◇h]<br/>
[……What?]<br/>
She’s speaking in a different language?<br/>
No, that’s unlikely.<br/>
The Witch has met with Eve’s tribe in the past.<br/>
The Witch who knows too much.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
That’s the reason why she’s become a taboo.<br/>
That’s how it was circulated among the world.<br/>
The Witch who held a vast amount of knowledge.<br/>
There’s no way that the Witch wouldn’t know the common language of this world.<br/>
Then…<br/>
[sW……■hbt※t?]<br/>
Seras suddenly spoke those words.<br/>
In a language that I don’t understand.<br/>
The Witch…<br/>
Thunk!<br/>
—struck the floor beside her feet with her staff.<br/>
[I didn’t think that you would know the ancient language.]<br/>
The language she spoke now is something that I could understand.<br/>
Seras steps forward.<br/>
[Was that question just now a trial?]<br/>
[Aye, I was just assessing to what extent you people could be.]<br/>
I began observing the Witch.<br/>
The Witch is now having a conversation with Seras.<br/>
However, the Witch’s gaze was fixated on me.<br/>
Seras asked.<br/>
[Are you—-]<br/>
[Don’t make me laugh.]<br/>
Before she could even finish her sentence, the Witch interrupted Seras’ words.<br/>
[I don’t need to listen to something so obvious. Anyway, you’re already almost convinced with your hunch, aren’t you?]<br/>
A rebuking tone in her voice.<br/>
However, it didn’t sound that harsh.<br/>
Personally, the tone in her voice was a bit surprising.<br/>
It’s as if she’s speaking to a little girl.<br/>
Her face and body looks like she’s quite mature.<br/>
You could say that bewitching would be anyone’s first impression on her based on her appearance.<br/>
I would be lying if I said that I didn’t show any opening in my guard.<br/>
As if she’s a bit delighted, the Witch slightly twisted her hips.<br/>
[Therefore, you don’t need to ask every single thing.]<br/>
Whooosshh<br/>
The witch made her staff rotate once in her hand.<br/>
It’s as if she’s spinning a pen.<br/>
[First of all, self-introductions—— This one’s name is Erika Anarveil.]<br/>
(T/N: エリカ・アナオロバエル / Erika Anaorobaeru)<br/>
The Witch proudly exclaimed “her name”.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[The one you all call the “Witch of Taboos”.]<br/>
==========================================================================<br/>
<Author Notes><br/>
This concludes the fourth volume of the book. Thank you for reading it until the end.<br/>
What did you think of the fourth volume, the entry into the Golden Demon Zone?　Slei joined the team, the encounter between and the Heroes from the Goddess’ side, there was also the battles with new Human-Faced species, he learned a new Abnormal Skill, there were also some signs of change in the relationship between Touka and Seras, the Great Demon Emperor’s army finally started moving, and so on.<br/>
Speaking of change, the relationships between the Heroes are also getting better and some relationships have turned worse (?). (Although the Goddess is still the same…)<br/>
Volume 4 almost pulled the curtain from the next volume, but the Witch of Taboos finally made her appearance.<br/>
I’m thinking of starting Volume 5 after a 10-14 day break. As always, there will be an interlude chapter before the start. The official start date will be announced when the interlude chapter is updated.<br/>
And to those of you who have left comments, reviews, bookmarks, and rating points during the four-chapter series, thank you. They are all part of this work, and above all, they have been a great support to me in my writing. Any kind of feedback, such as “this is interesting” or “I like this work”, is a great encouragement to me when I write. Once again, I would like to take this opportunity to thank you.<br/>
And to those of you who have left comments, reviews, bookmarks, and rating points during these four volumes of this series, thank you very much. They are all part of this work, and above all, they have been a great support to me in my writing. Any kind of feedback, such as “this is interesting” or “I like this work”, is a great encouragement to me when I write. Once again, I would like to take this opportunity to thank you.<br/>
The pace of updating Volume 4 was lost due to mental and physical problems, but I think I managed to maintain a steady pace in the second half. I will try my best to write Volume 5, using your support as my energy.<br/>
The Volume 5 would be said in Volume 5, and you would know if there’s a great move after you see their movements…… Maybe. I don’t know if it will turn out as expected…but I hope you will continue to keep up with us.<br/>
Thankfully, the book version seems to be doing well, and I think I’ll be able to announce the day where a manga of this book will be released sooner or later.<br/>
Well then, I’ll see you in Volume Five. Thank you very much.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
