<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I think that road was really the path that the investigation team uses to go to the disposal ruins.<br/>
 <br/>
I traverse through the forest while being careful that I don’t lose sight of the road.<br/>
On the way, the road had split up into two paths.<br/>
I can’t find any signs that could tell the destination that each path would lead.<br/>
Now then, where should I go?<br/>
I was about to try asking my partner, Pigimaru…<br/>
…but it was at that time–<br/>
 <br/>
I felt someone’s presence.<br/>
 <br/>
Ever since I’ve been living in the disposal ruins for days, I have become sensitive to presences.<br/>
Did the keenness of my nerves became honed after my experience in the ruins?<br/>
 <br/>
Gasaaa…<br/>
 <br/>
[Hm? Who the heck is this? This is the wrong guy, right?]<br/>
 <br/>
It was humans who appeared in front of me.<br/>
Four people.<br/>
All of them were men.<br/>
They’re all wearing attire that looks like they came straight from fantasy.<br/>
However, I can’t really classify their attires as something close to those beautiful fantasies.<br/>
All four of them had weapons.<br/>
I think over the words they said in my mind.<br/>
 <br/>
“Hm? Who the heck is this? This is the wrong guy, right?”<br/>
 <br/>
Based on their response, are they perhaps in the middle of looking for someone?<br/>
It’s definitely not me, but…<br/>
The air that these four had been releasing is making me uneasy.<br/>
At least, I’m sure that they don’t seem to be looking for someone just like those in a pleasant drama where they’re in pursuit of a lost child.<br/>
An intrepid man who had a scar on his face looked at me.<br/>
It’s as if he’s looking at garbage.<br/>
 <br/>
[It’s just a dirty brat. Ugh, he looks unpleasant.]<br/>
 <br/>
One of the men turned towards the man with the scar.<br/>
 <br/>
[What do we do, Zalash?]<br/>
[Let’s just leave it. It’s just one of those countless irrelevant small fries.Why did I even go to this place? It’s not interesting at all.]<br/>
 <br/>
The man with the scar had an atmosphere of someone who is calm and collected.<br/>
That man should be the leader.<br/>
This man kinda resembles Kirihara a bit.<br/>
Another man who looks like a shark glanced at me.<br/>
 <br/>
[The robe he’s wearing is old, but its quality is good.]<br/>
 <br/>
Next, the man with a greatsword who had an unusual behavior, relaxes his stance and turned to me.<br/>
 <br/>
[Well then, for the time being, how about you leave all your belongings in here? Ah, strip all your clothes and imitate a peeing dog? We’re kinda in a hurry here.]<br/>
[No— we’ll kill this one.]<br/>
 <br/>
A slender guy came forward.<br/>
It’s that guy who said “This is the wrong guy, right?”.<br/>
He’s playing with the scimitar in his hand.<br/>
The man with a scar replied back to him.<br/>
 <br/>
[You’d even bother killing such a small bug? It’s just a waste of time.]<br/>
 <br/>
The man gently brushes the edge of his scimitar on his abdomen.<br/>
…with a face full of affection.<br/>
 <br/>
[I realized that I have yet to test the sharpness of my new baby to a living human… So, I’ll try it on this trash. Anyway, it’s trash. In the first place, we came here to kill someone.]<br/>
[Funnnn… If you want to do it, just get it done already, Magatsu. We have another goal to do in here, right? Well, I think it’s about time that she has run out of energy. I guess our job here is almost done.]<br/>
[Kuku, I know this is a time that “you’re looking forward to”, but can you please get it over already~? It’s not interesting to just kill him. Oi~ after we get the bounty from capturing that woman, let’s go to Abrom’s brothel~.]<br/>
[I don’t want to. I’m tired of the well-trained women they have there… I’d rather find some high-class prostitutes. Or maybe I’ll just go to the neighboring city and find a good-looking lass. I’ll have her accompany me for about half a year… or just until she breaks.]<br/>
[Half a year!? Don’t f*cking kidding me! By how you bastard break all those women, I doubt that woman would even last half a year!]<br/>
[Shut it. I know it’s my fault that they break. In the first place, we’re talking of me breaking a woman… when I haven’t even met the woman in question.]<br/>
[As soon as I saw that woman, I can’t settle with just humans! How about you be my proxy for me while I go for a search for a woman in the neighboring town~!?]<br/>
 <br/>
The man with the scar looked at his left hand.<br/>
 <br/>
[But, as expected I couldn’t put my hands towards the prey… it’s a request from our client, and we should fulfill it.]<br/>
[Well, yeah.]<br/>
[Anyway—]<br/>
 <br/>
The man with the scimitar declared that he’s about to kill me as he took a step towards me.<br/>
 <br/>
[Don’t even try of running in fear, okay…? I mean, where could you even run to?]<br/>
 <br/>
The men were closing in to me.<br/>
Please stop that, I’m begging you— as if saying something like that, I extend my arms toward their direction.<br/>
 <br/>
[I beg of you… j- just ignore me… in this place… having no meaning… I don’t want to die…]<br/>
 <br/>
The face of the man looks like he’s filled with sadistic thoughts.<br/>
 <br/>
[That’s no good~♪. I have to start trying out my sword already~. We still have a job to do after all~♪.]<br/>
 <br/>
The man with the cursed sword prepares his stance.<br/>
 <br/>
Mishiii…<br/>
 <br/>
The man’s muscles became supple.<br/>
He raised his scimitar over his head, diagonally behind his back.<br/>
 <br/>
[That’s why, let’s finish this quickly—!]<br/>
 <br/>
Securing that there’s a safe margin between us…<br/>
 <br/>
[–that you have became this Magatsu-sama’s prey, I’ll make sure you understand–!]<br/>
 <br/>
He’s now within my range.<br/>
 <br/>
[<Paralyze>]<br/>
 <br/>
[—with… your… body…!? Ngh…?]<br/>
[Hm? Wh..at…!? Guuhh…?]<br/>
[What… the…? My body—]<br/>
[I can’t… move…?]<br/>
 <br/>
The paralysis was successful.<br/>
It seems that all four of them have been successfully paralyzed.<br/>
They’re all treating me as if my trash, but I’m confident with the powers that are held in my hands.<br/>
That’s why I stayed within a range where I could target all of them.<br/>
Well, they’re way inferior compared to the oppressive feeling I’ve felt from the monsters in the ruins.<br/>
 <br/>
[Well then…]<br/>
 <br/>
I guess this confirms it…<br/>
 <br/>
[My abnormal state skills would be successful even against humans…]<br/>
 <br/>
They’re not just effective against monsters.<br/>
They’re also effective against humans.<br/>
It seems that the exceptional success rate of my skills also haven’t changed.<br/>
 <br/>
[As I thought, that f*cking goddess must have something special…?]<br/>
[That… just… now—]<br/>
[Hmm?]<br/>
 <br/>
It seems the leader is saying something.<br/>
 <br/>
[Is… that… abnor…mal state… magic… just… now? Furth…ermore… they’re… unrecor…ded magic…?]<br/>
 <br/>
Fumu…<br/>
He can still talk even when he’s paralyzed huh.<br/>
It’s difficult to judge it when I’ve tried it with monsters back then. It’s not like I can understand the difference between their roars anyway…<br/>
 <br/>
[More… over… to cast… it to… four peo…ple at… the same time…]<br/>
 <br/>
According to what the goddess had said back then, didn’t she say that the system of abnormal state techniques in this world have no use at all?<br/>
A smile started lifting up on my face.<br/>
 <br/>
[Well, well. Do I look like I’m a “failure” now?]<br/>
[What…?]<br/>
[Well, you don’t need to reply… You tried to kill me and nobody in your group tried to stop you. That’s why don’t mind me as I use you people as my “test subjects”.]<br/>
 <br/>
The mood of these four people changed.<br/>
It’s as if they don’t understand what I am saying.<br/>
 <br/>
[<Poison>]<br/>
 <br/>
Pokopoko…<br/>
Powawawa…<br/>
 <br/>
[Ahh….!? Guuggiiiieee…!?]<br/>
[Kuh… Guruuu…jiii….]<br/>
[Goooeee… This.. is… imposs…booaa….]<br/>
[What the… heck did you…ngh!?]<br/>
 <br/>
The four people began screaming in pain as their skin began to be dyed in the color of poison.<br/>
 <br/>
[Pigi!]<br/>
 <br/>
Pigimaru suddenly cried out.<br/>
Pigimaru’s protrusion came out from the side of my neck.<br/>
 <br/>
[Pigimaru? Are you perhaps… angry?]<br/>
[Pi!]<br/>
 <br/>
It seems that Pigimaru felt a strong displeasure against these four people.<br/>
Did my senses sync with him?<br/>
 <br/>
[Well— It would hurt my heart even if these guys were to die. Rather, I would even feel refreshed.]<br/>
 <br/>
Facing killing intent with my killing intent.<br/>
Returning malice with malice.<br/>
 <br/>
I’m just applying those simple rules.<br/>
 <br/>
These guys feel like they’re brimming with dark yet familiar thoughts.<br/>
It’s like them, just like how Kirihara and Oyamada speak.<br/>
 <br/>
[The point is, I can do it against someone like them.]<br/>
 <br/>
I look at my hands.<br/>
I see.<br/>
It seems that I also felt no hesitation even up to the last moment.<br/>
 <br/>
[Even if they’re my opponents, I can still do it.]<br/>
 <br/>
I waited for the death of the four people.<br/>
They look miserable as they slowly died full of suffering.<br/>
They can’t even struggle because of paralysis.<br/>
In the end, they begged for salvation.<br/>
But, I don’t think they have ever listened to the plea of those who have asked them for salvation.<br/>
I don’t think they can do that.<br/>
I don’t think that they would ever do that.<br/>
That’s why I ignored their pleas.<br/>
 <br/>
[Giiiiii….]<br/>
 <br/>
After a while, the last person had finally died.<br/>
My level didn’t even increase by 1.<br/>
Was the experience value they give that low?<br/>
Or is it that…<br/>
 <br/>
[…You can’t get any experience from human beings– That being the case is quite possible after all…]<br/>
 <br/>
While contemplating about this, I started fishing for things that I can use in their luggage.<br/>
It seems that there’s no uniformity in their sizes.<br/>
Well, if I suddenly meet one of their acquaintance somewhere and they would recognize their clothes that I supposedly took…<br/>
..Then, it would be really troublesome.<br/>
That’s also the case with their armor.<br/>
If I were to be traced because of these, it will be really troublesome.<br/>
That’s why I would only be taking their gold, silver and copper coins. I stashed them in my small pouch, which I put back into my leather bag.<br/>
It’s hard to track of someone who just took their money.<br/>
In that sense, they could be considered safe for the taking.<br/>
I quickly finish rummaging their things and stood up.<br/>
 <br/>
[—-Piii.]<br/>
 <br/>
The previously meek Pigimaru suddenly cried out.<br/>
 <br/>
[Hm? I see, so you felt it too? Yeah, I know—]<br/>
 <br/>
There are some targets that I had poisoned earlier with a poison that I had set into non-lethal.<br/>
But, I have also made sure to paralyze them just now.<br/>
 <br/>
An intimidating aura that’s really unusual.<br/>
 <br/>
It’s a mixture of killing intent and willpower.<br/>
 <br/>
[There is another person nearby, I wonder who that is…]<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
