<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Interlude: An Unexpected Reunion</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter">
    <h1>Interlude: <span epub:type="subtitle">An Unexpected Reunion</span></h1>

    <p>The four days before the banquet went by in a flash.</p>

    <p>I worked hard to develop new dishes, taught the men to blood let and butchering, and impart my cooking skills to the women. I even need to figure out the work flow for the banquet, and it was hard to describe how busy I was.</p>

    <p>Even so, the men and women of Forest’s Edge were very diligent and quick to learn. They weren’t exceptionally smart and capable, but because everyone did their very best. It stemmed from their strong sense of belonging to their 「family」, which affected their attitude towards 「work」.</p>

    <p>They worked tirelessly. For their family and for survival, they didn’t have any complains. They didn’t give the impression of a machine working coldly. When they do their work seriously as if it was their second nature, they showed emotions of joy and pain.</p>

    <p>「Work」 and 「Survival」 were closely related. They were so honest because they were a tribe of hunters living in Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>No matter work, I’m very satisfied with such a work environment, and I think they are the best companions.</p>

    <p>Worth mentioning were the women of Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>On the second day of the wedding preparation, aside from the Wu main house, the branch houses also sent a few women to help me.</p>

    <p>However, their workload were very heavy. A platform and simple stoves had to be erected for the wedding, and people were needed to gather firewood and stones. As the men had to hunt in the forest, this job fell squarely onto the women.</p>

    <p>Despite their heavy and laborious workload, they still needed to take time out of their schedule to learn some unknown cooking from me, which showed me deeply how much thought and effort they put into this. As a normal banquet only needed to serve the usual kiba soup and grilled meat, so they would just need to prepare the ingredients, and ensure there were sufficient food and firewood. There were probably many who thought that I brought them unnecessary hassle for the preparation of this wedding banquet.</p>

    <p>However, after they test tasted the steaks and hamburg steak, they were astonished and happy, and started helping me in earnest.</p>

    <p>As the men would bring two or three successfully bloodlet and butchered kiba everyday, I obtained enough meat for the banquet in no time. In the end, I gave the excess meat to the five branch families of the Wu clan, and the women almost cried tears of joy.</p>

    <p>Compared to the men, the women cared more about 「delicious cooking」. I felt the same way when I stayed in the Wu main house last time.</p>

    <p>This wasn’t anything surprising. If their work could bring happiness and serenity to their family, it would be a great joy to the subjects themselves. If everyone shares this feelings with their family, their job would feel meaningful. As an outsider, I worry all the time that I would bring about an negative impact to the food culture of Forest’s Edge — But now, the satisfaction I feel was far greater than my fear and unease.</p>

    <p>I had probably chosen the same path as Kaslan Lutim.</p>

    <p>I hope everyone could be happier, and have deeper bonds with their families— after hearing me say something so overreaching that night, he probably wanted to use his wedding to prove those words.</p>

    <p>The men hunted kiba, bloodlet, skin and butcher.</p>

    <p>The women forage for firewood, pick herbs, raise hearth fires and cooked the meat.</p>

    <p>Without just one of these steps, and there wouldn’t be any delicious dishes.</p>

    <p>Everyone had to work together to achieve this goal.</p>

    <p>That youth wanted to share this joy with his hundred odd kin, and obtain deeper bonds and greater strength.</p>

    <p>I had to give it my all to meet his expectation.</p>

    <p>In order to give greater joy to even more people in such a harsh environment, I felt a deep obligation to do my work properly.</p>

    <p>Two days before the banquet, a small incident happened— On the third afternoon of my stay in the Wu clan village.</p>

    <hr/>

    <p>「A-A-Asuta! It’s terrible! Come with me for a while! The men are in trouble!」</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu was the one who informed me of that commotion.</p>

    <p>That day, I shut myself inside the stove room in the morning, and when the sun was at its apex, I started teaching the women how to make hamburg steak.</p>

    <p>「What happened to the men? They will be setting off for the hunt soon right?」</p>

    <p>Five women were in the stove room. They were Leina Wu, Ditto Min Wu and women from the branch houses.</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu charged in with teary eyes.</p>

    <p>「A strange man is here! There’s a dangerous air between him and the men Darum-nii already drew his blade! It, it’s really bad!」</p>

    <p>A feeling of tension rushed through my chest.</p>

    <p>「Who is that strange man? Is he from the Tsun clan?」</p>

    <p>「No! It’s someone from Rock City!」</p>

    <p>「… What?」</p>

    <p>「That man has a head of beautiful hair like Ai Fa! He even asked us where is the Fa house!」</p>

    <p>I stood stiffly in shock.</p>

    <p>A man from Rock City with blonde hair— That must be Kamyua Yost. I couldn’t think of anyone else.</p>

    <p>But why was that man in Forest’s Edge?</p>

    <p>「— Sorry, I need to leave for a while. Ditto Min Wu, can you explain to everyone to the best of your knowledge?」</p>

    <p>「I can do that, but—」</p>

    <p>「Asuta, it’s dangerous for you to go!」</p>

    <p>Leina Wu pulled at my hand.</p>

    <p>Her expression was even more teary than Rimee Wu.</p>

    <p>I regulated my breathing a little, then gently pulled away her soft shoulders.</p>

    <p>「It will be fine, I won’t do anything dangerous. Don’t worry, I will be back.」</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu and I charged out of the stove room.</p>

    <p>We ran past the Wu clan’s buildings, headed into the plaza and saw that scene immediately.</p>

    <p>The entrance to the plaza was filled with people.</p>

    <p>It was the time for the men to head into the forest. Since Ryada Wu retired, the Wu clan’s men had been reduced to sixteen. They were all gathered here.</p>

    <p>And then — I could see the colour of that familiar cloak from between the group of strong men.</p>

    <p>「Wait— Please wait!」</p>

    <p>I shouted as I ran.</p>

    <p>However, no one turned back or responded to me.</p>

    <p>I could only feel Donda Wu who was a head taller than the others stole a glance at me.</p>

    <p>「… Get lost! This is not a place a man from the city should visit!」</p>

    <p>I finally heard a familiar voice.</p>

    <p>It was the second son of the Wu clan, Darum Wu.</p>

    <p>Darum Wu raised his sabre and faced off against that man.</p>

    <p>And that man—</p>

    <p>He was about Donda Wu’s height, but he was really skinny, his body covered by a long leather cloak. This weird man who had the eyes that looked like an elderly and a child at the same time — Kamyua Yost stood casually there.</p>

    <p>「… Hi, we finally met, Asuta of the Fa house.」</p>

    <p>He stared at the blade at his nose as he answered in a pretending to be retarded tone.</p>

    <p>Darum Wu was close enough to lop off his head in just one step.</p>

    <p>Despite that, Kamyua Yost still didn’t reach into his cloak, and was still smiling leisurely.</p>

    <p>「I’m just asking for the location of your house, but the situation became like this. I’m still glad to see you though. Ehh, we haven’t met for four days right?」</p>

    <p>「Shut up! I’m talking to you right now!」</p>

    <p>Darum Wu roared.</p>

    <p>A fire seemed to be burning in his eyes, which gave the image of a feral wolf twisting its face agitatedly. His entire body was giving out dangerous killing intent.</p>

    <p>I went around the human wall formed by the men, walked to a position where I could see the two person facing off and stopped.</p>

    <p>The next moment, Rimee Wu grabbed onto my left arm.</p>

    <p>She actually followed me here. I turned my body to keep her petite body behind me.</p>

    <p>「Asuta, can you plead for my case? I have no intention of harming them. As a 《guardian》, I just want to scout out the route, and pay you a visit since I’m in the area.」</p>

    <p>「Stop talking! That will only complicate things!」</p>

    <p>I might be panicking, but I wasn’t retarded enough to speak with Darum Wu directly. I looked up at Donda Wu’s gigantic body and said:</p>

    <p>「Donda Wu! I have met that man once before! Four days ago, we got acquainted when we visited the post station town to procure food ingredients! I don’t know if he is a good or evil — but I don’t think he is the type who will resort to violence!」</p>

    <p>「Hey hey, you are saying a model citizen like me is—」</p>

    <p>「Enough! Didn’t I tell you to not speak?」</p>

    <p>Donda Wu cast a sideway glance my way, then walked to Darum Wu’s side.</p>

    <p>「City man, you said you came to the Forest’s Edge settlement for work.」</p>

    <p>「That’s right. I will be escorting a caravan from Genos to the eastern kingdom. I plan to pass through this settlement for the trip.」</p>

    <p>Even though Donda Wu was intimidating as usual, Kamyua Yost maintained his normal attitude.</p>

    <p>Their heights were similar, but the girth of their body had two times the difference. This was like a black bear facing off a praying mantis.</p>

    <p>「I had not seen anyone so naive for ten years. Those people from a decade ago were also attacked by kiba during their journey there and got wiped out.」</p>

    <p>「Yes, I heard a starving kiba would even attack the provisions of travelers… But who knows if that group was really attacked by kiba.」</p>

    <p>Donda Wu narrowed his eyes.</p>

    <p>His face and attitude didn’t change, but just closing his eyelids slightly was enough to increase the sharpness of his gaze.</p>

    <p>「Hey, what are you doing, retards?」</p>

    <p>At this moment, someone poked at my head from behind.</p>

    <p>I turned back, and saw Ludo Wu standing behind me. He pulled at our arms, his eyes almost turning completely into that of a hunter.</p>

    <p>「Back off a bit more. Don’t go so near someone who had drawn their blade— Bratty Rimee, what are you doing!」</p>

    <p>「S-Shut up!」</p>

    <p>A smile appeared on Kamyua Yost probably because he heard our conversation.</p>

    <p>This made Darum Wu’s expression turn into more ferocious, and Donda Wu’s eyes became even more narrow.</p>

    <p>「… The chief Tsun clan is responsible for works related to the city. Why are you wandering around here without anyone guiding you?」</p>

    <p>「They did offer to be my guide, but I told them 『It’s fine, I’m just here to scout out the road, so I will go alone today.』 They agreed to this unhesitantly. Didn’t the Tsun clan contact you?」</p>

    <p>Anger immediately flared in Donda Wu’s eyes, he was probably referring to someone not present when he cursed: 「Damn you.」</p>

    <p>「So what business do you have with the Fa house? What’s the relations between you two?」</p>

    <p>His latter sentence was directed at me.</p>

    <p>I had to make a choice here.</p>

    <p>Should I spin a harmless tale? Or be direct and spill all the beans— Which choice would be right for Ai Fa?</p>

    <p>「……Asuta, you can just say the parts that is convenient for you.」 Kamyua Yost said to me quietly. And of course, everyone else could hear that.</p>

    <p>With the thought 『Damn it, things will be much easier if Darum Wu cut him down right here!』 flashing across my mind, I made my decision.</p>

    <p>「… When we were in the post station town, Ai Fa and someone from the Tsun clan got into an argument, and we were almost arrested by the guards. Mr Kamyua Yost here mediated for us.」</p>

    <p>The next instant — the blue flame in Donda Wu’s eyes exploded.</p>

    <p>Despite that, he still asked in a collected and low voice.</p>

    <p>「What’s the Tsun clan member’s name?」</p>

    <p>「He call himself Doddo Tsun. He wasn’t tall, but was rather bulky. A young man with an indistinct face.」</p>

    <p>「Doddo Tsun— the second son of their main house.」</p>

    <p>Donda Wu’s beast-like eyes shifted from me to Kamyua Yost.</p>

    <p>A happy smile appeared on Kamyua Yost’s face.</p>

    <p>「Asuta, aren’t you being too humble? You didn’t explain it clearly, so no one knows whether Ai Fa or Doddo Tsun was in the wrong… Well that Doddo Tsun was drunk in broad daylight, and brandished a knife against someone in town. And Ai Fa stopped him— that’s the truth behind that incident. It was wrong for the people in town to talk behind his bad, but drawing a blade is still too much. The laws in Genos prohibits such actions.」</p>

    <p>「……」</p>

    <p>「That man from the Tsun clan then abused his privilege and attempted to deceive the guards by pushing the crime on Ai Fa. When that happened, I testified what actually happened to the guards, and the incident ended peacefully. That’s the gist of it.」</p>

    <p>「… So, what business do you have with the Fa house?」</p>

    <p>「Ara, spending time with Ai Fa and Asuta is very comfortable, so I wanted to meet with them and chat some more… Ah! I forgot to tell everyone that Asuta acted bravely and rescued Tara! Asuta, Tara wants to see you again too.」</p>

    <p>I felt like screaming at him:「Enough with you, shut your mouth.」</p>

    <p>This man didn’t tell any lies, but the words he said sounded so superficial.</p>

    <p>「… This brat still needs to work, he don’t have time to speak to a man like you.」</p>

    <p>「Ah, I see. That’s a pity.」</p>

    <p>「Scram on home.」</p>

    <p>「You are right. In that case, I will give up on that thought… Can I visit the Fa house another day?」</p>

    <p>「… According to the rules, citizens of Rock City can’t enter Forest’s Edge as they please.」</p>

    <p>「I see. Then I will make up a work related reasons the next time I visit.」</p>

    <p>「Why you…」</p>

    <p>Darum Wu said through gritted teeth.</p>

    <p>When Kamyua Yost was speaking with us, Darum Wu’s sabre was pointed at his nose.</p>

    <p>However, Kamyua Yost just smiled at me as if it was nothing.</p>

    <p>「Asuta, when will your job end?」</p>

    <p>「The day after tomorrow. But—」</p>

    <p>「Then, I will come again three days later.」</p>

    <p>Kamyua Yost’s strange purple eyes stared at Donda Wu.</p>

    <p>「I’m a citizen of the western kingdom, the 《guardian》 Kamyua Yost. Hunter of Forest’s Edge, can you tell me your name?」</p>

    <p>「… I’m the head of the Wu clan, Donda Wu.」</p>

    <p>「Wu clan’s Donda Wu, thank you. I hope we can have a drink together some day.」</p>

    <p>Kamyua Yost stepped back nimbly.</p>

    <p>When Darum Wu wanted to pursue, Donda Wu’s thick hand fell on his shoulder.</p>

    <p>「Well then, I wish everyone to stay safe and healthy.」</p>

    <p>Kamyua Yost left just like that.</p>

    <p>Not just me, his appearance created a large ripple in the hearts of the Wu clan’s men.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>