<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Mid Meal Snack: The Young Sage</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter">
    <h1>Mid Meal Snack: <span epub:type="subtitle">The Young Sage</span></h1>

    <p><i>This youth has a strange air about him</i> —Kaslan Lutim harboured such a forthright thought in the beginning. This was the first impression Kaslan Lutim had of Asuta. During the pre-wedding party, Asuta of the Fa house tended to the Wu clan’s hearth.</p>

    <p>The youth had dark hair, black eyes and ivory skin. His appearance was obviously that of a foreigner. Compared to the hunters of Forest’s Edge, he was skinny and had a face as gentle as a woman. He probably couldn’t hunt kiba. From his frail appearance, Kaslan Lutim think he must hail from Rock City.</p>

    <p>However, his eyes was different from the citizens of Rock City Kaslan Lutim saw in the past. He had a bright and shiny gleam in his eyes.</p>

    <p>He wasn’t afraid of the denizens of Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>That was why he had such an unfathomable air about him.</p>

    <p>This man from the city was staying in the Forest’s Edge settlement, and was cool and composed despite being surrounded by the denizens of Forest’s Edge. And he wore the attire of Forest’s Edge, and claim to be a member of a house of Forest’s Edge. With how the denizens of Forest’s Edge were alienated in Genos, this was unbelievable.</p>

    <p><i>But since this youth appeared before me, that means it actually happened.</i></p>

    <p>Why did Donda Wu let someone like this tend his hearth? Kaslan Lutim couldn’t understand.</p>

    <p>Since just now, his father Dan Lutim was enraged, and Ema Min lowered her gaze troublingly.</p>

    <p>If this continued, the relationship between his father and Donda Wu might fracture.</p>

    <p>That worried Kaslan Lutim the most.</p>

    <p>In order to stand up against the nefarious Tsun clan, they needed to muster more strength. Hunt more kiba, bear more children and get more kins. They need to defeat the Tsun clan one day, If the elder Wu clan sour their relationship with their most powerful kin house the Lutims, the future of Forest’s Edge would be shrouded in darkness.</p>

    <p><i>However… Donda Wu looked just as mad as father Dan.</i></p>

    <p>The young man named Asuta just had to serve the torso of a kiba as a dish for the pre-wedding.</p>

    <p>There was nothing wrong with eating the kiba’s torso. Like what the head of the Fa house said— the opinion of the rumoured female hunter Ai Fa.</p>

    <p>Calling this body part as monta feed was an insult to the powerless houses. Even though 「weakness is a sin」 was the unwritten rule in Forest’s Edge, disparaging the weak was no different from what the Tsun clan was doing. The weak should serve as a lesson that compels one to obtain greater strength. There wasn’t any meaning in insulting others repeatedly.</p>

    <p>That might be so, he still couldn’t understand why they insist on him eating the kiba torso meat too.</p>

    <p>「This meat is delicious.」</p>

    <p>Even though the head of the Fa house said that, he still couldn’t understand what that means.</p>

    <p>When he took a bite of the kiba spare ribs in this heavy atmosphere, he realized what she actually meant.</p>

    <p>Kaslan Lutim put the meat in his mouth without much thought as he was concerned about his father and Donda Wu’s reaction, and felt an incredible impact—</p>

    <p><i>This is…</i></p>

    <p>It tasted different.</p>

    <p>There wasn’t any stench.</p>

    <p>What was this red and sticky liquid? It had the sweetness of fruit wine, and the fragrance of rock salt and pico leaves changed the taste of the kiba dramatically.</p>

    <p><i>So this is… delicious meat?</i></p>

    <p>The foreign taste spread in his mouth.</p>

    <p>This was— joy.</p>

    <p>This was happiness.</p>

    <p>The happiness of living.</p>

    <p>Kaslan Lutim wasn’t exaggerating, this thought actually emerged in his mind.</p>

    <p>When he see the happy faces of his family, when he hunt a huge kiba, when he lay his exhausted body in bed— and when he hold his lovers in his arms, a feeling of joy would flow through his body. And now, a similar feeling of bliss had exploded in his mouth.</p>

    <p>Before his brain could even understand it, his body and soul could already feel the bliss. It was an incredible sensation.</p>

    <p>When he was thirsty, water and fruit wine would taste really good.</p>

    <p>When hungry, meat and vegetables would be exceptionally delicious.</p>

    <p>But what Kaslan Lutim was feeling wasn’t such routine emotions, but something deeper— a bliss and happiness that shook his very soul.</p>

    <p>He felt a gaze, and found Ema Min smiling at him when he turned his head.</p>

    <p>She must be thinking the same thing.</p>

    <p>Kaslan Lutim couldn’t digest the shock and impact to his heart, and when he realized it, he was smiling in return too.</p>

    <p>He still couldn’t grasp what was happening at that moment.</p>

    <p>But the premonition that a grand revolution was about to begin took hold of Kaslan Lutim’s soul.</p>

    <hr/>

    <p>The next day, Kaslan Lutim and Ema Min visited the Fa house together.</p>

    <p>They were here to ask Asuta to be the hearth caretaker for their wedding.</p>

    <p>When he heard his father Dan Lutim proposed that, Kaslan Lutim thought in surprised that his father had another outrageous idea. But strangely, when his father was turned down by Asuta, it sent a strange tremor through his emotions.</p>

    <p>Asking someone not related by blood to tend to the hearth for your wedding was against the customs of Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>Even though it goes against the customs, there might be greater significance to found— this thought made Kaslan Lutim feel uneasy.</p>

    <p>When he shared how he felt with Ema Min, she answered:「I feel the same way too.」</p>

    <p>And so, the two of them visited the Fa house.</p>

    <p>They never thought that Asuta would reject them so adamantly.</p>

    <p>「… I’m sorry, but can we give you an answer tomorrow?」</p>

    <p>When they heard the head of the Fa house said that, Kaslan Lutim returned to the Lutim village with Ema Min.</p>

    <p>「Don’t worry, we definitely conveyed our feelings to Asuta.」</p>

    <p>Ema Min said on the way home.</p>

    <p>「Asuta might be from another country, but I could feel a soul befitting a denizen of Forest’s Edge within him. That’s why it definitely won’t be a problem.」</p>

    <p>「Yes… He really is an amazing person.」</p>

    <p>「Is that so?」</p>

    <p>Ema Min answered:</p>

    <p>「I can easily imagine Asuta being a fellow denizen. It will be more natural if Ai Fa is a man and Asuta is a woman.」</p>

    <p>「That’s right. A woman who is a hunter and house head, and a man that tends to the hearth… Life is strange.」</p>

    <p>「But they look very happy. In that case, maybe that is the way things should be.」</p>

    <p>Ema Min laughed out softly like a child, contrary to her usual self.</p>

    <p>「Do you remember how they looked when they just reached home? Ai Fa’s expression was unexpectedly gently, just like a normal girl. She will only show that face to her family member Asuta.」</p>

    <p>「Hmm? I didn’t realize at all.」</p>

    <p>「I see. I thought Ai Fa is a strong hunter who is stubborn and unapproachable. If a family like that is with her, she should be able to live a peaceful and stable life.」</p>

    <p>Ema Min said. She had a smile on her face as she looked up at Kaslan Lutim.</p>

    <p>「If I never met you, I might envy them a lot.」</p>

    <p>「I see.」</p>

    <p>Kaslan Lutim gave a short answer.</p>

    <p>As Ema Min strode forth, she quietly embraced Kaslan Lutim’s arm.</p>

    <p>「If Asuta takes on this job, how blissful our wedding day would be. If they still reject us tomorrow, I will keep visiting the Fa house until he agrees.」</p>

    <hr/>

    <p>Luckily, Asuta agreed to take on the job of hearth caretaker.</p>

    <p>Kaslan Lutim relayed his terms to Donda Wu, who accepted readily.</p>

    <p>「Kaslan Lutim, I have heard! You asked Asuta to be the hearth caretaker for your wedding right? It must be tough to make that resolve!」</p>

    <p>Inside the Wu village, Ludo Wu came to chat with Kaslan Lutim.</p>

    <p>He had always been a cheerful youth, and now, a big bright smile could be seen on his face.</p>

    <p>「And Asuta will be tending the Wu clan’s hearth everyday before the wedding right? I’m super happy!」</p>

    <p>「I see. I asked Donda Wu to accept such a forceful request, so I feel more at ease after hearing you say that.」</p>

    <p>「The way you speak is still so deadpan…! But you are going to gift twenty kiba worth of tusks and horns to Asuta right? He will gladly accept this job even if you didn’t do that.」</p>

    <p>「But in that case, it wouldn’t sit right with our rules. I asked a non blood kin to tend to the hearth for my wedding, so i have to make the payment.」</p>

    <p>「Is that so? We didn’t pay him anything though? We only gave him a tusk or a horn each as a blessing.」</p>

    <p>「… Speaking of which, why did the Wu clan ask Asuta to tend to your hearth in the first place?」</p>

    <p>And so, Kaslan Lutim learned for the first time what transpired between the Fa house and Wu clan.</p>

    <p>Including how Ai Fa was good friends with Jiba Wu and Rimee Wu, how the Wu clan proposed to Ai Fa after she lost her father— he learned all this for the first time.</p>

    <p>「So Asuta’s cooking saved Jiba Wu…」</p>

    <p>「That’s right. But even so, Jiza-nee and Darum-nii still wouldn’t accept Asuta. But that night’s dinner seemed to have changed my dad’s mind.」</p>

    <p>Kaslan Lutim groaned for a while, then decided to talk to Jiza Wu and Darum Wu.</p>

    <p>The sun was about to rise to the top of the sky soon, and Asuta will be reaching the Wu village at that time. He had to complete this task before that.</p>

    <p>「Jiza Wu, Darum Wu, can you bother you for a moment?」</p>

    <p>The two of them happened to be in a corner of the plaza.</p>

    <p>To prepare for their hunter’s work for the day, they were resting under the windy shade of a tree, and were chatting.</p>

    <p>「It’s you, Kaslan Lutim. I wanted to speak with you too.」</p>

    <p>Jiza Wu stared at him with his slit like eyes.</p>

    <p>「Our clan head Donda just told me about the arrangement for the wedding… Why are you entrusting something so important to Asuta of house Fa?」</p>

    <p>「I think doing this will bring strength to our blood kin.」</p>

    <p>Jiza Wu’s face was gentle as always.</p>

    <p>But Kaslan Lutim knew very clearly that there was cruelty and passion in his heart, and such a character befits the heir of the Wu clan very well.</p>

    <p>「If it could deepen the joy of living, it will strengthen our will to survive. I don’t think that is wrong— but Asuta of house Fa is a foreigner.」</p>

    <p>「Yes. But isn’t he a member of the Fa house now?」</p>

    <p>「If the house head agrees, anyone can become a family member. However, in the eighty years since we moved to the edge of Morga’s forest, no foreigner had ever been taken in as family before.」</p>

    <p>「That’s right, Asuta just happen to be the first foreigner to do so. Since there are no rules against this, there shouldn’t be any problems right?」</p>

    <p>「……Asuta learned his skills from outside Forest’s Edge. Can you be sure that it will bring positive change to Forest’s Edge?」</p>

    <p>「I can’t tell if this change is in the right direction, but that doesn’t mean it is wrong. Hence, I will choose to believe it its right.」</p>

    <p>Jiza Wu crossed his arms without any change in his expression.</p>

    <p>Darum Wu stared at Kaslan Lutim without any hint of hostility, and remained silent.</p>

    <p>「Jiza Wu, I understand your concerns, I’m also worried about this too. However, continuing to reject strength from the outside world might not be the right move either. The world outside Forest’s Edge is boundless, we can’t dismiss everything out there to be wrong.」</p>

    <p>「All our brethrens will only spend their live in Forest’s Edge. The outside world has nothing to do with us.」</p>

    <p>「Is that so? Jiza Wu, we are born in Forest’s Edge and bred in Forest’s Edge, but we didn’t spring out from the trees.」</p>

    <p>He knew that even if he said that, the other party wouldn’t agree with him, but he couldn’t help voicing it out anyway.</p>

    <p>To Kaslan Lutim, Jiza Wu was an important kin, and the heir to his elder clan. Even if he acknowledge the other party’s views and feelings, he couldn’t hide what he thought and reach a compromise with him.</p>

    <p>「Eighty years ago, when our ancestors still lives in the forest of Jaguar, they have never gotten involved with the people in the city before, and lived by ourselves in the forest. After moving into the Morga forest, they started selling kiba tusks and horns to the Post Station Town, and lived by the laws of Genos. Even so, we still stubbornly refused to mingle with the people in the city— is this really the right path?」</p>

    <p>「Your judgement is sound. However, hasn’t the Tsun clan that is closely related to Genos fallen into depravity?」</p>

    <p>「That’s exactly why we have to interact with the city. We can’t harvest the grace of the forest, so we have to erect a bridge to the outside world in order to survive. In that case, we have to build our relationship with the outside world in a more correct manner.」</p>

    <p>「Is that the reason— why you accepted Asuta?」</p>

    <p>「I didn’t thought that far. I just think it isn’t right to reject Asuta because he hails from a foreign land.」</p>

    <p>Jiza Wu sighed softly, then shook his head that was supported by his powerful neck.</p>

    <p>「No matter what, the clan head Donda has already acceded to your request, and we will follow the clan head’s orders. I can only pray that you are right, and that Asuta wouldn’t bring us disaster.」</p>

    <p>「If anything untoward happens, I’m willing to pay with my live.」</p>

    <p>And finally, Kaslan Lutim tried talking to the quiet Darum Wu:</p>

    <p>「Darum Wu, do you harbour the same doubts as Jiza Wu?」</p>

    <p>「I— don’t understand such difficult things.」</p>

    <p>Darum Wu answered unhappily.</p>

    <p>「I just can’t stand the sight of that pale skinned guy.」</p>

    <p>This seemed to be a simple problem.</p>

    <p>Darum Wu was just being difficult like a child.</p>

    <p><i>… Speaking of which, Donda Wu wanted Ai Fa to marry Darum Wu back then.</i></p>

    <p>He probably still bear a grudge about that.</p>

    <p>Kaslan Lutim would be marrying in a few days, but he still don’t understand boy girl relationship very well.</p>

    <p><i>No matter what, I have already chosen this path.</i></p>

    <p>He could only believe in himself and strive on.</p>

    <p>Kaslan Lutim bid farewell to the two of them, and waited for the visit of his fellow denizen from a another nation.</p>

    <hr/>

    <p>The busy day went by in a flash, Kaslan Lutim could finally stand before Asuta with a heart of bliss and satisfaction. The wedding has concluded successfully.</p>

    <p>「I’m relieved that it ended peacefully.」</p>

    <p>Asuta said after taking the necklace that served as payment.</p>

    <p>He seemed completely exhausted, his eyes half shut with his back against the wall, as if he would fall at any moment.</p>

    <p>But a satisfaction that was on par with Kaslan Lutim could be seen in his eyes.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa’s face was red for some reason and her face turned away. But the same emotions filled her eyes too.</p>

    <p><i>… When she’s dressed like this, she don’t look like a female hunter at all.</i></p>

    <p>Ai Fa was in banquet wear, and more glamorous than before. And she seemed to have opened her heart to Asuta.</p>

    <p>The female hunter Ai Fa and the hearth caretaker Asuta. In Forest’s Edge, they were the most unique couple. But Kaslan Lutim also realized that they were family with their soul closely connected.</p>

    <p>「Asuta, you are amazing.」</p>

    <p>Kaslan Lutim felt the incredibly rowdy banquet behind him, then said:</p>

    <p>「You are a foreigner, but I think of you as a fellow denizen of Forest’s Edge. Even though your strength, character and appearance are all different from someone in Forest’s Edge— that is the most incredibly point for me.」</p>

    <p>「I see. I’m amazed that everyone can accept someone like me too.」</p>

    <p>Asuta said in a sleepy voice.</p>

    <p>「It’s all thanks to Ai Fa. She took me in, and that threaded my bonds in Forest’s Edge.」</p>

    <p>「Shut up.」</p>

    <p>Ai Fa said with a sneer.</p>

    <p>Her soft cheeks were still dyed red.</p>

    <p><i>I see… If Ai Fa didn’t met Asuta, he wouldn’t be here today.</i></p>

    <p>If anyone else discovered a foreigner in Forest’s Edge, it was unlikely for them to take him home. Normally, they would just leave him where he was, or at the most, send him to the Post Station Town. Any outsiders who encounter ill tempered hunters would face even worse fate.</p>

    <p><i>After Ai Fa took him in, he got to know the Wu clan and Lutim house because of the bonds between Ai Fa and Grandma Jiba— and so, I get to meet him.</i></p>

    <p>How would this encounter influence Forest’s Edge in the future?</p>

    <p>Kaslan Lutim wasn’t a prophet, and he had no idea what the future might bring. Even so, he had a premonition.</p>

    <p><i>Asuta and I chose the same path.</i></p>

    <p>Kaslan Lutim could feel this very clearly during the banquet.</p>

    <p>Asuta brought him great joy and happiness, and had become an irreplaceable existence in his heart.</p>

    <p>This had nothing to do with blood relations. Asuta of the Fa house might not be his kin, but he was a fellow denizen of Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p><i>I will stand shoulder to shoulder with Asuta and head into the future.</i></p>

    <p>He didn’t know what awaited for him ahead.</p>

    <p>And instead of a premonition, this feeling was closer to being a deep belief.</p>

    <p><i>If anyone attempts to harm Asuta, I will be his shield. If they reject him, I will speak up in his stead. After all, Asuta brought me such a great harvest today.</i></p>

    <p>Tonight, Kaslan Lutim got a beautiful wife and an important friend, there wasn’t anyone more happy than him. He chewed on this thought quietly in his mind.</p>

    <p>「Asuta, you—」</p>

    <p>「Sorry, he’s asleep.」</p>

    <p>Ai Fa cut off his words.</p>

    <p>On closer look, Asuta had collapsed on the ground before he knew it, and fallen into deep slumber as he leaned on the wall.</p>

    <p>His face was as innocent as a child, and filled with satisfaction.</p>

    <p>「In the end, he slept without a word. He’s still half baked in this sense.」</p>

    <p>Ai Fa said slowly.</p>

    <p>But her eyes were filled with love.</p>

    <p>「Sorry for disturbing you when you are so tired, please have a good rest.」</p>

    <p>「Yes… Is the banquet still going on?」</p>

    <p>「Yes. No one will sleep until the last drop of fruit wine is finished.」</p>

    <p>「I can’t stay up that long. I will make a move first then.」</p>

    <p>Ai Fa put her head under Asuta’s arm, then heaved him up.</p>

    <p>Asuta was still sound asleep, and breathing steadily.</p>

    <p>「Ai Fa, I want to thank you.」</p>

    <p>「Hmm? We received proper payment for this job, you don’t need to thank us over and over again.」</p>

    <p>「No, not for tonight. I want to thank you for bringing Asuta to Forest’s Edge.」</p>

    <p>「About that… You don’t need to thank me either.」</p>

    <p>Ai Fa pouted and averted her face.</p>

    <p>If Asuta wasn’t here, she wouldn’t be showing such a face to Kaslan Lutim either.</p>

    <p>「Alright then, I’m going now.」</p>

    <p>Their relationship with the Tsun clan had grown more adverse, and there was also that mysterious man from the city—Kamyua Yost… There will be more troubles waiting for them tomorrow.</p>

    <p>Kaslan Lutim will not hold back and help them whenever he could.</p>

    <p>Today, he just hope they could rest safely in the Wu village, and prepare to face what tomorrow might bring.</p>

    <p>Kaslan Lutim thought as he burned the figure of his friends into his eyes, then turned and return to his lovely wife.</p>

    <p>The ceremonial continued spewing out crimson flames, as if it was going to engulf the very night sky.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>