<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Mid-Meal Snack: The Hearth Caretaker of the Wu Branch House</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter">
    <h1>Mid-Meal Snack: <span epub:type="subtitle">The Hearth Caretaker of the Wu Branch House</span></h1>

    <p>Shela Wu was born with a weak constitution.</p>

    <p>She was sickly and frail during her childhood, and smaller in size compared to her peers, which resulted in her timid personality.</p>

    <p>The denizens of Forest’s Edge placed a lot of emphasis on physical ability, which also applied to the women. Without a certain level of strength and endurance, the women wouldn’t be able to do all the house chores. When a person couldn’t fulfill her own responsibilities, her heart would be filled with sadness.</p>

    <p>And of course, the people around her didn’t bully her because of her physical condition. The other houses might do so, but no one in the Wu clan village was so heartless.</p>

    <p>Her heart was filled with self-reproach. Even though she wasn’t of much help, the people around her didn’t admonish her, which deepened her sense of guilt.</p>

    <p>Be it chopping wood or tanning hides, Shela Wu needed twice the time to finish these tasks. Not just that, she couldn’t even fetch water by herself. As their clan was prosperous, almost all the women in the Wu clan were strong and healthy, making her more conscious of her shortcomings.</p>

    <p>The frail Shela Wu liked tending to the hearth.</p>

    <p>Tending to the hearth didn’t require too much brute strength. She was strong enough to carry a pot. Furthermore, only her family entered the hearth, so no one compared her with anyone. Because of these various reasons, Shela Wu felt most at ease inside the stove room.</p>

    <p>It wasn’t clear if it was fortunate or not, Shela Wu was the eldest daughter and had three younger brothers. Her mother Tali Wu could be considered petite, but she was tough and strong and could handle most of the heavy lifting. Even though Shela Wu lamented her in-capabilities, she still busied herself in the stove room.</p>

    <p>As her family had shouldered part of Shela Wu’s work, she felt that she had to put her effort into tending to the hearth. Normally, the work related to the hearth involved cutting meat and vegetables and cooking. But Shela Wu spent additional effort to take care of small details that couldn’t be clearly seen.</p>

    <p>When dealing with the meat, she would cut along the grain so the meat will be more tender. Aria became too soft when overcooked, and too tough with a hint of spiciness when undercooked. When she cooked, she kept attempting to find the optimal heat and cooking time and derived joy from doing so.</p>

    <p>And obviously, her family didn’t realize the effort she had put in. No matter what she served up, her family would eat that all gratefully. This was a responsibility of the denizens of the Forest’s Edge in the first place. The Forest’s Edge did not permit anyone to be picky about the taste of the food.</p>

    <p>Shela Wu spending so much effort in tending to the hearth was just for her own self-satisfaction. However, she still felt really happy when her mother praised her cooking.</p>

    <p>「No one can tend to the hearth better than you. Teach me how to adjust the heat again.」</p>

    <p>Tali Wu probably said that because she realized the sense of guilt Shela Wu was feeling.</p>

    <p>But even so, Shela Wu felt glad.</p>

    <p>After that, both mother and daughter put even more effort into the way they cooked their food.</p>

    <hr/>

    <p>Shela Wu was secretly a fan of the Wu main house sisters.</p>

    <p>Of the hundred-odd kins in the Wu clan, the four sisters from the main house had the capabilities and charm that befit their status.</p>

    <p>The eldest Vena Wu was a gorgeous beauty. Not just her appearance, her personality was very charming too. There were hordes of men asking for her hand or volunteering to marry into her family.</p>

    <p>The second daughter Leina Wu wasn’t far behind. She was petite and had a kiddish face. She might not draw as much attention as her elder sister, but she was as charming as Vena Wu Unlike the hard to fathom Vena Wu, Leina Wu had a cheerful disposition and was gentle and kind. She was the ideal women in the minds of the denizens of Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>The third sister Lala Wu was twelve and had a forthright personality and a smart and sensitive side to her. She was great friends with Shela Wu’s brother Shin Wu, so Shela Wu interacted with her the most and learned about her unknown side early.</p>

    <p>The youngest Rimee Wu was a pure and adorable eight years old girl. Just the sight of her brought a smile to the face. She was so cute, how blissful would it be to have her as a sister or daughter? Shela thought about that from time to time.</p>

    <p>Shela Wu yearned to be like these four girls.</p>

    <p>As their status was above hers, Shela Wu didn’t feel any jealousy towards them. She was proud of them as a relative.</p>

    <p>However, she wondered sometimes.</p>

    <p>Why was she so useless?</p>

    <p>The four girls were related to Shela Wu by blood. Shela Wu’s father Raa Wu was the younger brother of the girls’ father, Donda Wu.</p>

    <p>Raa Wu was an outstanding hunter, and her mother Tali Wu was the perfect spouse. Her younger brothers would become brave hunters one day. The oldest brother had already started hunting alongside their father.</p>

    <p>Shela Wu wasn’t as strong as her other family.</p>

    <p>She was 18, but no one had asked for her hand in marriage or to marry into the family. That was how miserable her capabilities were</p>

    <p>She wasn’t bedridden with an illness like during her youth, but she still couldn’t carry a water flask on her own. Her looks weren’t particularly outstanding either, so it was a given that no denizens of the Forest’s Edge wanted to marry her.</p>

    <p>At most, she could marry to a kin house of the Wu clan. Less prestigious houses like Lilim and Mamu would be happy to take in a woman of the Wu clan in marriage. The Wu clan was their elder house after all.</p>

    <p>And when they realized not all women from the Wu clan were strong and tough, they would be utterly disappointed.</p>

    <p>Despite being of marriageable age, Vena Wu and Leina Wu didn’t rush to marry. They must be waiting to pick a good husband. They were from the main house after all, no one would turn down a marriage with such excellent women.</p>

    <p>However, Shela Wu was already 18. She had not been wed for three years. Even though her house only had two women, her and her mother, there were plenty of women in the Wu clan village. So even if Shela Wu married out, they wouldn’t be shorthanded. It was about time for her to make up her mind and marry into a kin house.</p>

    <p><i>But I—</i></p>

    <p>Even if it was just for a while more, she wanted to stay in the Wu clan village.</p>

    <p>She wanted to see how the future pans out for a certain person.</p>

    <p>Once Shela Wu will see him taking in a wife, she would be able to steel herself. She would resolve her will to leave her family and life in the Wu clan village.</p>

    <p>Shela Wu hid this idea deep in her heart and continued living her peaceful and unchanging days. At this time, two persons suddenly turned up at the Wu clan village.</p>

    <p>They were Asuta and Ai Fa from the Fa house.</p>

    <hr/>

    <p>「Anyway, that’s what happened. Grandma Jiba had gotten more energetic lately.」</p>

    <p>Lala Wu said to Shela Wu.</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu brought the Fa house people to the Wu clan village. After preparing dinner, the members of the Fa house reinvigorated the grand elder Jiba Wu.</p>

    <p>When she heard that, Shela Wu was stunned.</p>

    <p>「Lala Wu, you ate what Grandma Jiba did, right? What kind of food did they cook?」</p>

    <p>「Hmm, well… I’m not sure how to describe it. The taste was unbelievable.」</p>

    <p>「An unbelievable taste…」</p>

    <p>「Even though it was kiba, I couldn’t tell at all! The grilled meat and boiled meat were both so fragrant… No, I can’t describe it properly.」</p>

    <p>「Anyway, his cooking is very outstanding, right?」</p>

    <p>「But I can’t praise him to the heavens like the other members of my family. Papa Donda got mad too, saying that this kind of cooking will corrupt the soul.」</p>

    <p>「I see…」</p>

    <p>Half a month later, when Lala Wu visited Shela Wu’s place, there was an indescribable expression on her face.</p>

    <p>「Asuta and Ai Fa visited last night. The dinner was incredibly delicious… Sigh, I’m so troubled, I can’t even!」</p>

    <p>How did delicious food taste like?</p>

    <p>Shela Wu’s feelings became agitated again.</p>

    <p>The next day, she received a notification from the head of the Wu clan that Asuta from the Fa house will be tending to the hearth for the wedding between house Lutim and house Min.</p>

    <p>Five days before the banquet began, Asuta started lodging in the Wu clan. Four days before the wedding, Shela Wu was called over to help prepare for the banquet.</p>

    <p>「Ah, did you come from the branch house to help? Nice to meet you, I will be imposing on you.」</p>

    <p>Asuta was an incredible man.</p>

    <p>He was skinny like a woman and had a kind and polite face and attitude. He had yellowish skin just like the westerners from the Post Station Town. But his hair and eyes were black, just like an easterner.</p>

    <p>The air about him was different from the citizens in the Post Station Town. Shela Wu didn’t know how to describe this feeling, Asuta wasn’t like the people from any place, and fit the term 「foreigner」 perfectly. That was how strange he was.</p>

    <p>Asuta’s cooking was equally shocking for Shela Wu.</p>

    <p>Lala Wu was right. After processing it with the special technique of 「bloodletting」, the kiba meat had definitely become tasty.</p>

    <p>Not just that, Asuta created all sorts of flavor with just fruit wine, pico leaves and rock salt, just like magic. He boiled away the water in the poitan, then dried it in the sun before grilling it. The soup without any poitan was very palatable. He also used different cooking methods and turned the aria, tarapa, and chachi into never seen before dishes.</p>

    <p>There was so much that could be done when tending to the hearth.</p>

    <p>Compared to Asuta, her effort was no different from child’s play.</p>

    <p>With this feeling in her heart, Shela Wu quietly helped Asuta. And then—</p>

    <p>「Shela Wu, your knife work is impeccable, and you are great at controlling the heat.」</p>

    <p>Two days before the banquet, Asuta praised Shela Wu.</p>

    <p>「On the day of the banquet, I would like to invite you and your mother Tali Wu to cook the hamburg steak in the stove room of the Wu main house.」</p>

    <p>Of all the dishes Asuta showed them, the Hamburg steak was the toughest to cook.</p>

    <p>While Shela Wu was still dumbstruck, her mother Tali Wu smiled:</p>

    <p>「We are honored. My daughter is better at tending to the hearth than anyone else. Thanks to her, my culinary skills have improved greatly.」</p>

    <p>「Yes, you are right. Shela Wu has excellent cooking skills.」</p>

    <p>Asuta smiled gently.</p>

    <p>「Even if it was just cutting meat, I could feel how much effort she put into it. I want to borrow her strength.」</p>

    <p>Shela Wu felt light-headed.</p>

    <p>She never imagined that the greatly skilled Asuta would acknowledge her hearth-tending abilities.</p>

    <p>When she used the skills Asuta taught her to prepare dinner, her family was surprised and happy. Her younger brothers were rowdy and said it was 「yummy」, the quiet Raa Wu and Shin Wu also ate Shela Wu’s cooking with a face of satisfaction.</p>

    <p>So she could bring joy to her family in such a way.</p>

    <p><i>If this joy can bring more strength to the denizens of Forest’s Edge, my existence will be good medicine, and not poison </i>— Asuta once said.</p>

    <p>Asuta might be a foreigner, but he used his incredible prowess to find his place in Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>Shela Wu respected Asuta’s confidence and determination.</p>

    <p>Shela Wu was a full-blooded denizen of the Forest’s Edge, but she was hesitant and troubled. Asuta was a foreigner, but he could cook proudly and the people around him acknowledged his strength.</p>

    <p>He might look scrawny, but Asuta was brave and decisive and wasn’t inferior to the hunters of Forest’s Edge in his confidence.</p>

    <p><i>Maybe—</i></p>

    <p>Maybe she could be like Asuta, and live her life proudly.</p>

    <p>Even if Shela Wu wasn’t as strong as the other women, her culinary skill wouldn’t lose to anyone. She wanted to take pride in this and hold her head up high.</p>

    <p>After the banquet for house Lutim’s wedding ended, Asuta left the Wu clan village. But this thought lingered in Shela Wu’s heart.</p>

    <p>And then, ten or so days later—Lala Wu came to inform Shela Wu:</p>

    <p>「Asuta is running a business in the Post Station Town, and he needs helpers! Mama Mia Lei wants the both of us to assist him, will you go?」</p>

    <p>Shela Wu couldn’t give an answer right away.</p>

    <p>Why were they willing to let someone like her shoulder such an important responsibility? Her heart was filled with doubt, but the thought of working together with Asuta again filled her heart with joy.</p>

    <p>「Asuta wants us to send at least one woman who is good at tending to the hearth, so we chose you!」</p>

    <p>「But… Leina Wu from the main house is great at caretaking the hearth too, right?」</p>

    <p>「Hmm〜 the main house already sent Vena-nee to help Asuta. If both elder sisters were gone, we could become overwhelmed with house chores. If you turn this down, we will have to partner Leina-nee with another woman from the branch house and ask the branch house to help with the chores of the main house.」</p>

    <p>Lala Wu stared at Shela Wu, her eyes were filled with hope and unease. Lala Wu had already opened her heart to Asuta, so she must really want to go to the Post Station Town to help.</p>

    <p>「However, we will need to carry iron pots and other baggage to the Post Station Town, and that will be tough. Shela Wu, you have to decide for yourself!」</p>

    <p>Shela Wu was very troubled.</p>

    <p>She didn’t think that she was capable enough to take on the job. However, a sense of pride had just sprouted in her heart.</p>

    <p>If she didn’t provide sunlight and water to the sprout, it would wither away in no time.</p>

    <p>Hence, Shela Wu looked at Lala Wu as sincerely as she could manage.</p>

    <p>「I’m willing to take on this job.」</p>

    <p>Shela Wu hoped that she could live proudly just like Asuta.</p>

    <p>She didn’t want to hide the feelings in her heart.</p>

    <p>With this conviction in mind, Shela Wu took another step forward.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>