<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Mid Meal Snack: The Gathering at House Lutim</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter">
    <h1>Mid Meal Snack: <span epub:type="subtitle">The Gathering at House Lutim</span></h1>

    <p>“The sky is getting dark. The banquet in the city should be starting soon…”</p>

    <p>The head of the Lutim main house, Dan Lutim, sighed.</p>

    <p>He was in the kitchen of the main house, where Ema Min Lutim and Molun Lutim were preparing dinner. The both of them were busier than usual today, as they tried to cook a more complicated dish.</p>

    <p>“Just what dishes are Asuta and the others making? Just thinking about it makes my stomach grumbles.”</p>

    <p>Dan Lutim who was standing at the entrance of the kitchen said to himself. Men would normally stay away from the kitchen, but the kiba hunt ended early today, so Dan Lutim dropped by the kitchen to find someone to talk to.</p>

    <p>“If I was selected as an escort, I would get to eat those dishes… Sigh, why is Donda Wu toying with his old friend?”</p>

    <p>Molun Lutim stirred the content of the simmering pot and answered with a smile: “He isn’t toying with you, the house head or the heir needed to stay home to protect the house, he is just respecting this Forest’s Edge custom.”</p>

    <p>Molun Lutim was Dan Lutim’s daughter, aged fiftten. She had a chubby figure, and was a healthy and cute girl. She was as fierce as her father when she gets mad, but her personality was gentle and kind, and would seldom get angry.</p>

    <p>“But during the noble’s conference Kaslan and I were both permitted to leave the house. So why do I have to stay home this time?”</p>

    <p>“The conference was dangerous, and Father Dan’s presence was necessary, right? Since we have made up with the nobles, Father Dan didn’t need to attend this time.”</p>

    <p>“But four hunters were sent to escort them, correct? Then sending me as an escort would be fine too.”</p>

    <p>“You are so hard headed. Father Dan, do you want to eat Asuta’s cooking so badly…?”</p>

    <p>In response to Molun, Dan Lutim puffed out his thick chest proudly: “Of course!”</p>

    <p>“There aren’t many chance for me to eat Asuta’s cooking! Of course I will be unhappy that this chance got taken away!”</p>

    <p>Molun Lutim smiled at her father:</p>

    <p>“I’m working hard to cook dinner for my family, and you are so unhappy about it. It makes me sad.”</p>

    <p>“No, I have no problem with your dishes… But this is different, you know?”</p>

    <p>“That’s how it seems to me. What do you think, Ema Min?”</p>

    <p>And of course, this was just a small joke between family members. So Ema Min Lutim also answered with a smile: “You are right.”</p>

    <p>“I practiced so much, but we are still far from Asuta’s level. In order to satisfy the house head, I have to work even harder.”</p>

    <p>“I already said that’s not true. Are you toying with me too?”</p>

    <p>“Like I said, no one is toying with Father Dan. Dinner is almost done, so wait in the hall.”</p>

    <p>Dan Lutim left the kitchen reluctantly. He was usually so cheerful, but was moody because he couldn’t eat Asuta’s dishes. Of all the kin of the Wu clan, Dan Lutim was a hunter on par with Donda Wu, but he had a childish side too.</p>

    <p>“Really now, when it comes to Asuta’s cooking, Father Dan will get so noisy. Sigh, but I can empathize with him.”</p>

    <p>Ema Min Lutim moved the meat marinated in tau sauce and fruit wine onto plates and answered: “Yes, Asuta’s cooking is really wonderful.”</p>

    <p>Ema Min Lutim had married into the Wu clan for two months now. Her husband Kaslan Lutim, sister-in-law Molun Lutim, father-in-law Dan Lutim, and grandfather-in-law Ra Lutim were all her precious family now.</p>

    <p>“We had finally made amends with the nobles, that is great. When Father Dan was involved during the last conference, I was so worried.”</p>

    <p>“Yes, I was so worried too. We don’t know what schemes the nobles had, and we had to stay in the Wu clan village—”</p>

    <p>Molun Lutim stopped unnaturally mid sentence.</p>

    <p>“What’s the matter?”</p>

    <p>Looking back, Molun Lutim’s round face was blushing as she shook her head and said: “It’s nothing.”</p>

    <p>“It doesn’t look like nothing… what happened on that day?”</p>

    <p>“Nothing, nothing happened!”</p>

    <p>Molun Lutim’s face turned even redder.</p>

    <p>Seeing her like this, Ema Min Lutim remembered something:</p>

    <p>“Speaking of which, the hunters of the north gathered in the Wu clan village on that day too.”</p>

    <p>“……”</p>

    <p>“This was the first time I saw them, they really are a group of outstanding hunters. I heard that they were as ferocious as the Wu clan hunters.”</p>

    <p>“Yeah, t-that’s right.”</p>

    <p>On that day, Molun Lutim chatted with a hunter from the northern tribe for a while. Her face was blushed like this back then too.</p>

    <p>What was that hunter’s name— He was bigger than Donda Wu and Dan Lutim, and wore the skull of a kiba on his head. He was probably from the Dom house.</p>

    <p><i>Could it be, she had fallen for that hunter?</i></p>

    <p>But the Wu clan and its kin had been at odds with the northern tribe for many long years. The Tsun clan had fallen, but their relationship had not improved that much as to welcome marriage between the two. The future would be bleak if she fell for a hunter of the north.</p>

    <p><i>That’s why Molun can’t say it. Even though the house head Dan and Kaslan won’t object.</i></p>

    <p>But that was more the reason why Molun couldn’t say it. The Lutim house was the kin of a Wu clan, while the Dom house was the kin of the Zaza house. So marriage between the two house would bring much trouble to their superior houses.</p>

    <p>At this juncture, Ema Min Lutim smiled at Molun Lutim:</p>

    <p>“It is getting dark, let’s cook the kiba quickly.”</p>

    <p>Molun Lutim smiled in relief.</p>

    <p>It was dark outside, which made the fire in the hearth look more bright.</p>

    <hr/>

    <p>Shortly after, dinner was done.</p>

    <p>When they brought the dishes to the main hall, Dan Lutim who had been waiting cried: “Ohh.”</p>

    <p>“It’s finally done! I’m famished!”</p>

    <p>“I will bring the other dishes in, please wait a moment.”</p>

    <p>Kaslan Lutim went to the city as a follower of the tribal chiefs, so there were only four members left in the house. The former head of the Lutim house, Ra Lutim sat quietly beside his noisy son as usual.</p>

    <p>“The room is so much bigger when Kaslan isn’t around! Now that I think about it, is this the first time I’m having dinner without Kaslan around?”</p>

    <p>“That’s true. When Papa Dan and Kaslan-nii were away, the place looked even bigger.”</p>

    <p>That was on the eve of the conference with the nobles. On that night, Dan Lutim and Kaslan Lutim had dinner in the Wu clan.</p>

    <p>“Now that you mentioned it, didn’t Papa Dan eat Asuta’s cooking on that night? We haven’t eaten Asuta’s cooking ever since Kaslan-nii and Ema Min’s wedding.”</p>

    <p>“What is it, are you still moody about it, Molun? Didn’t I tell you that there is nothing wrong with your cooking?”</p>

    <p>Dan Lutim pouted like a child. Molun Lutim smiled at the sight of that and took her seat. Ema Min Lutim knelt down beside her too.</p>

    <p>“Hurry up and dig in, didn’t you wait very long already?”</p>

    <p>“Yes! I offer thanks to the forest for her grace, and thanks to Ema Min and Molun for tending to the hearth and extending our lives!”</p>

    <p>He was probably the only one who said grace with such a cheerful tone. Ema Min Lutim smiled and said grace with an awkward smile too.</p>

    <p>“Today’s dinner looked very sumptuous! And there are dishes I had never seen before too.”</p>

    <p>“Yes, it’s the first time we tried making this dish, so please let us know your thoughts about it.”</p>

    <p>Dan Lutim acknowledged with a laugh, and brought the wooden plate to his face. Ema Min Lutim and Molun Lutim scooped the soup from the pot into the plates as they watched him quietly.</p>

    <p>Dan Lutim was smiling without suspecting anything as he took a large bite. After chewing for a while, his eyes opened wide:</p>

    <p>“M-Molun, this is—”</p>

    <p>“Really now, don’t talk when you are eating. Speak after you have swallowed.”</p>

    <p>Dan Lutim continued chewing with a grunt. He probably wants to clarify something quickly, but was reluctant to swallow the delicious food.</p>

    <p>And so, when the plate of soup was finally placed before him, Dan Lutim shouted: “What is this!”</p>

    <p>“What, it’s just a kiba dish?”</p>

    <p>“I know that! But this dish— taste as good as kiba cutlet!”</p>

    <p>“Is that so? That’s great.”</p>

    <p>Molun Lutim smiled gleefully and looked back at Ema Min Lutim.</p>

    <p>“This is called Tatsuta-age. Like kiba cutlet, it’s made by deep frying in kiba oil.”</p>

    <p>“Really!? But this dish wasn’t present during the banquet at the Wu clan!”</p>

    <p>“They will definitely make it in the future. Asuta developed this dish for the sake of today.”</p>

    <p>Dan Lutim took a second bite, and swallowed it after tasting it thoroughly. He then turned to Molun Lutim and said:</p>

    <p>“Then, the tribal chiefs and nobles are eating these dishes too?”</p>

    <p>“Yes, Asuta said that he plans to cook these dishes for the banquet. So we learned how to cook them in the Wu clan.”</p>

    <p>Asuta was lodging in the Wu clan temporarily. As the Lutim house women would visit the Wu clan to learn cooking, they were taught by Asuta personally for the past few days.</p>

    <p>“This dish is more tedious than kiba cutlet. We have to turn chachi into powder form, which is a lot of work. But it taste good, right?”</p>

    <p>“Yes, it’s great! This is as good as Asuta’s kiba cutlet! There isn’t any sauce on it, so why does it taste so good?”</p>

    <p>“That’s because the kiba meat had been marinated in a sauce ahead of time. Shiru fruit taste good even after the juice is squeezed out.”</p>

    <p>Ema Min Lutim explained as Dan Lutim swept up the “Tatsuta-age kiba” while he nods. As Asuta expected, he enjoyed the chopped tino a lot too.</p>

    <p>“Finish the other dishes too. We made so much of it for the sake of Father Dan.”</p>

    <p>“Hmm? For me?”</p>

    <p>“Yes, the dishes for tonight is the same as the ones Asuta will be serving in the city. This is cold shabu shabu, and this is okonomiyaki.”</p>

    <p>The soup was “tau sauce kiba soup”. They couldn’t make Asuta’s “Chachi mochi” as they didn’t have enough chachi powder, but they managed to prepare the entrée with raw gigo. They couldn’t make the mayonnaise sauce for the okonomiyaki, but they managed to recreate all the Asuta’s other dishes.</p>

    <p>“Asuta’s will taste better, but eating this will make Father Dan a little happy, right? I worked hard with Ema Min to make these!”</p>

    <p>“Ara, this taste great! I can’t imagine anything tasting better than this!”</p>

    <p>Dan Lutim’s laughter echoed in the room, and he suddenly turned towards the two of them.</p>

    <p>“But why were you hiding this from me? Shouldn’t you calm me down by telling me this ahead of time?”</p>

    <p>“Because you will be happier when you actually eat it?”</p>

    <p>“Yes, and if you held any expectation before eating it, you might feel disappointed.”</p>

    <p>“Who will feel disappointed after eating such delicious cooking! Both of your cooking skills had improved a lot!”</p>

    <p>Dan Lutim had a satisfied smile. It was pure and innocent, as if he had cleaned off all his fatigue.</p>

    <p>Molun Lutim smiled gleefully too, and she looked at the quiet Elder?</p>

    <p>“Grandpa Ra, do you have any dish you don’t like?”</p>

    <p>“No, they all taste marvelous.”</p>

    <p>Elder Ra Lutim was a tall and slender old man. His white beard reached his chest and he had high brows and lively eyes. Aside from being bald and taller, he looked just like his son Dan Lutim.</p>

    <p>“However… I might not know anything about cooking, but I still know making all these dishes took a lot of effort. Thinking back to the times when we can only drink poitan soup, this is such a drastic change.”</p>

    <p>“Yes! I had almost forgotten about those days!”</p>

    <p>“Yes… But I have lived in those times for almost 60 years. I won’t forget those days in just a few months.”</p>

    <p>Dan Lutim opened his eyes wide and looked at his father:</p>

    <p>“Father Ra, what’s the matter? Are you unhappy about the delicious food Asuta brought to us?”</p>

    <p>“I have no complaints. However, after Asuta of the Fa house became a part of the Forest’s Edge, life in the settlement is changing at an amazing pace. Forest’s Edge denizens cooking meals and selling them to townsfolk is something I would never have imagined.”</p>

    <p>It was rare for the quiet Elder to speak so much. Ema Min Lutim straightened her back as she listened.</p>

    <p>“And the Tsun clan too. We had been building up our power for the sake of bringing down the Tsun clan one day, but the one who brought them down was actually Asuta.”</p>

    <p>“Defeating them peacefully is a good thing! Father Ra, what are you unhappy about?”</p>

    <p>“I already said that I have no complaints. But… the changes are just too abrupt for an old bones like me.”</p>

    <p>Ra Lutim then narrowed his eyes, as if he was looking afar:</p>

    <p>“I’m very grateful to Asuta for saving the Grand Elder Jiba Wu. He also gave the denizens of Forest’s Edge new strength with his cookings. For these old bones, this change is just too sudden. Asuta has suddenly became an irreplaceable person to the Forest’s Edge.”</p>

    <p>“That’s too meek! Father, you will really turn old if you keep this up!”</p>

    <p>Dan Lutim laughed heartily as he smacked his father’s back. In all of Forest’s Edge, Dan Lutim was probably the only one who would do that to the Elder Ra Lutim.</p>

    <p>“Father, share this joy with us and walk down the same path! Jiba Wu is already 85, and she is still lively, correct? Be it children or old man, they are all equal before the Mother Forest!”</p>

    <p>“Hmmp. How cruel of you to not let my old bones rest.”</p>

    <p>“That’s because I’m my father’s son! How can I be so reserved with my precious family!?”</p>

    <p>Dan Lutim sipped the soup as he said that:</p>

    <p>“Asuta has been in the Forest’s Edge for three months now. So much has changed in such a short time! In one year, five years and ten years later, there will be even more pleasant changes! Father, it will be a pity if you don’t witness it and return your soul back to the forest!”</p>

    <p>“That’s right, Grandpa Ra has to live a long life, just like Jiba Wu.”</p>

    <p>Molun Lutim leaned forward with her hand on her grandfather’s thin lap. Ra Lutim closed his eyes and nodded. Ema Min Lutim watched this scene and felt blissed that she married into the Lutim house.</p>

    <p>Even during days when her beloved husband wasn’t with her, she could feel such warmth. This was all thanks to the demise of the Tsun clan and the vicious nobles.</p>

    <p><i>One year, five years and ten years later, what kind of lives will we be living… It is impossible to imagine.</i></p>

    <p>However, Ema Min Lutim didn’t feel uneasy at all. Even with such drastic changes, she was surrounded by her friends and family. Hope and happiness were waiting in the future for them.</p>

    <p>“There’s no end once we start chatting! Let’s eat this delicious meal before it gets cold!”</p>

    <p>Dan Lutim passed the empty bowl to Ema Min Lutim, and Ema Min Lutim smiled at him in return.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>