<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Prologue</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="prologue">
    <h1>Prologue</h1>

    <p>Fifteenth of the White Month.</p>

    <p>I opened my eyes at dawn, and saw the sleeping face of a cute boy before me, which surprised me.</p>

    <p>It was a youth with yellowish brown hair, and a face as gentle as a girl— someone I knew very well, the youngest son of the Wu clan, Ludo Wu.</p>

    <p><i>This is…?</i></p>

    <p>As I looked at his sleeping face, I started reminiscing.</p>

    <p>After the banquet for Zuro Tsun and the others ended, Ai Fa and I stayed over at the Wu clan main house, while Barcia spent the night in Shin Wu’s house. Barcia and us stayed in the only empty house last night, but we had to give it to Zuro Tsun and the others instead.</p>

    <p>Shin Wu and Ryada Wu must be taking turns to sleep as they kept watch over Barcia. Zuro Tsun and his family probably received the same treatment by Graff Zaza and the others.</p>

    <p>And then, there were Ai Fa and me.</p>

    <p>There weren’t any more empty rooms in the Wu clan main house, so Ai Fa stayed in Grandma Jiba’s chambers, while I bunked with the men in their room.</p>

    <p>There was one small secret though; spending the night apart from Ai Fa reminded me of the troubled days I spent incarcerated, so it was hard for me to fall asleep— But after chatting with the excited Ludo Wu, I dozed off before I realized it.</p>

    <p>The morning sun shone in through the window. Even Ludo Wu who woke very early amongst the men didn’t get up at day break.</p>

    <p>I finally cleared my mind, and thought in a daze:</p>

    <p>His sleeping face sure is cute…</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu has an androgynous face, and was as cute as a girl when he smiles. The way he breath evenly with his mouth pouting like a child was really cute.</p>

    <p><i>Never mind, he might hit me if I told him that.</i></p>

    <p>I sat up and stretched my back. Darum Wu was actually sleeping opposite me.</p>

    <p><i>Speaking of which… So he is also sleeping in this room.</i></p>

    <p>As the Wu clan was a big family, there were two or more people staying in each room. Hence, it wasn’t surprising for two unwed men to stay together.</p>

    <p>And of course, his wolf-like eyes were closed right now. He always seemed so unapproachable, but his usually tensed face was calm right now, and didn’t feel like Darum Wu at all.</p>

    <p>By the way, if he didn’t have his father’s fearsome eyes, Darum Wu would be really handsome. He was Ludo Wu’s older brother after all. The bridge of his nose was high, his lips thin, he has chiselled cheekbones and a lean face. He wasn’t androgynous like Ludo Wu or Rau Lei, but he was still a 19 year old youth— that was the impression his healthy and calm sleeping face gave me.</p>

    <p><i>It feels like I’m seeing something that I shouldn’t see…</i></p>

    <p>As I was thinking about that, Darum Wu slowly opened his eyes. He stared at me from an extremely close distance with dazed eyes.</p>

    <p>“What, are you doing…”</p>

    <p>“Ahh, nothing, well… I’m used to waking up at dawn.”</p>

    <p>I broke out in cold sweat, and Darum Wu closed his eyes slowly again.</p>

    <p>“The men… are still sleeping. You are awake, go help the women with their chores…”</p>

    <p>“Alright, I will do just that.”</p>

    <p>I got up slowly, and escaped outside as quietly as possible.</p>

    <p>As I was breathing a sigh of relief, someone opened the door of the adjacent room:</p>

    <p>“Ahh, Asuta, you are already up…”</p>

    <p>It was the eldest daughter Vena Wu and second daughter Leina Wu. They also woke at dawn.</p>

    <p>“Asuta, you can go sleep a while more… We can do the laundry by ourselves…”</p>

    <p>Vena Wu said as she suppressed a yawn. Vena Wu’s allure were at its peak so early in the morning.</p>

    <p>“It’s fine, I can’t sleep again after I get up. So I will prepare the ingredients—”</p>

    <p>At this moment, I remembered that my business at the Post Station Town is closed for today.</p>

    <p>We would finally start our conference with Pyschkurewuss today.</p>

    <p>“Anyway, let’s go outside first…”</p>

    <p>The three of us headed towards the living room. Ai Fa and Rimee Wu came from the other side of the corridor.</p>

    <p>Usually, Grandma Ditto Min would accompany Grandma Jiba, but on Ai Fa’s request, they swapped sleeping quarters.</p>

    <p>Grandma Ditto Min and Lala Wu also came out from their room.</p>

    <p>We greeted each other softly as we headed outside.</p>

    <p>“Oh, everyone’s here.”</p>

    <p>Mama Mia Lei was outside the house.</p>

    <p>Aside from Jiza Wu’s wife Sati Lei Wu, all the women from the main house were here. She still need to care for a one year old toddler, so she was excused from the morning chores.</p>

    <p>“Then Vena and the others please do the laundry. We will dry the pico leaves and chop wood.”</p>

    <p>“I will help you to chop the wood then.”</p>

    <p>When she heard what I said, Mama Mia Lei blinked confusedly.</p>

    <p>“Ah, today is your rest day, so just take a break while we work. How about foraging for herbs and firewood with us later?”</p>

    <p>“It’s fine, this is my way of thanking you for giving me a place to lodge in. It isn’t much, but let me help you.”</p>

    <p>“Yes, it will be bad for me to reject you any further. Since you insist, then please help us.”</p>

    <p>And so, we headed to the back of the house.</p>

    <p>No matter what special occasion there might be, we couldn’t neglect our daily chores.</p>

    <p>The morning chores in the Wu clan were similar to the Fa house. Cleaning up dinner and laundry, all that starts with drawing water, foraging herbs and firewood before the kiba wakes at noon, then tidying up the food store and making jerky— finishing up the daily tasks.</p>

    <p>It wasn’t too hectic, but all these were important chores that couldn’t be delayed. Building bonds with family and doing work energetically, that was a normal day for the women of the Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>If the meeting between the Forest’s Edge and the Genos’ nobles fell through, then such peaceful and lovely days would end. However, the women of the Wu clan still continued their morning work with a refreshing face.</p>

    <p>Everyone had deep faith in Donda Wu. No matter what happens in the future, their clan head and tribal chief Donda Wu would carve the most appropriate path forward—</p>

    <p><i>Even if they have no choice but to abandon the Forest’s Edge, everyone from the Wu clan would definitely follow Donda Wu gladly with the same expression on their faces.</i></p>

    <p>I thought as I walked, and Ai Fa approached me nonchalantly.</p>

    <p>“Oh, Ai Fa. Did you have a good chat with Grandma Jiba last night?”</p>

    <p>She nodded with a “Hmm”, then looked at me with a strong gaze.</p>

    <p>“What’s the matter? Nothing happened on my side.”</p>

    <p>“Yes. That second son… Did he do anything strange to you?”</p>

    <p>“No. Darum Wu slept early, and I chatted with Ludo Wu for a while.”</p>

    <p>She grunted again, but didn’t shift her eyes off me.</p>

    <p>“… What’s wrong? Are you worried about something?”</p>

    <p>“Instead of being worried…”</p>

    <p>It was rare to see Ai Fa beng so hesitant. She then move her lips right to my ears.</p>

    <p>“… After sleeping apart from you, I remembered the horrible things that happened some days before, and felt depressed.”</p>

    <p>“You are really naggy. Isn’t this what it means to bet your life on things?”</p>

    <p>I looked back at Ai Fa in surprise.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa pouted unhappily.</p>

    <p>“You don’t look like the type who would get upset over this. I must have had a good night’s sleep.”</p>

    <p>“No, it was the same for me last night. But… I couldn’t say it because it was too embarrassing.”</p>

    <p>I said to her quietly, and she elbowed my flank.</p>

    <p>I didn’t know why she poked me. But in any case, we have to make it through this day and take back the normal daily lives of the Fa house.</p>

    <p>Mama Mia Lei said with surprise: “Ahh, you are already awake?”</p>

    <p>Barcia was standing behind the house. Barcia’s stone lion-like face turned our way, and she had a smile as usual: “Oh, you are starting your work? If you need to chop wood, I can help out.”</p>

    <p>“Thank you very much. Isn’t Tali Wu with you?”</p>

    <p>Barcia was ordered not to move around the village by herself. She scratched her head with an apologetic face.</p>

    <p>“Actually… I’m just taking a stroll to sort my mind. I did this by myself, so don’t blame that gentle madam.”</p>

    <p>Mama Mia Lei frowned buffedly: “Hmm?”</p>

    <p>“I don’t think you will do anything strange. But… do you have something urgent on your mind too?”</p>

    <p>“Yes, it’s something important.”</p>

    <p>A strange silence engulfed the two of them.</p>

    <p>In the end, Mama Mia Lei said with a smile: “Okay now, it’s an important day for you too, so please work hard, Barcia.”</p>

    <p>“Yes, thank you, Mia Lei Wu.”</p>

    <p>Mama Mia Lei nodded, then turn to Ai Fa and said: “Sorry Ai Fa, can you not do your laundry, and chop wood instead? We can’t let Barcia handle a machete without a hunter around. You can bath with us later.”</p>

    <p>“Yes, I understand.”</p>

    <p>And so, the young girls went to the water source with the laundry, and the older ladies started drying the pico leaves.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa, Barcia and I started chopping wood. Ai Fa handed a big machete to Barcia and asked:</p>

    <p>“What’s the matter, Barcia of Marsala?”</p>

    <p>“You seemed troubled. Are you getting cold feet about the conference with Pyschkurewuss?”</p>

    <p>“No, I’m not regretting anything. I have resolved myself to face the nobles who framed Goram directly.”</p>

    <p>Barcia bared her white teeth in a smile.</p>

    <p>“Last night’s dinner showed me your determination. I also made up my mind. However… I still want to meet that stupid son of mine one more time before that.”</p>

    <p>“Could it be, you had been wandering the village for that?”</p>

    <p>“That’s right! I was thinking if he will show up when no one else is around, but it seems that stupid son of mine didn’t realized that I’m staying in a Forest’s Edge village as a guest.”</p>

    <p>Barcia said as she looked into the distance.</p>

    <p>“Well, forget it. Seeing him won’t change anything. I need to do what I can, for the sake of my foolish son too…”</p>

    <p>“Yes, if we can uncover Pyschkurewuss’ crimes, then we will have peace again. The only thing we want is our usual peaceful life.”</p>

    <p>“Your usual peaceful life, huh. Sounds great. It is something worth risking your lives for.”</p>

    <p>Barcia narrowed her eyes and looked even further into the distance.</p>

    <p>Her face seemed really peaceful, but her voice a determination that would never falter.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>