<br/>
Chapter 4 – Ignorant Of The World<br/>
<br/>
The morning of the next day.<br/>
I was terribly tired, but when I woke up I endured the sleepiness and had breakfast. Even being flattering, the inn’s breakfast couldn’t be called good, but it was warm and my body was demanding, so it felt delicious.<br/>
Novem was relieved looking at me feeling better<br/>
「Lyle-sama looked terribly tired yesterday, but you seem to be fine today. Your complexion isn’t as bad, either.」<br/>
After I woke up, Novem helped me with my morning preparations.  From washing my face, brushing my teeth, and handling my hair. I was being a bother, and I could hear Basil’s angry yelling the entire time, but for most of it he was telling me to not rely on Novem so much.<br/>
For some reason, he felt really concerned over Novem.  And it wasn’t just Basil.<br/>
──Basil, Crassel, Sleigh, and Max; these four felt like they were harboring respect somewhere inside them towards Novem.<br/>
The family heads from the generations starting from Fredricks considered Novem’s house as retainers of the Walt House, so they didn’t say anything even if Novem was taking care of me.<br/>
「For some reason my fatigue won’t go away, but I think I’m in better condition than yesterday. More importantly, you mentioned shopping before we left the town today?」<br/>
「That’s right. I wish to buy the necessary things beforehand.」<br/>
Things like the traveling tools I had were prepared for me by Zel. But, it didn’t mean that I had everything necessary assembled. In contrast, Novem had almost everything necessary at her disposal.<br/>
Everything that should be bought was all for me.<br/>
「Let’s buy what we can buy here.  I also wish to obtain a weapon for Lyle-sama as soon as possible.」<br/>
Novem looked at my waist. Right now I am unarmed. My favorite saber was destroyed by Celes. Perhaps Novem had heard about it from somewhere. When she mentioned the weapon, her expression turned a bit sad.<br/>
(As expected, things are going to be hard if I stay unarmed)<br/>
Thinking that, the first thing that came to mind when thinking about a weapon was a saber.<br/>
「Are they selling sabers here?」<br/>
Novem made a slightly difficult face.<br/>
「Probably, if you’re not looking for something of great quality.  But I’m not that knowledgeable about what weapons are good or bad.  Apparently, Orlan will be better in regards to the weapons around this area.」<br/>
It couldn’t be helped that she didn’t really know that much about weapons.  She was a magician.<br/>
Among nobles, magicians──introducing themselves as one would need courage in a sense. If someone was a noble they would be able to use magic. But, few people were on the level where they could introduce themselves as a magician.<br/>
Among those few, Novem specialized in healing magic, but she also had sufficiently learned other magic besides that.  She could be called nothing but a splendid magician.<br/>
「Novem has that staff, so there’s no problem there.  On the contrary, I’m unreliable as I am now.」<br/>
「No, Lyle-sama is reliable enough.」<br/>
「Is that so? Isn’t Novem, with a magic tool, amazing?」<br/>
I looked at the staff Novem placed beside her. The staff that was said to be the heirloom of the Forxuz house had a simple make.  Despite it being made of an expensive and rare metal, it had the appearance of a simple silver-colored staff.<br/>
But, that staff was a magic tool that was carved with several Arts. If we considered the price, there would be no doubt it would be heft.<br/>
「Someone like me still has some ways to go yet. My magic doesn’t compare to the talented Lyle-sama, either.  After all, Lyle-sama is wonderful in everything.」<br/>
「……I don’t feel like I’m praised.」<br/>
The great five and heavenly two. That was the foundation of magic.<br/>
There existed five great elements of fire, water, earth, wind, and lightning. In addition, there were the elements of holy and darkness that were called the heavenly two.  Each person would have elements they were either good or not good at, but even so fundamentally everyone could handle all of the elements. But there was a difference in being able to handle it and being able to use it skillfully.<br/>
Novem wasn’t lacking in skill in any of the elements.  Even if someone like that had told me that I was amazing, I couldn’t honestly accept it.<br/>
「It’s fine. Because, Lyle-sama can do anything. I too can keep up with Lyle-sama only after using everything that I have.」<br/>
"How devoted…what a good girl.  And yet this dead-eyed good for nothing is…"<br/>
I could hear Basil’s voice. When he knew that Novem was a member of the Forxuz House that we were indebted to, he made remarks that were clearly favoring Novem.  He said things like Novem being more important than me…was he really my ancestor?<br/>
According to the stories of the earlier ancestors, the Walt House had apparently been greatly indebted to the Forxuz House.  But perhaps, due to the flow of time, the Forxuz House eventually became the Walt House’s retainers. That seemed to be unforgivable for the ancestors up through Max.<br/>
The Forxuz House was of especially great help for Crassel and Max, with both of them noisily telling me to treasure Novem.  Crassel warned me about how I was dealing with Novem.<br/>
"……Lyle, you should be a bit more, how do I say it……how about you be more considerate of Novem? From what I’m seeing, your hopelessness is standing out.  You’re feeling unreliable."<br/>
But on the other hand, if the ancestors of the past had been in the debt of the Forxuz House for generations, didn’t that mean that it wasn’t just me who was relying on them?  There was no way for me to talk with the ancestors in front of Novem, so I continued to talk with her as I ignored them.<br/>
「Passing through Remlraudt to Orlan, huh……Haa, do we have to search for a traveling merchant who is going up till that point? Won’t it be fine with just the two of us? That way will be faster right? I feel like it will be faster to buy a horse or something.」<br/>
Then, toward me Fiennes──<br/>
"Aa~, Lyle, could it be you are the type whose money sense is no good? Something like a horse is really expensive you know? Furthermore their maintenance cost isn’t a joke. Allso, are you capable of taking care of them?"<br/>
Max sounded exasperated.<br/>
"He really is no good with money, isn’t he?  It’s starting to feel like it couldn’t be helped that he got driven out if he’s like this."<br/>
Novem was also disapproving.<br/>
「That’s also good, but if possible, we should depart with a group of traveling merchants.  We’d stand out traveling with just the both of us, which would lead to us being targeted by bandits and monsters.  Also, in our financial state, purchasing a horse is a little…my apologies.」<br/>
「Eh, ah……is that so?」<br/>
It seemed my thinking was wrong.  Basil also cut in.<br/>
"How come you didn’t even know such a basic thing, huh!?  Oi, wasn’t this kid pampered a bit too much growing up? The selling point of the men of the Walt House should be more about wildness!"<br/>
……It was really noisy right from the morning.<br/>
After I finished breakfast, I departed together with Novem to go shopping. But, even as we were doing that, it went without saying that the ancestors kept finding fault with me.<br/>
.<br/>
We arrived in the city a few days after that.<br/>
The city that was at the edge of the Walt House’s territory was also a relay point that connected the Walt House with other territories. Because of that, a fortress was located nearby in consideration of defense.  We arrived in the city in the evening, and the traveling merchant said his thanks to us. That was because we helped him out at the village we stopped by midway. Especially Novem, who was handling everything skillfully.<br/>
As for me, I was only slightly……or rather, I was mostly only watching though.<br/>
「Thank you very much for your help. We encountered no monsters, but please think of this as payment for your labor.」<br/>
Saying that, the merchant handed over a large copper coin. I accepted it.<br/>
「Thank you very much.」<br/>
I was the one who accepted it, but it was Novem who replied. She immediately replied back politely while I was in a state of confusion.<br/>
「Young man, you have caught a nice lady for yourself huh. I’m really jealous.」<br/>
When the merchant looked at Novem and said that, I replied back vaguely.<br/>
「Ri, right……」<br/>
Then, Max who had been irritated for the past few days spoke to me,<br/>
"Say something that’ll make Novem like you more!  At least something like, I don’t know, she’s a woman too good for me!  You’re just being too hopeless!"<br/>
But, there Fredricks whispered,<br/>
"Father had a really hard time because of mama, so you could only calm her down after saying something like that, right?  Good grief…"<br/>
What’s with these guys?! Or rather, are these guys really my honorable ancestors? It’d be fine if they acted with more dignity, wouldn’t it?<br/>
There was also this feeling inside me that didn’t really want to recognize them as my ancestors.  They were nothing but a bunch with many more problems than what I had heard about. Toward us, the traveling merchant said,<br/>
「Which reminds me, your destination is Orlan right?」<br/>
He said that, so I nodded. Then Novem asked,<br/>
「Is there something in Orlan?」<br/>
The merchant made a slightly difficult expression and said,<br/>
「No, I heard that you two were aiming to be adventures in Orlan so I figured I’d give you two a warning.  In that place, even if there are adventurers, it’s mainly mercenary groups that are in demand. It might be harsh for individuals or a small group of adventurers.  Besides, it’s near the borders. I’ve heard of adventurers getting conscripted.」<br/>
He gave us information knowing that we’re aiming to become adventurers.  There’d definitely be work for adventurers, but it came with a warning of extra danger.  On top of that, he taught us about a certain place.<br/>
「Near the capital Centralle, there is a territory that is in the middle of development. It’s a place called Dalien. Apparently it’s a place where even beginner adventurers are gathering.  This might come off as a bit rude, but that kind of place might be good if you’re aiming to become adventurers. I heard that a bandit group had been rampaging in that area recently, but the place itself has good public order and the feudal lord there is also working properly.  It could be said to be a city that’s generous to adventurers.」<br/>
I turned my gaze to Novem. Then, Novem looked at my face and talked to me even, looking a bit worried.<br/>
「I see. Based from what you say, it might be good to go to Dalien first.」<br/>
If that was what Novem said then that must be the case. I nodded in agreement. An irritated voice came. It was Basil.<br/>
"Why are you leaving all the decisions to other people!? Decide by yourself, you bastard!"<br/>
The traveling merchant taught us various things after that.<br/>
「Then it would be better if you two head to Centralle from Remlraudt. After all, the connecting coach from the Walt House’s Weihs territory is packed. It’s also very difficult to make reservations for empty seats.」<br/>
I didn’t really understand the reason, but a connecting coach from Remlraudt? It seems it would be fine if we rode that.<br/>
「Tha, thank you very much for teaching us various things.」<br/>
When I said my thanks, the traveling merchant nodded with a smile.<br/>
「Please do your best. I’ll pray for the success of you two.」<br/>
.<br/>
We traveled together with the merchants towards Remlraudt, and when we arrived there in the evening, the city was bustling.  We were walking around searching for an inn in Remlraudt. It was different from everything else so far, with the scale of the city being so large and there being many splendid buildings.  Amidst that, I found a stone monument that was erected in the plaza. I walked toward that place and found that it was packed with names. I touched the stone monument with my hand, and my finger traced the name written on the topmost spot.<br/>
"Remlraudt’s miracle? Bahnseim’s hero……Sleigh Walt? What’s this!?"<br/>
Sleigh’s voice came. Sleigh’s son Max explained to him.<br/>
"Look, the battle where Tou-san died was a big one wasn’t it? You were treated as a righteous general for your accomplishment in winning it.  Sleigh Walt, the one who caused the miracle of Remlraudt, that’s what they said."<br/>
I thought that the person would be happy knowing that, but a disagreeable voice could be heard instead.<br/>
"Ee~, that kind of treatment? For me I’ve got complaints about it though. Besides, you called it a miracle,  but…Bahhnseim was completely in the wrong on this one. Well, as they say, the winner writes the history books."<br/>
How unexpected, I never thought that the person himself would be dissatisfied with this treatment. Furthermore, there were apparently some truths behind the scenes that couldn’t be talked about.  But, what I was thinking was…even being able to talk with these people of the past was an abnormal situation. I left the stone monument and Novem walked up to me.<br/>
「Lyle-sama will surely become a splendid person like Sleigh-sama too. Please have confidence.」<br/>
Perhaps she thought I was feeling dejected and consoled me. I myself didn’t know what to say, but when it came to the Sleigh that Novem had complimented as a splendid person──<br/>
"Oh man~, it feels good being praised."<br/>
──He was being bashful. Is this person really that righteous general Sleigh Walt? Such a doubt was surfacing in my heart. He was too different from the image in my head, and the image of a military man was rapidly crumbling down.<br/>
Novem was following behind me as we left the stone monument.  Like this, we arrived in the area where a bunch of inns were gathered that we had heard about from the traveling merchant.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, it seems this inn still has an empty room.」<br/>
Novem pointed at the plank of the inn. As expected from a place with a lot of traffic, there were several inns that were putting up a plank saying that they had no empty room.<br/>
「Let’s stay here. ……I won’t ask for a bathtub, but it will be great if there is a shower.」<br/>
Novem gave an apologetic look as she read the plank.<br/>
「My apologies. This place is also a type of inn that only lends hot water.」<br/>
「Eh, is that so?」<br/>
Basil’s yell came from inside the Jewel.<br/>
"You’re too extravagant! Or rather, in my era, there was nothing like that!"<br/>
Crassel’s exasperated voice said,<br/>
"Could it be that you’re just being jealous…?"<br/>
Fiennes cleared his throat while explaining to the two. It seemed there was a large difference depending on the situation.<br/>
"In my era that kind of inn increased by a decent margin.  There were also convenient things like magic tools. For example, there was a fixed, large device that used magic stones as energy.  It became possible to use that to boil hot water."<br/>
My grandfather Brod also agreed.<br/>
"It was expensive even in my era, but inns that provided bathtubs were increasing in number by quite a lot around that time.  Though from the way Novem talked, it seems that there’s no doubt that they’d be expensive even in this era."<br/>
Basil was in admiration.<br/>
"Hou, that’s amazing. Or rather, this is a good era, huh? It was pretty hard back in my day."<br/>
Fiennes laughed while,<br/>
"Well, some things became more convenient, but there are also a lot of things that don’t really seem to change.  Like war."<br/>
When I was lending my ears to the voices inside the Jewel, Novem peered at my face with a worried look. She leaned forward for a bit and looked at me.  That gesture made my heart beat a bit fast.<br/>
「Lyle-sama?」<br/>
「N, no……it’s nothing. Let’s enter quickly. It will be tro-troubling if the empty room got filled.」<br/>
「Yes.」<br/>
Novem smiled at me. Seeing that smile, I keenly felt my lack of knowledge and a sensation that I was just dragging Novem down.<br/>
.<br/>
Inside the Jewel, in the hall of the round table.<br/>
The past ancestors, having forcefully dragged my sleepy self inside the Jewel, were surrounding the table with quiet expressions.  The room inside the Jewel seemed to be an illusive room that my imagination had created. My body was sleeping, but it seemed that my conscious was still dragged inside the Jewel and shown this scenery…<br/>
Like that, Basil Walt opened his mouth inside this heavy atmosphere.<br/>
"I have thought about it on my own, but something’s been on my mind for a bit regarding Celes──"<br/>
Crassel interrupted Basil’s talk, looking like he had just thought of something.<br/>
"Ah, rather than that, how about we set some ground rules for when we’re talking.  Everyone’s here related by blood, and with all the relationships of father and son, it makes things hard on what to call each other.  It also seems like Lyle’s mana is drastically being exhausted due to us."<br/>
「……As I thought, this really is consuming my mana.  Somehow I did get that kind of feeling.」<br/>
I comprehended it by hearing what Crassel said. Recently I was terribly tired because the commotion within the Jewel.  Their racket was recklessly shaving off my mana. They really were a troublesome bunch. Grandfather was yelling angrily at the surroundings in my place, but even that felt like it was consuming my mana needlessly.  Even though I’m already in a situation where my Art wasn’t exhibiting any effect but was stealing my mana…what an annoyance.<br/>
"You guys are making too much of a racket! What are you going to do if my grandson collapses!?"<br/>
The past ancestors here were their Arts itself recorded within the Jewel.  In other words, it wasn’t like the souls themselves were sealed in here. It seemed like they were existences that were recorded inside the Jewel alongside the Arts.<br/>
And then, the ancestors looked youthful because that was what they looked like in their prime, or something like that.  Various puzzles were being solved like this, but…<br/>
Sleigh clapped his hands several times inside the noisy room, and then looked at his son Max.<br/>
"Come on, don’t talk as you please.  Lyle’s mana is being heavily consumed.  At this rate, he’s going to collapse."<br/>
That was the truth, but somehow I couldn’t accept it. Even though my mana couldn’t really be called small, I was being treated as a weak kid just like this?  Sleigh put his hand on his chin and continued.<br/>
"Let’s decide the facilitator.  That’ll make things easier. Max, you do it."<br/>
Sleigh brought up the topic by himself but pushed the role as facilitator on his son Max. Then, the remaining five people agreed with Sleigh. It looked like they were pushing the troublesome work to someone else<br/>
"Anyone is fine as long as it’s not me."<br/>
"It’d be impossible for you, anyways."<br/>
"……No objection."<br/>
"I think that’s fine."<br/>
"Well, it suits the person."<br/>
Max fixed the placement of his glasses with his fingertip, his anger clearly visible with his trembling body.  But, he also looked resigned at the same time.<br/>
"……All of you, pushing this onto me. Well, someone needs to do it though."<br/>
He shrugged while accepting the role of facilitator, and then Max immediately made a suggestion.<br/>
"Let’s decide the fine details of the rules later……honestly, calling each other by name is also confusing, and it’s also hard for us to call each other by name.  How about we call each other based on which generation they are?"<br/>
Sleigh……the Third Generation immediately accepted it. Someone carefree like him wasn’t really bothered by something like what people called him.<br/>
"Isn’t that fine? It’s better if it’s easier to call each other like this. I don’t mind that."<br/>
Fiennes……the Sixth Generation also folded his hands and nodded.<br/>
"Even though we look young and around the same age, we are ancestors after all.  That would certainly make things easier."<br/>
Basil……the First Generation looked indifferent. He was picking something out of his ear.<br/>
"Whatever, I don’t care, finish this quickly.  Don’t forget that I still wanna talk about what I brought up earlier."<br/>
Crassel……the Second Generation glanced at the first while,<br/>
"I think it’s fine even if we only call each other’s name casually. Well, it’s important to conclude it in the way that makes it easier for the whole."<br/>
Brod……the Seventh Generation nodded. It seemed he was agreeing in consideration of me.<br/>
"That way will be better for Lyle. I’m also in agreement."<br/>
The quiet Fredricks…… the Fifth Generation also put his elbow on the round table and supported his head with his hand..<br/>
"……Whatever."<br/>
At the end, Max……the Fourth Generation concluded.<br/>
"Then, from now on let’s adopt the way of calling each other based on the generation. Incidentally, please consider Lyle’s small mana reserves and keep your remarks to the minimum."<br/>
I felt like I was spoken ill of inadvertently and talked back in whispers while looking down.<br/>
「I don’t think my mana is that small. If the Jewel and my Art didn’t steal my mana……」<br/>
However the Fourth Generation smiled as he resolutely cut apart my statement.<br/>
"Even with that taken into consideration, your amount of mana is small.  After all, only speaking of the amount of mana contained within, Lyle has the smallest amount among everyone here.  Although that would likely be because everyone here is in their prime."<br/>
Hearing that, my confidence in my amount of my mana was knocked down without any hope to recover. The seventh averted his eyes while giving me a follow up.<br/>
"Ly, Lyle is in his growing period so……from here on he will also go through "Growth", so surely his mana will also increase."<br/>
‘Surely’, the Seventh Generation followed up with such hopeful calculation. I wished that he would declare it more confidently.<br/>
「No, even if one trains, something like mana cannot increase by that much. Even if I have growth from here on the amount of my mana will only have marginal increase at best──」<br/>
When I asked the Seventh if there was something that could be done, Basil……the First stood up from his chair.<br/>
"Your grumbling is annoying! Enough already, let me talk!"<br/>
Then, the Fourth adjusted his glasses.<br/>
"There are also various other things I want to decide on though. But, please go on. Also please don’t be so loud."<br/>
After urging the First to talk, everyone’s gaze gathered on him. And then, the First folded his hands and like that he sat down heavily on his chair and cast his gaze down. After a bit he opened his eyes──<br/>
"Lyle, I’ll ask one more time to confirm."<br/>
「Ye, yes.」<br/>
The serious expression of the First made me catch my breath, and I nodded.  All of my ancestors had a unique atmosphere, but as expected, the wild air emitted by the First made me shrink into myself.<br/>
"Your little sister began to have a perfect atmosphere, and since then she became the center of her surroundings, right?  Was she bewitching despite her age? An atmosphere that made it seem like she was charming her surroundings."<br/>
I thought back and then nodded slowly. My little sister Celes was a human who could be classified not as cute, but as a beauty, in spite of her age. The first time she had a marriage proposal was when she wasn’t even 10 years old.  Furthermore, even the sons of noted family and wealthy people, and even famous knights asked for Celes’ hand in marriage. My parents refused them, but even then they didn’t give up. The number of men asking Celes for marriage couldn’t even be counted.  And then, with such an atmosphere, the surroundings moved according to her whims…<br/>
"There’s no doubt!"<br/>
The First’s fist hit the table, and with conviction, he declared,<br/>
"Your little sister……Celes is the "Evil God’s Child"!!"<br/>
After mentioning the Evil God’s Child, the First folded his arms again and stood imposingly. Seeing the First like that, the surrounding ancestors watched him in disgust.  People began to stand up, with the Fifth getting up first.<br/>
"……It’s fine to end this already, right? Then, I’ll go back."<br/>
Saying that, the Fifth returned to one of the rooms behind the chair, the doors that each had a unique shape.  The fourth saw off his retreating figure.<br/>
"Let’s postpone deciding the details until a later day. Haa, it’s a pointless waste of time."<br/>
The First was flustered seeing the reaction of the surroundings like that.<br/>
"O, oi!"<br/>
The Second also stood up and headed towards his own door.<br/>
"Just when I was wondering what you were going to talk about, it’s something worthless.  That’s just a fairy tale."<br/>
The Sixth also smiled wryly while standing up, and then he slightly raised his right hand towards me.<br/>
"Lyle, surely you also have things you want to ask, but that’s it for this time. You can sleep soundly. Tomorrow will be busy for you too."<br/>
The Seventh put his hand on my left shoulder.<br/>
"Sorry. But, any more than this and the mana consumption will be too great. Good grief, this is because the First got pointlessly excited."<br/>
It wasn’t just the Seventh who sent the First a cold gaze. The Fourth was also the same.<br/>
"Then, let’s break here."<br/>
The Third looked at the First while,<br/>
"Well, it’s troubling even if the Evil God’s Child suddenly got mentioned out of nowhere. Though I certainly do think there is something about Celes."<br/>
After everyone returned to their rooms, there was only me and the First who were left behind.  The First couldn’t accept the situation and yelled out. I understood that feeling, but that consumes my mana so please don’t do that.<br/>
"……YOU ALLLLLL!! Listen to my damn story seriously!!"<br/>
I got fed up with the place’s atmosphere. Evil God’s Child──a person who was bathed in the maliciousness of the Evil God who opposed the Goddess, an existence from a fairytale. I’m amazed at the First who would mention such a fairytale with a serious face.<br/>
「I, I also have to wake up early tomorrow.」<br/>
Saying that I returned my consciousness from the room back to my real body. I could hear the First’s voice at the end.<br/>
"YOU TOO HUUHHHH!! Listen to what I’m saying for a bit!!"<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
