<br/>
Chapter 29 – Lyle’s Growth<br/>
<br/>
"Lyle──yell the name. My Art already belongs to you! Full Burst……that’s my last Art!!"<br/>
I heard the First’s voice. His voice sounded really happy. In order to break through the current situation where I’m unable to overcome the orc I’m fighting, I yelled the name of the third stage──of the First’s Art.<br/>
「Full……Burst!」<br/>
The bluish white pattern of light enveloping my body burst out, and then bluish white flame gushed out from my body. Strength is welling up from inside my body. No, I can feel the explosive sensation increasing my strength even more than before.<br/>
「I can do it. With this……」<br/>
I took a step forward strongly and glared at the grey colored orc. I fixed my grip on the battle axe and felt my arm’s muscle swelling up.<br/>
The strength is overflowing.<br/>
「My bad but you won’t get away.」<br/>
Saying that I closed the distance with the orc and brandished up the battle axe. The speed output was also greater than before, the orc was bewildered and took a defensive stance.<br/>
The Jewel shined, and then gripping the battle axe I cut open the orc vertically.<br/>
The orc made a surprised face when the great sword also got bisected.<br/>
The orc immediately regenerated, but the great sword wasn’t regenerating back. The orc noticed my change and tried to escape after losing its weapon.<br/>
It threw away the great sword’s handle and showed its back to start running away.<br/>
I immediately moved and stood in its way to escape. Zelphy-san and Aria-san were also surrounding the orc. When I readied the battle axe, the orc looked at me with a scared expression. Then it moved its gaze to the unarmed Sophia-san.<br/>
The orc headed towards Sophia-san. I threw the battle axe. The battle axe drew an arc while rotating and stabbed the ground in front of Sophia-san. Sophia-san took it into her hand and immediately swung her weapon horizontally with all her strength.<br/>
「EAT THISSSSS!!」<br/>
The orc had no weapon to defend with and its arm was deeply wounded. When it tried to heal its wound, Sophia-san swung her battle axe further.<br/>
The surrounded orc turned its back to us and rushed towards outside the forest.<br/>
「Corner it there just like this!」<br/>
When we immediately gave chase, Novem and the others were laying in wait there. The running orc saw the sight outside the forest and looked astonished. Has it noticed that it was herded here? In that case it’s dangerous. It has to be finished off while it cannot escape.<br/>
「Novem!」<br/>
When I yelled, Novem looked at me in a bit of shock. She must be surprised by my body that is clad in bluish white flame. However, she immediately smiled. It was a smile that looked genuinely happy.<br/>
And then, she thrust her silver staff on the ground.<br/>
「Here I go──Flame Burst」<br/>
It was a magic that was categorized really highly even among the fire element. I held back Zelphy-san and others who were going to rush forward right away. Even so, she chose a really flashy magic.<br/>
A magic circle was forming right below the place the orc was rushing to.<br/>
The magic circle that was spreading in a wide area is making a complicated pattern with red lines. The temperature of the surroundings was starting to rise. However, the orc took a look at Novem and turned our way.<br/>
The Third made a displeased voice.<br/>
"Aah, I see. Well, Novem-chan is obviously looking more threatening here."<br/>
He must be more scared facing Novem rather than us. The orc’s expression was really scared. Desperate──it was drawn on its expression.<br/>
But, is it just my imagination that it also looked slightly sad?<br/>
Setting that aside──<br/>
「It’ll be troubling if it got away at this timing……」<br/>
No matter how powerful the magic is, it will be meaningless if it doesn’t hit. What is necessary for magic is unexpectedly the skill to land it on the target. If it’s just strength, then even I can match Novem equally……perhaps.<br/>
──The current us don’t have the leeway to stop the orc right in its track. I cannot stop it with the sabers I had collected back. It’s also impossible for Aria-san and Zelphy-san. Sophia-san seemed to be in pain, she was supporting her body by using her battle axe as a cane.<br/>
Everyone is at their limit. Even Novem might not be able to fire more magic after this.<br/>
Fire sparks are gushing out form the magic circle. At this rate the orc will escape. All our effort until now──then, the First yelled at me.<br/>
"Stupid idiot! What are you doing giving up like that. Even if your weapon is useless, you bastard still have your fist……show me, Lyle!"<br/>
The First’s insult. And then, his voice that is believing in me makes me loosen my mouth slightly. I dashed toward the orc heading our way and threw away the sabers my hands were holding.<br/>
「Oi, what are you!」<br/>
Zelphy-san’s voice came from behind. I didn’t listen until the end. I clenched my fist and drew it back. Flame is starting to gush out form the magic circle and the magic is about to activate. Responding to my will, flame coiled around my fist and blazed up.<br/>
The orc also headed my way and clenched its fist tightly and drew it back for a big swing. It opened its large mouth threateningly and then it punched to send me flying.<br/>
"There, ram it with a big punch!!"<br/>
「With this, IT’S OVERRRRR!!」<br/>
Matching with the First’s voice, I kicked on the ground and added the twist of my waist into my punch towards the orc. All movements were looking slow. When my fist catches the orc’s face, it deeply sinks in. The orc’s fist cut through empty space, while my full powered attack sent the orc backward──to the magic circle that started to spew out flame──explosively, my fist let out an impact that shook the air and sent the orc flying.<br/>
<br/>
The blown orc’s body floated midair and it looked towards Novem. Its hand is reaching out.<br/>
But, the orc was swallowed by the flame that burst out right after that and its figure vanished inside the flame.<br/>
I landed on the ground, waved my left hand and created an ice wall in front of myself.<br/>
「Ice Wall」<br/>
Then, my mana ran wild, an ice wall that was larger than expected was created. The heat from Novem’s magic was blocked by the wall of ice. From behind, Sophia-san along with Aria-san who is lending her a shoulder and Zelphy-san are walking towards me.<br/>
Aria-san was laughing.<br/>
「Ahaha, I can’t go on anymore……I don’t want to get into that kind of battle for a second time.」<br/>
Aria-san was looking up at the giant pillar of flame while saying that. Sophia-san also agreed with her.<br/>
「Certainly……you’re right.」<br/>
It was only Zelphy-san who was denying their opinion.<br/>
「If you stay in this business for long, you will meet opponents that are equal to or even stronger than this even if you don’t want to. If you don’t want to die, become strong. Right, Lyle. ……O, oi.」<br/>
The flame coiling around my body was about to die out. And then, a terrible weariness attacked me. I was already at my limit of moving my body or holding on my consciousness. I see, so this is the problem the First mentioned……the fatigue after using the Art is terrible.<br/>
「I, I’m sorry. Please take care of the rest……」<br/>
When I closed my eyes and collapsed, I could hear footsteps rushing towards me. That was the last thing in my mind before I let go of my consciousness.<br/>
.<br/>
──The next day.<br/>
The group that returned from the joint investigation back to the village rested their body.<br/>
As expected after such fierce battle, everyone was completely tired. Everyone other than Novem was lying down since the morning inside the hut that thr Bagan House lent them.<br/>
Novem was nursing Lyle who was making a pained look.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, are you still feeling painful? Even so you still have to eat.」<br/>
「……I don’t want to eat.」<br/>
It was a terrible fatigue. Lyle couldn’t even lift his body due to lethargy and intense pain in his body. He even refused to eat the food that looked like porridge Novem prepared from start to end. Novem brought the porridge using a wooden spoon to Lyle’s mouth.<br/>
Then, Lyle reluctantly ate only a mouthful and said.<br/>
「Bitter」<br/>
Novem smiled.<br/>
「I used a medicinal plant to make it. But, Lyle-sama should feel a bit at ease after eating this.」<br/>
Novem scooped the porridge with the spoon and brought it to Lyle’s mouth. Lyle was refusing, but Novem absolutely wouldn’t back down so he opened his mouth again.<br/>
「……Bitter」<br/>
Lyle kept complaining, but the surroundings didn’t react to that. No, they had no will power that was able to react.<br/>
「Uauu……」<br/>
Aria who was lying down and unable to even turn over.<br/>
「I, it hurts……」<br/>
Sophia was also similarly writhing from the pain in her whole body. Zelphy was sleeping to recover her stamina.<br/>
Novem saw that and smiled.<br/>
「Everyone too, thanks for your hard work. It looks like the talk will resume the day after tomorrow. Apparently both Dale-san and also Medard-san are exhausted, and above all else they are waiting for everyone to recover before having the discussion.」<br/>
Lyle didn’t seem interested.<br/>
「Whatever.」<br/>
He said. However, hearing that Novem caressed Lyle’s forehead.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, please get better soon.」<br/>
With a pale face Lyle looked like he was enduring the pain in his body and various things. Novem who was nursing the agonized four people should be in an unwell state too. But, even so she was looking after them because she was the only one who could move.<br/>
Then, the sound of the door being knocked came──<br/>
.<br/>
──When Novem came outside, Paola was there.<br/>
「Err……thank you very much for before!」<br/>
Paola bowed. Novem smiled kindly at her.<br/>
「Don’t mind it. It’s something that Lyle-sama decided. Besides, it became a good experience for us too.」<br/>
The problem between territories, and the battle against the orc subspecies inside the forest. Novem thought that the request this time was a great boon for them too.<br/>
(Yes. Besides, Lyle-sama managed to use Basil-sama’s Art. Surely something happened. Surely Lyle-sama……)<br/>
In Novem’s thought, the event in the Bagan House this time wasn’t pointless. Far from that, she even felt thankful.<br/>
Paola began to report about the current situation.<br/>
「……Pini was forgiven. He already headed over there and returned the repaired armor and told the family of the deceased retainer of his last moment. It was also proven that it was Pini who informed of the location of the corpse. Because of that too, Pini was forgiven. I’m really glad.」<br/>
Paola’s expression was really relieved. It was as though she was more worried for Pini rather than Zappa.<br/>
Pini……he was threatened by Zappa and brought back the corpse to the Bagan House’s territory. But, after that he sent a letter to the Maini House and notified them where the corpse was.<br/>
When he was told by Zappa to sell the armor, he also repaired it instead with the intention to return it to the Maini House later. In fact, he brought back the armor secretly from Zappa. In the first place something like a broken armor didn’t really have a value to be sold. However, Zappa apparently wanted to obtain weapons by selling anything that could be sold.<br/>
The courage that he showed at the orc subjugation and his manner of immediately heading to the Maini House despite his fatigue. In the end, based on the comprehensive evaluation, Pini was "the only one" forgiven.<br/>
Of course regarding Zappa, he wasn’t forgiven, both by the Maini House and also by the Bagan House.<br/>
「That’s great. Also, something is bothering me……was it Zappa-san’s fault that Paola-san couldn’t marry Pini-san?」<br/>
Paola’s eyes opened wide hearing Novem’s words. And then she nodded.<br/>
「Actually, Pini himself doesn’t know but, there was a talk of marriage between me and Pini three years ago. Pini can read, write, and also count. Father and the previous lord liked him. They said that Pini will be alright as my husband. Perhaps, Zappa heard about that and he got impatient. He might be thinking that he would be able to marry me if he raised achievements……he really did something stupid. That’s why I hate him. He always runs wild, selfish……because of Zappa’s fault too, father was……」<br/>
Looking at Paola crying, Novem muttered 「Is that so」. What was necessary for a higher-up was managing ability. Paola’s house served as the village’s peacemaker. Because of that, it wasn’t fighting ability that was prioritized. The ability to read, write, count……people who could do such work was more appreciated.<br/>
Zappa misunderstood everything from the beginning. That was why, three years ago he willfully rushed by himself and did something stupid. He was an ignorant neighborhood bully.<br/>
(……He is completely different from Lyle-sama.)<br/>
Even though the two were similarly ignorant of the world, Lyle was trying to learn. He kept worrying all the time, and then walked forward with his own strength. That──was something Novem felt proudly about.<br/>
Paola lifted her face.<br/>
「……But, with this the talk can finally progress. There is no other candidate, and also no one getting in the way. I finally can be together with Pini. Thank you very much.」<br/>
Looking at Paola’s delighted face made Novem’s heart felt slightly hurt. That might be jealousy towards Paola.<br/>
「……That’s really great, Paola-san.」<br/>
Paola said her thanks to the smiling Novem. Novem felt slightly envious at such Paola. Because she was able to be together with the person she loved──<br/>
.<br/>
After returning to the village, at the morning of the day when the discussion would be held.<br/>
I stood up inside the hut and stretched. And then, looking at the light shining in from the small window, I smiled.<br/>
My upper body was naked. The fatigue and various pains and agony that I felt until yesterday was gone, right now it feels like I have been reborn.<br/>
And then I understood. That *sparkle sparkle* sensation when I opened my eyes. Yes, this is exactly "Growth".<br/>
「What a refreshing morning. I feel like I have been reborn……so this is Growth.」<br/>
I spread my arms and looked up to the ceiling.<br/>
It’s like the scenery I saw until yesterday looked like a different thing. Everything is……looking like they are blessing my reborn self.<br/>
「I feel it. I’m feeling it……the swelling up mana. And then this perfected body of mine! Aa, even so……I’m amazing.」<br/>
Myself that was hesitant and irresolute until now feels stupid. There is no need to worry about anything. Right now I can do anything. Yes……I have been reborn.<br/>
I spread out my arms and stand on one foot while rotating and hugging myself.<br/>
「Amazing. Right now I can even fly in the sky! No, as expected I cannot fly in the sky huh? But, my feeling is always like flying in the sky! My heart is FREEDOOOMMM!!」<br/>
And then I stood on both feet and lifted both my hands with a yell.<br/>
「This is Growth! This is the new me! There is nothing to be scared about anymore. I am……I am REBORNNNNNNNNN!! Congratulations, me! Thank you, me! You are really cool, me! I love you, me!」<br/>
And then I laugh loudly. During that time voices came from inside the Jewel.<br/>
"What’s with this guy!?"<br/>
"E, even for me this is the first time I saw an "after Growth" of this level……ku, kukuh."<br/>
"A prodigy……you are the first prodigy ever since the Walt House was founded, Lyle!"<br/>
"Should I say that it’s not just for show that you were once called a genius? However this is……pufuh."<br/>
"……Lyle, amazing."<br/>
"Oh dear, to think that Lyle is an outstanding talent of this degree. I was worried that he was in a poor state for really long but……"<br/>
"He might be the greatest even throughout history. Of course, it’s in the field of making people laugh that is……buhahaha!!"<br/>
Hm~m, apparently the ancestors are also rejoicing in my Growth. They are holding back their laughs. No, some of them are laughing hard. Like the First who is hitting the round table *bam bam* loudly.<br/>
When I noticed, the door of the hut where I’m laughing loudly opened. Novem was stiffening there. Furthermore, behind her is Aria-san holding a bucket that is filled with water.<br/>
Sophia-san was also standing there.<br/>
「Everyone, what’s wrong?」<br/>
When I brushed up my beautiful blue hair and displayed my upper body in the open, Sophia-san’s face turned bright red.<br/>
「Wha, what are you doing!? Wear your clothes. Clothes!」<br/>
「You’re stupid aren’t you, Sophia.」<br/>
「No, no honorific!? No, I don’t mind that but why so suddenly……」<br/>
I smiled at Sophia who is bright red.<br/>
「Between us, something like clothes are just a bother right?」<br/>
Then Sophia ran away from the hut. Aria spilled a bit of water from the bucket while entering the hut.<br/>
「Wait, just now what do you──」<br/>
「Aria……you’re beautiful today too. Yes, I’m glad to be together with you since that fateful meeting until today.」<br/>
Aria let go of the bucket and water was spilled to the surroundings. Her mouth is opening and closing with a flustered look, then she get out of the hut with an unsteady gait.<br/>
「Hm? I tried to praise her but was it no good? Oops, Novem……I love you. So much that I want to embrace you.」<br/>
The First yelled inside the Jewel that fell silent.<br/>
"This guy, he damn said it! Even though he was so cowardly like that, he damn said it after the Growth."<br/>
The Fourth is finding fault in me.<br/>
"Making a pass at the three of them simultaneously is just not done though. However, those were really amazingly straight pick-up lines."<br/>
However, Novem cleared her throat and smiled, then she said to me.<br/>
「I’ll pretend to not hear those words just now, Lyle-sama. Also……」<br/>
「What’s wrong? Aah, wait, I get it. You fell in love with me all over again huh.」<br/>
Novem back stepped when I winked and put my hand on my waist. She then closed the hut’s door hard. Perhaps she brought wooden boards or something, because the next moment I heard the sound of nails getting knocked, blocking the door.<br/>
It was extremely fast.<br/>
The Third was taken aback.<br/>
"Ah, Lyle got locked inside."<br/>
Dear god. To think that Novem’s desire to monopolize me is this strong. Furthermore, she also circled to the window and hurriedly blocked it.<br/>
I can hear Novem’s voice from the other side of the wall.<br/>
「……I’m sorry. But, this is also for Lyle-sama’s sake. I will forget about today, so please don’t let it weigh on your mind.」<br/>
I yelled at such Novem.<br/>
「What!? You want me to retake it? Novem, which part of my confession is it that you didn’t like!? Or perhaps you are telling me to whisper my love to you every day!? Got it. From now on I’ll whisper it to you every day!」<br/>
The Second was laughing.<br/>
"It’s amazing he can be this positive. He is like a completely different person."<br/>
With a serious voice the Third,<br/>
"Like this, perhaps we should call him as Lyle-san……no, "Mr. Lyle". However, to think that Lyle is an existence this great……kuh, kukuh, kuhahahah──!!"<br/>
I could feel from the Jewel that the Third was laughing and rolling around.<br/>
I can feel that Novem is feeling awfully tormented. Surely she is moved by the confession of love from me. No doubt about it.<br/>
「……Lyle-sama, I’m sorry. I’m so……!」<br/>
Novem ran away while crying. At the end it felt like she was laughing, but surely it was from happiness.<br/>
I made a pose inside the hut while saying.<br/>
「None of them are honest. But, they’re cute like that.」<br/>
The guffawing voice of the ancestors from inside the Jewel could be heard.<br/>
.<br/>
「STOP IT ALREADYYYYYY!!」<br/>
Inside the Jewel. In the room of the round table.<br/>
I’m crouching on the floor while holding my head──no, blocking my ears. Around me the ancestors were grinning while repeating and muttering my speech and actions from morning until afternoon.<br/>
"A refreshing morning. But, the weather was cloudy today wasn’t it?"<br/>
"I can even fly in the sky, that one was interesting."<br/>
"Between us clothes are just a hindrance right, that was amazing. At that time I was amazed he could say that."<br/>
"I’ll whisper my love to you everyday……you’re going to really do it right? I really want to see that~"<br/>
"The retake line was simply funny for me."<br/>
"Fall in love all over again, that part was also good."<br/>
"……My heart is freedom……-!"<br/>
I glared at the Seventh who was shaking while holding his stomach.<br/>
「You all, you said that even though you already knew! M, me at that time……why did I act and speak like that……GODDAMMITTTTT!!」<br/>
I hit my head on the floor many times to erase the mortifying memory. But, I hate my brain that is remembering it so vividly.<br/>
I heard that Growth would make the person’s feelings to be uplifted but, I never even thought that it would be like that. Should I call it a feeling of omnipotence, that feeling was terrifying in another meaning.<br/>
The Third was laughing while approaching me.<br/>
"Haha~, but it was really amazing you know, Lyle. Certainly that state……let’s call it Mr. Lyle state. That was also amazing but, Lyle’s Growth was just as amazing as that."<br/>
I wasn’t happy at all even if I was told that.<br/>
I kept hanging my head down while lending my ear to the Second’s talk.<br/>
"The amount of mana your body can hold  has also increased drastically. Besides, try looking at the ceiling."<br/>
When I slowly lifted my face and looked at the ceiling, there were a total of twenty two gems embedded in a radiating shape centered around a large jewel. And then, there are eight gems shining.<br/>
In one place, the three gems lining up are all shining. Surely it’s meaning was that I have learned all of the First’s Arts.<br/>
The Third placed his hand on my shoulder.<br/>
"You already know the name of your own Art, don’t you?"<br/>
This morning, when I was in that excited state, I understood what was the use of my Art. The name also flashed in my mind.<br/>
「It came to my mind but……but, how should I say it, at that time it wasn’t the time for it.」<br/>
The Third clapped my shoulder several times after that.<br/>
"Isn’t that right! Because, those three……their faces were bright red, it was really awkward then."<br/>
The ancestors are having fun thinking that it’s not their problem. The Fourth lightly pushed up his glasses and its lenses glinted.<br/>
"Now then, everyone……let’s enter the main topic. Lyle, look at the round table."<br/>
I’ve noticed but, I looked at the zanbatou floating inside the room. The shape is similar to the zanbatou that the First had. It was silver with blue lines on it. The length was almost as high as me, a really boorish sword was floating there.<br/>
It was floating at the First’s spot. The First is sitting on the round table, looking up at the great sword.<br/>
「Eh, the chair……」<br/>
The Fourth explained about the great sword.<br/>
"Honestly, there are many things that we don’t understand. The Seventh said that it might be the influence of the rare metal used as the Jewel’s decoration. It seems it’s reproducing the weapon that we used."<br/>
The First looked up at the great sword.<br/>
"Well, it looks even more solid and convenient than the one I used though."<br/>
The Seventh folded his arms.<br/>
"Honestly, we don’t know why it turned out like this. I was the one who requested a craftsman to work on the rare metal presented to me, but even I don’t know about the details. But, the only thing that I can say is that the rare metal reacted and it became like this."<br/>
There was no doubt that the zanbatou could be used, but it seemed no one understood how it became like this.<br/>
「Well, I’m thankful that I have many usable weapons though. In that case, the condition for the weapon to materialize is to teach the whole Art then?」<br/>
While I’m thinking that it will be convenient if there are also other weapons, everyone stood up.<br/>
The Fourth looked at me with a slightly sad expression.<br/>
"Lyle……talk with the First. We will leave our seats."<br/>
Everyone returned to their own room of memory. The First got down from the round table and looked at me.<br/>
"Yosh! Let’s go."<br/>
The First led me to his memory room. The chair had vanished, but the memory room was remaining.<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
