<br/>
Chapter 26 – Joint Investigative Team<br/>
<br/>
We undid Pini-san’s restraints and returned to the mansion with us four surrounding him.<br/>
The envoys of the Maini House had left the mansion.<br/>
They said that there was no way they could sleep in the enemy camp and rushed out of the village even though it was night. The surroundings was dark, so right now they must be camping out somewhere.<br/>
Inside the mansion Dale-san was sitting on the sofa and held his head with both his hands.<br/>
Paola-san and Zappa-san drew close to Dale-san and spoke.<br/>
「Dale, we also have to do our own investigations properly.」<br/>
Paola-san’s tone returned to her intimate tone. However, Zappa-san was desperately trying to stop any investigation.<br/>
「Those guys were lying! Dale, believe me. Send a letter to the Baron right away and declare war on the enemy. Specify the time and place. Then send Pini to give the letter. Pini is also buying the weapons right now, if we armed ourselves with that──」<br/>
Pini-san twitched and shook when his name was mentioned. It seemed that after hearing Sophia-san’s story, he understood just how dangerous it was.<br/>
I looked at Zappa-san and thought.<br/>
How could he act so haphazardly like this?<br/>
The First spoke his conclusion about Pini-san in exasperation.<br/>
"If it’s me I’ll beat up this guy when he sent out that kind of bullshit letter. I’ll gather up all the men and gang up on him."<br/>
I could imagine the First leading the savage tribe and swinging around a great sword.<br/>
The Second was in irritation. Not towards Zappa-san, but to Dale-san.<br/>
"……Misunderstanding bastards and this kind of idiot are everywhere. But, it’s this Dale’s responsibility for holding that guy in high regard. This guy is really the worst."<br/>
The Third covered up for Dale-san somewhat.<br/>
"It can’t be helped right? Deciding the station of someone because of their relationship or as compromise happens sometimes. Honestly, he is just a decoration feudal lord isn’t he? My impression is that the villager’s ideals are pushed on him. Even though it would be good for him if he had more reliable higher-ups around him."<br/>
The Third said that the current Dale-san was just a decoration. A feudal lord who had the ideals of his people pushed on him……I don’t know whether that’s a good thing or a bad thing. But, at the present condition it is heading towards a really bad direction.<br/>
The Fourth easily said.<br/>
"Well, it doesn’t matter what kind of governing a feudal lord carries out, but when the situation is cornered into a checkmate like this, it’s the responsibility of the feudal lord. After all even if it’s the fault of his surroundings, it’s the feudal lord who has to take responsibility. My condolences."<br/>
Certainly when thinking that this matter couldn’t be prevented before it happened, it might be Dale-san’s responsibility. He trusted Zappa-san too much.<br/>
Novem looked around inside the mansion. It seemed there was something slightly bothering her. She took a slight distance away from Dale-san and the others who prioritized their own talk rather than us who returned here, and talked to me with a small voice.<br/>
「This mansion, it is cleaned, but not that thoroughly.」<br/>
Then Aria-san looked at Novem and her face turned stiff.<br/>
「Somehow, that sounds like what a scary mother-in-law would say.」<br/>
Sophia-san explained to Aria-san who said Novem was like a mother-in-law.<br/>
「Certainly that’s so but, it’s a matter that is just that important. Depending on the people they might look down on the master of this mansion after all.」<br/>
Novem continued Sophia-san’s words.<br/>
「I heard that the servants here were dismissed. He must be reluctant to live like a noble. Besides, I also heard that the tax was greatly reduced……perhaps he couldn’t hire help because of little income.」<br/>
Pini-san looked down.<br/>
「That’s right. Also, the funds for doing maintenance on the village isn’t enough, so right now many places are being neglected. The number of people complaining that the maintenance before this was more proper is also increasing……」<br/>
The Fifth spoke with a low voice. He was angry, perhaps he was still dejected by the matter of the horned rabbit today.<br/>
"……People will still complain no matter what he does though."<br/>
The Fourth explained to me.<br/>
"Lyle, fundamentally the feudal lord can use the gathered tax freely. They can, but! ……The maintenance expense of the village is taken from there. Various things will need to be repaired. Furthermore money to expand the farm, maintenance of roads, and so on will  be taken out from there too. If the tax is reduced, naturally the funds for all those things will also decrease. Balance is important in everything."<br/>
The Third laughed.<br/>
"Well, there are also feudal lords that don’t do such things and keep all the money in their pockets, and only forcefully make their people work though! Now then……how about we open the eyes of this dumbass."<br/>
The tone of the Third was calm at the latter half. It was slightly scary.<br/>
I called out to Dale-san.<br/>
「Dale-san, we heard everything about the circumstance from Pini-san. Apparently the killer was a monster.」<br/>
Dale-san looked at us and made a face that said he knows that already. On the other hand Zappa-san looked slightly flustered. He is glaring at Pini-san, but Sophia-san stood in between to block that gaze.<br/>
Pini-san clenched his fist and yelled while looking down.<br/>
「Certainly it was a monster that killed the retainer of the Maini House! It was an orc! A monster that we had never seen until now! Bu, but……」<br/>
Zappa-san tried to grab at Pini-san, but I held him down. Even so Zappa-san tried to push me aside, so I tripped him down. Zappa-san yelled at Pini-san even while falling.<br/>
「Pini, stop!」<br/>
「……It was us who stripped down the armor and valuables before carrying the corpse to the territory of the Bagan House. Me and Zappa!」<br/>
Dale-san and Paola-san were dumbfounded hearing Pini-san’s yell. Dale-san stood up from the sofa and stared at Zappa-san.<br/>
「……What does that mean, Zappa.」<br/>
「N, no! It’s not me! It was Pini who suggested that! I stopped him but, this guy──」<br/>
Zelphy-san who is inside the room looked at me and frowned. Her expression seemed to say that I’m doing something unnecessary. I’m also feeling bad but, the ancestors are showing motivation. Surely they will become noisy if I don’t interfere with this case.<br/>
「……Apparently they were preparing for war. They planned to sell the armor and valuables and buy weapons for themselves, right?」<br/>
Zappa-san who was on the ground glared at me.<br/>
「Outsiders like you don’t have any right to complain at what we’re doing! Dale, who do you believe, this kind of bastard or me!? We have been together all this time in this village ain’t we!?」<br/>
Paola-san was looking at Pini-san. And then she spoke to the astonished Dale-san.<br/>
「……Dale, Pini isn’t lying. Besides, he is always pushed around by Zappa, there is no way he would tell Zappa to do such thing.」<br/>
Paola-san finished speaking in one breath and looked down. She looked at Zappa-san and grimaced.<br/>
「Dale, let’s apologize. We are in the wrong.」<br/>
Dale-san also crestfallenly hung his head down. He pressed his face with his left hand while squeezing out his voice with trembling lips.<br/>
「……I’ll go to the Maini House the first thing tomorrow morning. I don’t know if they will forgive us if I apologize but, I’ll do everything I can so that no one will be harmed no matter what.」<br/>
It seemed he was thinking about his people until the end. I honestly respected him, but apparently such thing was inconsequential from the view of the ancestors.<br/>
The Sixth spoke while looking at the tragic look of Dale-san.<br/>
"Now then, we have told him the situation so let’s move to the next step, Lyle. We have poked our nose into this kind of troublesome situation of another house. We’ve gotta receive the proper reward!"<br/>
The Sixth was enjoying this. The Seventh was indifferent.<br/>
"War won’t happen if it can be forgiven just by apologizing."<br/>
I explained the current situation to Dale-san just like what the ancestors arranged with me.<br/>
「The problem won’t be settled with just your apology. The other side might be thinking that it’s also the Bagan House that killed their retainer. Will you pay the compensation obediently, or will you get attacked and pillaged……even your caregiver, Baron Ventra might also give up on you if he knows of this and won’t send reinforcements here.」<br/>
In reality I don’t know at all how the situation will develop from now. I am simply fanning up his anxiety.<br/>
Dale-san’s face turned pale.<br/>
「Bu, but, it was a monster that killed──」<br/>
「They might say that your people intentionally led the monster there. After all, the other side is really pissed off right now, so whether they will listen to your explanation or not……」<br/>
I lifted my right hand in front of the anxious surrounding. I narrated the unpleasant future while also making gestures.<br/>
「The reparation money is a thousand gold coin is it? In case you are paying it, where is it possible to borrow that much money? Ah, it’s impossible I guess. Dale-san, you don’t associate with the other feudal lords. You won’t be able to borrow money from them. In that case, you will have to pay in installments. Surely you will be charged with interest then. In order to pay that, you will have to raise the tax of this village no matter how reluctantly. 70%……no, it might be 80%! You won’t be able to pay without raising the tax by that much.」<br/>
Dale-san’s eyes opened wide. Paola-san was the same.<br/>
「No way I can do that! What do you think will happen to the elderly and children in that case!」<br/>
Those in the prime of their life would be fine. Without them this village wouldn’t be able to obtain harvest or the like. But, as for the elderly and children who are in weak positions……it would be the weak people who would become sacrifices first.<br/>
「We won’t be able to live if we are levied with tax that high! Even if we can pay the compensation, the village will……」<br/>
I continued further.<br/>
「Then will you fight? The opponent will be fully armed fifty soldiers……no, the location is near so they might mobilize 150 people to attack this village. That will become a tragedy don’t you think so? The crops in the field and the valuable things would be stolen, and the women will be──」<br/>
When I spoke until that far, Dale-san grabbed my collar and pulled up. His eyes are scary.<br/>
「……You’re going to punch me? Will the problem be solved with that? I’ll tell you this, the responsibility for this problem lies with you. There are matters that you have to prioritize rather than the farm work. Because you could not understand that, that this situation has reached to this point. You who have no means to deal with this situation are disqualified as a feudal lord.」<br/>
Dale-san gritted his teeth.<br/>
「Perhaps that’s true. But! ……You who don’t know anything understand nothing. I saw my father and big brother going to the house of the surrounding feudal lords to drink bringing gifts all the time. They raised the tax and got into fierce argument with Paola’s father many times. In the end they participated in war and died……dragging Paola’s father with them! They caused everyone to go through hardships.」<br/>
Dale-san looked at my hand. His voice was slightly shaking.<br/>
「Your hand is a hand that never did farm work. A hand that is used to holding a weapon……surely your family is a rich one. Then surely you cannot understand. My feelings from watching my father and big brother playing around while the villagers were suffering……. I, didn’t want to become something like a feudal lord! Everyone around me told me! They cannot live if the tax isn’t lowered more! They complained to me, that my father is like this, my big brother is like that! Even though I could not do anything, the dissatisfaction to those two always came to me……even when I became a feudal lord, everyone came complaining to me. I did as they asked! And yet……and yet!」<br/>
Dale-san let go of me and slowly collapsed to sit on the floor. Surely this person had forced himself until this point. When I thought that, somehow it felt like myself who was provoking him was pathetic.<br/>
It seemed the First was a bit sympathetic.<br/>
"……What, pathetic. Even though it would be fine if you dealt with those guys a bit more firmly."<br/>
The Second’s words were a little harsh. But his tone was gentler by some degree compared to before.<br/>
"It became like this because you were only currying favor with your surroundings."<br/>
The Third also spoke with a slightly kinder voice.<br/>
"Well, Dale-kun too is someone on the side that was unable to choose their position. Now then, Lyle……how about we kindly lend a hand to such Dale-kun."<br/>
The ancestors who were able to sympathize with Dale-san’s position were the First until the Fourth. In their era, even the Walt House was still a small feudal lord house. Because the Walt House had climbed until the position of being able to act as a caregiver starting from the era of the Fifth, the ancestors starting from that era had a different way of thinking. Because of that they didn’t have any kind words for Dale-san. But, it seemed they were sympathizing at least.<br/>
The Seventh murmured.<br/>
"It’s only a village this size, I wish he can rule it without any problem."<br/>
The Fourth could understand the position of both sides so he gave a follow up.<br/>
"If it’s small then it will also have its own share of hardships though."<br/>
I spoke to Dale-san.<br/>
「……Do you want to somehow get out from this situation? If you make a request to me, I’ll do something about this hopeless situation.」<br/>
Dale-san and the others looked at my face.<br/>
I could hear the voices of Novem and the others from behind.<br/>
「The back of Lyle-sama when he is like this……is really dreamy.」<br/>
Zelphy-san spoke in exasperation.<br/>
「Even though it would be great if he could be this bold and quick-witted all the time.」<br/>
Aria-san was a bit excited.<br/>
「So, somehow he seems different from usual but, perhaps this Lyle is also nice!」<br/>
Sophia-san was slightly doubting me.<br/>
「However, how will he solve this situation……. There is no way the Maini House will forgive them that easily.」<br/>
Dale-san looked up at me while slowly standing up.<br/>
「Come to think of it, the letter from the Baron said that you can be relied on……besides, the negotiation with the Maini House too……do you have some kind of connection?」<br/>
I declared decisively.<br/>
「Connection? There isn’t really any need to rely on such thing you know? No, I’ll use Sophia-san’s connection to meet with Medard-san and give him a proposal though.」<br/>
Everyone was lending their ears to me. I’m nervous. I’m as nervous as before when I acted as an idiot noble son in front of a lot of people.<br/>
The ancestors were calling out to me who was like that.<br/>
"Pull yourself together Lyle! You are my descendant after all."<br/>
I felt like laughing for a bit hearing the First’s words. Thinking how he told me "I absolutely won’t recognize you" before, surely this is big progress.<br/>
Even so, the First who hated me the most at first felt like the one who recognized me the most right now.<br/>
The Sixth was laughing.<br/>
"Lyle, don’t let the other party sense your uneasiness. If you act confidently then the other side will also believe you! No worries, they are an easier opponent compared to Ventra."<br/>
Certainly, if it was a negotiation then it would be easier compared to when facing Ventra-san.<br/>
「We are going to check the crime scene with both houses present.」<br/>
Everyone waited for the continuation of my words. However, I wordlessly folded my arms.<br/>
Aria-san was the first one to speak.<br/>
「Eh? That’s it?」<br/>
I acted as though I’ve been waiting for her to say that and,<br/>
「The situation will move just from that. What, don’t worry. Please trust me. After all, this kind of situation is my specialty. I descend from a Count house──the feudal lord noble Walt House. Its long history that surpasses 200 years isn’t just for show.」<br/>
Pini-san was shocked.<br/>
「Co, count-sama!?」<br/>
No, my father is the Count, and I’m just someone who got driven out but……well, let’s not say that for now. The others were also surprised. For them the position of Count was like an existence that was above the clouds.<br/>
「Dale-san, did orcs ever appear in the past around this area?」<br/>
Dale-san put his hand on his chin while thinking, then he shook his head.<br/>
「I’ve never heard about anything like that since I was born.」<br/>
The Second spoke enviously hearing that.<br/>
"How nice. In my era something like an orc was in the cute category."<br/>
What a cruel land. Well, it should be easily guessed by the time a dragon appeared there.<br/>
「The soldiers of the Baron house came and periodically killed the monsters isn’t it? Certainly the possibility that the orc wandered here from somewhere cannot be denied. But……isn’t there one more possibility?」<br/>
Zelphy-san immediately noticed.<br/>
「A dungeon. Certainly that’s possible. This area is periodically cleaned from monsters, and the public order around Dalien is good. The surrounding territories are also proactively subjugating monsters so……the possibility the monster came from a dungeon rather than wandering from somewhere else is higher.」<br/>
Dale-san was surprised hearing that.<br/>
Yes……the reason why the ancestors showed motivation was because of a dungeon. There was a possibility that a dungeon appeared nearby. We planned to obtain a reward for solving the problem this time in the form of the subjugation right of that dungeon.<br/>
「In case there is a dungeon, there won’t be any time for having this kind of dispute isn’t it? Besides, monsters will come out from the dungeon and go feral. At this rate it will be extremely dangerous. Whether for the Bagan House or the Maini House.」<br/>
Dale-san nodded.<br/>
「Ce, certainly that’s true. It’s impossible for us to do something like subjugating a dungeon. The Maini House is also the same. If there is a dungeon that appeared somewhere in that forest……we will really need the assistance of the Baron.」<br/>
The Sixth spoke loudly.<br/>
"You idioot! Lyle won’t be able to challenge the dungeon in that case! If it’s a dungeon that has an orc then Lyle will be able to obtain a moderate amount of experience! No way we’ll let others steal it!"<br/>
The Fourth was also of the same opinion……not.<br/>
"The treasure inside the dungeon belongs to Lyle! We want to replenish the funds for the future activities here, no way we can leave this to other people!"<br/>
I cleared my throat and speak to Dale-san.<br/>
「Now then, it’s a request so I will receive a reward. However, it doesn’t look like this village will be able to give a satisfactory reward.」<br/>
Everyone here made anxious faces. Then, Paola-san raised her hand. She had a serious expression and her left hand was gripping her skirt. Her face was slightly red.<br/>
「M, my bod──」<br/>
When she talked till that point, the ancestors inside the Jewel spoke in turn.<br/>
"Don’t let her say it!"<br/>
"Yeah, that’s a bit troubling!"<br/>
"That kind of dedication is not needed! Because……it will trouble Lyle!"<br/>
"Treasure yourself more!"<br/>
"That’s not what we want!"<br/>
"H~m, the hurdle is high for Lyle I guess."<br/>
"It’s really high. Well, this time also, what we want this time is something different anyways."<br/>
I hurriedly spread open my right hand and pushed it out towards Paola-san. Paola-san seemed to guess what I wanted to say and stopped her words in the middle. Was it alright like this? Well, I don’t know what she was going to say but, the opinion of the ancestors matched completely so it must be alright like this.<br/>
「And there! ……Dale-san, if there is a dungeon in the territory of the Bagan House, will you hand over the rights for its subjugation to me? I wish to be allowed the first turn for the dungeon.」<br/>
For the current me it’s hard to enter the dungeon in Dalien. However, if it’s at this territory it’s possible if I have the permission from Dale-san.<br/>
In case the dungeon is located in the Maini House’s territory, I just need to negotiate to receive permission from them too.<br/>
Zelphy-san’s reaction to my action was──<br/>
「Wa, wait! I cannot allow something like that!」<br/>
But, Dale-san thought for a bit before nodding.<br/>
「If you can do something about this situation with that, then I’ll permit it.」<br/>
I don’t want Zelphy-san to hinder this, so I turned a smiling face to Dale-san.<br/>
「Thank you very much. Let’s put the agreement in document later and sign it.」<br/>
Zelphy-san grabbed my shoulder.<br/>
「Oi! I won’t approve that. I absolutely won’t approve something dangerous like that you hear me!」<br/>
The inside of the mansion became noisy.<br/>
Only one person, Zappa-san was sitting down and hanging his head. He was muttering something in a low voice, but no one would listen to him.<br/>
.<br/>
The next day.<br/>
We immediately headed to the Maini House and met with Medard-san.<br/>
We only brought Pini-san with us. Zappa-san kept saying that he didn’t do any wrong and so on and struggled violently, so we didn’t bring him.<br/>
Medard-san listened to the sequence of events and felt enraged. His face was bright red and he folded his arms.<br/>
「……You are bringing him means that it’s fine for us to judge this person then?」<br/>
He said to me to hand Pini-san over right away. He looked like he would execute Pini-san right away publicly in the center of the village if I handed him over.<br/>
「Well, you will have to decide that in your talk with Dale-san. Also, why won’t we check the crime scene with both houses present? It’s important to confirm the situation properly.」<br/>
Medard-san turned his gaze to Pini-san.<br/>
「With the situation like this, there is a possibility that the story about the orc is also a lie. Certainly if there is a dungeon nearby it will be dangerous but……are you telling me to believe this person’s excuse?」<br/>
Medard-san doubted the story about the orc. I turned a smile to him.<br/>
「But, what will you do in case that is the truth? It’s necessary to ascertain it. If there is no dungeon than that’s it. The Bagan House will also mobilize in order to enter their territory and investigate the area. If the Bagan House leaves this alone then it will be a disaster.」<br/>
It was said that treasure was placed inside a dungeon in order to lure people inside. But, a dungeon that appeared in an unthinkable place won’t be approached by humans. If that happened, monsters will overflow inside……and eventually the dungeon will perish naturally. At the same time, a great amount of monsters would be ejected to the outside.<br/>
The number would amazingly range from a few thousand until tens of thousands even just from a small dungeon. It’s a scale that could easily destroy a small village or city.<br/>
I turned a serious face to Medard-san.<br/>
The Sixth sounded like he was having a lot of fun at this kind of time.<br/>
"You’ve got to fan up his sense of danger a lot. Something like joint investigation of the crime scene is just a front. After all it will be troublesome to search for the dungeon without representatives from both houses."<br/>
A dungeon is something troublesome for a feudal lord of a settlement or village. That was what I heard, but the perception of the Walt House seemed to be really different from that. They treated dungeons like a good luck that fell from the sky.<br/>
The Seventh also sounded delighted.<br/>
"I wonder what kind of dungeon it is. Can we put expectation in it seeing that there is an orc? I’m looking forward to it."<br/>
The Walt House’s members were having fun.<br/>
In contrast, Medard-san’s expression was in distress.<br/>
「Medard-san, a dungeon is unrelated with the Bagan House and the Maini House. It will result in great damage if monsters spread out to the surroundings. It should be investigated if there is a possibility.」<br/>
Medard-san closed his eyes. His mind understood it, but his irritated feeling towards the Bagan House made him unable to honestly accept it.<br/>
However, this person is also a feudal lord. He opened his eyes and nodded.<br/>
「I understand. I’ll accept this suggestion. Certainly it’s dangerous to leave this alone. After all the Bagan House cannot be trusted. It will intolerable if this matter is left alone like this. ……I will promise you the rights to be the first challenger of the dungeon, but I will report this to my lord the Viscount-sama. I’ll only tell him that it’s possible there is a dungeon here.」<br/>
Ah, as I thought he doesn’t have any trust for the Bagan House.<br/>
The Second was vexed.<br/>
"Shit-! Now that it’s like this we’re going to quickly find it and enter immediately. There is the possibility that the Viscount house will also send their men here to investigate."<br/>
Well, I cannot tell him to not inform the Viscount here, so I nodded.<br/>
「Luckily, searching is my strong point. I think I will be useful for this.」<br/>
I intentionally lifted up the Jewel’s chain and shook the blue Jewel in display.<br/>
Medard-san was a bit surprised.<br/>
「You are using a really old-fashioned thing. But, that will be helpful. In case we find a dungeon, other than the rights to be the first to enter, I will also give you another reward.」<br/>
Medard-san said that Jewel──the Gem is old-fashioned. Certainly, right now its position was stolen by magic tools. Coupled with its difficulty of use, the Gem became out of date. The number of people using it is few because of that.<br/>
「However, is this Lyle-dono’s true personality? When you came here before you looked like you didn’t have any interest in this matter.」<br/>
There is a dungeon here so the ancestors are showing motivation. Though he wouldn’t understand it even if I told him that. I turned my gaze to Sophia-san nearby.<br/>
She was about to drink the prepared tea, but her hand stopped and she looked at me.<br/>
「Wha, what is it?」<br/>
「Actually I got scolded by Sophia-san. So I’m trying to change my attitude slightly……」<br/>
It’s the truth so I said that, but a laughing voice came from inside the Jewel.<br/>
The Third sounded delighted.<br/>
"Lyle, you can also make a joke can’t you?"<br/>
Sophia-san’s face turned bright red and she tried to say something to me, but Medard-san laughed at that timing. He slapped his knee and then he smiled for the first time since we came here.<br/>
「I see. However, as expected from the daughter of the Rowley House. She is really prim and proper.」<br/>
Medard-san said that and looked at Sophia-san, who he knew since the past, with a complicated expression. She was raised well. A prim and proper person. ──While he was happy with her growth, he looked sad somewhere. It must be because she is an adventurer now. In Bahnseim, a noble becoming an adventurer wasn’t seen in a favorable light.<br/>
「E, even Medard-sama! Lyle-dono, just so you know that before this wasn’t a scolding!」<br/>
I tilted my head looking at the flustered Sophia-san.<br/>
「Eh, but……」<br/>
「No buts! Listen carefully, saying that kind of joke in a situation like this is improper.」<br/>
<br/>
The atmosphere of the place was softening so Pini-san seemed to be a bit relieved.<br/>
The ancestors are having fun with the end of the negotiation. They are talking lively inside the Jewel.<br/>
"So it’s finally a dungeon!"<br/>
"No, before that we should check the crime scene just in case."<br/>
"That’s troublesome. How about making Lyle searching the dungeon alone?"<br/>
"I wonder what kind of treasure there will be. It will be great if it’s a rare metal or money."<br/>
"The main object is for Lyle to earn experience right? ……It will be nice if there is no cute monsters there."<br/>
"I wish there will be something like a dragon at the deepest room!"<br/>
"No, that will be hard with the current lineup. But……that’ll be the romance if it’s like that."<br/>
When we were going to return after finishing the talk, Medard-san called me to stop. We talked with only the two of us.<br/>
「Lyle-dono.」<br/>
「Yes?」<br/>
「……Young miss Sophia is a slightly pitiful girl. I couldn’t say anything because she is a daughter of another house but, she was raised really strictly. She will say those kinds of harsh words but, please don’t abandon her even then.」<br/>
Medard Maini……from a glance his appearance looked like a corrupt feudal lord, but he was really worrying about Sophia. I thought that perhaps this is why Sophia-san sided with Medard-san so much like that. At the same time, I saw a bit of myself in her.<br/>
When I left my house, I was saved by Zel-jiisan──besides, right now I also have Novem. Aria-san, Sophia-san, Zelphy-san……at Dalien there was Hawkins-san, Rondo-san’s party……I was able to get to know various people.<br/>
「Don’t worry. Because we have gotten along really well.」<br/>
When I said that, Medard-san smiled in relieve.<br/>
「I see. That’s good. It looks like young miss Sophia was able to find a good match.」<br/>
……Hm? Something seems wrong?<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
