<br/>
Chapter 28 – Yell The Name<br/>
<br/>
──Novem and the others advanced while being protected by the mountain trail.<br/>
Zappa was in the lead, with Dale and Paola walking behind him. They advanced through the steep mountain trail while Medard and his soldiers were sweeping away the surrounding grass and hindering tree branches to make it easier to walk through.<br/>
Medard was accompanying Novem.<br/>
He was going to teach Novem, who should be unfamiliar with walking inside a forest, where she should step. But, Novem was walking without any problem whatsoever. Her breathing also did not look winded.<br/>
「Your legs and waist are really strong. You have experience walking inside a forest?」<br/>
Medard was surprised at Novem’s ability as a good walker which was in contrast with her lovely appearance. It seemed he was curious at how she was able to keep up with them, the local people who were used to walking in the forest.<br/>
Novem didn’t change her expression.<br/>
「A bit, in the past.」<br/>
Medard was thinking of telling someone to carry Novem on their back, but he was relieved because it seemed that was unnecessary. Right now they had to hurry to get out of the forest as fast as possible.<br/>
(However, the area around here too has really changed……well of course, it’s already twelve years, so it can’t be helped.)<br/>
Medard recalled the last time he entered the territory of the Bagan House. It was when he was still a young child who didn’t know better.<br/>
Even at that time there were many disputes between the Maini House and the Bagan House. There was a river so it was considered as the boundary of their territories, but there was no monitoring gaze inside the forest. The populace of both houses crossed the river and trespassed in each other’s territory in retaliation to the other repeatedly.<br/>
(I trespassed here for retaliation while also defeating monsters. Doing that made me feel strong.)<br/>
Medard knocked down an approaching monster──a large moth, with his hatchet. Monsters were frequently gathering towards them since some time ago.<br/>
「Why are there this many monsters? Until now something like this has never──」<br/>
When Zappa who was walking ahead said that, Dale knocked down a moth with the sword he carried. There was no time to gather the magic stones or materials, so they left the corpses behind.<br/>
Novem looked back.<br/>
「Lyle-sama──」<br/>
Medard felt complicated seeing her expression.<br/>
When Lyle came to the Maini House’s mansion, he brought Zelphy and Sophia with him. The next time was also the same. From Medard’s point of view, it looked like Sophia was opening her heart to Lyle. That was why he thought the two of them were lovers.<br/>
(Good gracious, young miss Sophia too, she approached a preposterous man.)<br/>
If Lyle was simply bringing along beautiful girls around him, then he would just be a trifling man. But, right now he was facing off against a fiendish monster and immediately offered a method to win. His comrades──including Sophia, chose to fight together with him.<br/>
(I heard that the Walt House──disinherited its oldest son, but why was he disinherited? Was it because of his bad philandering habit?)<br/>
Medard who had received a report about Lyle recalled when he visited the mansion. He was a young man who seemed unreliable, but he didn’t look like a bad person.<br/>
He felt puzzled at the matter of disinheritance, but right now the priority was to get out of the forest.<br/>
「A, a bit more. If we pass through here──」<br/>
Zappa who was walking at the lead advanced through a much steeper spot. Before long, they passed through the forest and the outside came into view──<br/>
.<br/>
Orc subspecies.<br/>
Aria-san was facing off against it. She held her spear and dodged the great sword while launching attacks at the opponent. Speed increase. Hers was an Art that was similar to the Fourth’s, but it was a type with more explosive power. She was moving quickly around the orc, evading the great sword and thrusting with her spear.<br/>
The spear had a better quality than a soldiers’ spear, so it didn’t break from attacking. Even so, the spear didn’t pierce through.<br/>
「This guy is hard!」<br/>
I made Pini-san go on ahead and told Zelphy-san and Sophia-san to standby at the next luring checkpoint. We are fighting by taking turns with rests in between, and then luring this orc until outside the forest. That’s all we have to do, but this is inside the forest where we aren’t used to fighting.<br/>
In addition the enemy orc is a subspecies. It’s strong, furthermore the surrounding monsters are converging towards us.<br/>
Even now I slashed my saber at a goblin that jumped out from a bush.<br/>
「Aria-san, we are going!」<br/>
「G, got it.」<br/>
Novem and the others who had passed here first cleared up the grass and branches to make the route somewhat easier to walk through. We were retreating by going through that path.<br/>
I made Aria-san go on ahead before turning my back on the orc and ran away.<br/>
The orc swung up his great sword in a large arc towards me who turned my back to it, and then it swung down. But, with the Second’s Art, All──<br/>
I can sense the entirety of my surroundings. I moved aside without looking back, dodging the orc’s attack. The great sword stabbed the ground right beside me. The mud came flying but I paid it no mind and ran through the forest.<br/>
「Haha, if I use the First’s Limit Burst, I’ll be able to fight it a bit.」<br/>
If I use the Art that drew out my body’s ability surpassing the limit, I think it will be possible. Although, I cannot cut open the hard skin of the enemy with the saber at hand.<br/>
The First was slightly frustrated.<br/>
"Could you do it if you had a more reliable weapon?"<br/>
Surely he was recalling the great sword──the zanbatou he used in the past. Certainly, if I had that kind of weapon, it might be possible for me to fight the pursuing orc.<br/>
Like that I arrived at the place where Zelphy-san and the others were waiting. This time Zelphy-san and Sophia-san are facing off against the orc.<br/>
「This orc bastard, this time we’ll take you on!」<br/>
「If it’s the me right now──」<br/>
This time it’s our turn to confirm with Pini-san about the next location we will head to.<br/>
「Pini-san, is there a place where it’s easy to fight in the middle of heading to the next location?」<br/>
Pini-san shook his head at me.<br/>
「That’s impossible. The path from here is really steep……normally people won’t come through here.」<br/>
When I looked back while moving, Zelphy-san and Sophia-san were holding back the orc with Sophia-san as the main fighter. But, I felt pained when looking at Aria-san.<br/>
She is breathing roughly. She isn’t used to fight while using Arts, and the environment is also the worse for her. This was hard on her.<br/>
The Second is worrying about me.<br/>
"Lyle, can you still go on?"<br/>
I tightly grasped the Jewel and showed my affirmation. Certainly, it’s hard, but I can still endure. Then the Second──<br/>
"Yosh, then next time tell the three to rest. Then you will lead the orc until the location of the three after checking the path."<br/>
It seems he was worrying about the remaining members. Well, everyone is female other than Pini-san, so perhaps it’s only natural.<br/>
The Fourth was picking fault with me.<br/>
"Lyle, speak out more to them."<br/>
He told me to speak out to Aria-san. I looked at Aria-san who seemed to be in pain.<br/>
「Are you alright?」<br/>
Aria-san forced herself to smile. She is sweating a lot. Besides, perhaps because she is forcing herself hard to fight inside the forest, her appearance was ragged.<br/>
I take the leaf that was stuck in her hair.<br/>
「I’ll have the three of you rest at the next place. Aria-san please go ahead and standby there.」<br/>
「I, I can’t do that.」<br/>
The First was happy at Aria-san’s attitude. But, at the same time it was also troubling him it seemed.<br/>
"Aria-chan, you’re really a good girl. But, I don’t want her to force herself too hard."<br/>
The Second spoke with a slightly strong tone.<br/>
"Tell her that making the three of them rest is a tactic. She will be a hindrance if she fights in her state."<br/>
The Second called her a hindrance, but as expected he must be concerned for Aria-san. And, as expected, I also could not tell her the exact words that the Second used.<br/>
「I’ll ask the three of you to fight at the next place. I also want to rest, so please buy me time then.」<br/>
Aria-san thought for a bit before nodding.<br/>
.<br/>
──The four were luring the enemy while fighting.<br/>
Right now Lyle was facing against the orc by himself while the other three were resting. Sophia was sweating from her whole body. She felt her clothes sticking to her skin.<br/>
Her Art adjusted weight.<br/>
She recalled how Novem said it was a rare Art. Thanks to such an Art, she was able to change the weight of her battle axe which allowed her to freely wield it.<br/>
If she increased the weight when swinging down, the attack would be stronger than normal. But, because she wasn’t used to using the Art, the control was difficult.<br/>
「If only……I could use it more skillfully.」<br/>
At present the only weapon that could properly clash with the orc subspecies was Sophia’s battle axe. Aria who was leaning against a tree while sitting and hugging her spear, was drinking water from a flask. However, the water already ran out.<br/>
Sophia saw that and searched for her flask in order to hydrate herself too. But, she must have dropped it somewhere, because it wasn’t on her waist.<br/>
「……Haa.」<br/>
Right now Lyle was buying them time. Because of that, they could take a breather like this.<br/>
Zelphy wasn’t standing. She fought the monsters that sometimes appeared, securing their safety. She did that while throwing a flask at Sophia.<br/>
「Here, drink.」<br/>
「Eh, ah……but-」<br/>
This was Zelphy’s flask. If she drank it then Zelphy wouldn’t be able to drink. Besides, Zelphy should be even more tired than them.<br/>
Zelphy said to the worried Sophia.<br/>
「Idiot. Do you think I’ll lose in stamina against rookies like you two? I’ll have you work hard after this too. So rest your body properly. Aria, you can still go on right?」<br/>
Aria looked at Zelphy and nodded. Even her hair was wet with sweat.<br/>
Pini spoke to the three.<br/>
「Only a bit more. We can get out of the forest soon so」<br/>
Zelphy scratched her head.<br/>
「The little bit more of the local people feels quite far from the view point of an outsider though. However……that Lyle, he really can be relied on at this kind of time, huh.」<br/>
Sophia also drank water and nodded while wiping her mouth.<br/>
「You’re right. It feels like hes became another person.」<br/>
In this kind of situation, Lyle became reliable, unlike normal. It was also the same with the previous bandit group subjugation. Sophia felt from her heart that the current Lyle was reliable.<br/>
Sophia’s cheeks slightly turned red from something other than fatigue──<br/>
.<br/>
"Lyle, splash the mud there to the orc’s face. It will be easier for you if you can also crush its eyes while you’re at it."<br/>
Hearing the Third’s words, I looked at the sabers in my hands. Is he telling me to throw the weapons, scoop the mud and throw it at the enemy’s face?<br/>
The Sixth laughed at me while,<br/>
"Lyle, do it with your foot. Foot. Well, even if you crush its eyes, this guy will quickly regenerate it so the mud will be enough."<br/>
The Fifth recalled something.<br/>
"Well, there is also no way you can survive just by fighting in a nice manner. Lyle, try it. It’s practice. Practice. Ah, crush its eyes too. It’s practice after all."<br/>
The ancestors told me who is facing an orc subspecies to practice.<br/>
「You all are absolutely having fun with this!」<br/>
I who dodged the orc’s attack scooped the mud on the ground with my foot tip, and kicked up toward the orc’s face.<br/>
I aimed at the opening when the orc tried to wipe the mud stuck on its face, and slashed the area around its eyes with my saber. Blood mixed with mud flew to the surroundings, but the orc didn’t even flinch. It’s starting to regenerate right away.<br/>
The Third who saw my slash whistled.<br/>
"Nice. Your blade headed accurately to the place you targeted. Yep, as I thought Lyle has skill. Right, you have it, skill that is."<br/>
Isn’t it fine to not expressly say it in the way like skill is the only thing I have? The Second pondered for a bit while,<br/>
"What should we make him do next? Eye crushing with a throw?"<br/>
The Third snapped his fingers.<br/>
"Good one! And so, Lyle, next blind it using a throw."<br/>
「You guys are really composed! Do you think I have that kind of leeway!?」<br/>
The orc swung up its great sword, so I leaped until a distance where it wouldn’t hit. Bit by bit. It’s really only bit by bit but, the way the orc is swinging its great sword is becoming appropriate.<br/>
It’s starting to get used to the weapon.<br/>
I look at my saber. It’s a product that is only intended for several times use, but even this saber that I had only just bought was already worn out. Perhaps it’s necessary for me to buy one with better quality or changing weapons altogether.<br/>
「It’s like I’m facing against a rock.」<br/>
It feels like slashing at a moving rock. I cannot do anything with the saber I have.<br/>
I’m move to the next place while luring the orc.<br/>
I used the Art’s Map and confirmed the distance until outside. I’ve already moved through quite the distance, it won’t be far until I get out of the forest.<br/>
Novem and the others are preparing the ambush.<br/>
「This, wouldn’t it be better to choose a path that is easier to walk through?」<br/>
When I said that, the Second laughed.<br/>
"Easy to walk? Inside a forest? Even though there isn’t any maintained path or anything? It’s the same for Lyle and the others no matter where you fight. The longer the route goes on, the more you will be fatigued facing off against this opponent."<br/>
Certainly, this is harsh for my stamina and mana. Perhaps this shorter route is better.<br/>
The Third seemed to keep track of the time and informed me.<br/>
"Now then, it’s about time. Let’s move to the next place."<br/>
I who turned my back towards the orc immediately began to lure it. The orc chased my back and slashed.<br/>
I somehow manage to dodge with the Second’s Art, but my stamina and mana are nearing the limit.<br/>
I run through the path that I’ve confirmed beforehand and lead the orc even while almost stumbling sometimes.<br/>
「Aa, geez. This is pathetic somehow.」<br/>
I hate myself that is only running away.<br/>
The Third laughed.<br/>
"It’s fine. You still have a way to defeat it. Besides you know, it’s not like you’re running away. This is a luring strategy. It’s progressing well so you’re doing a good job. Look, stick to it a bit more."<br/>
My feeling became slightly comforted hearing what the Third said. Certainly, thinking of it like that feels more comfortable. Though I want a method so someday I can deal with even this kind of situation someday.<br/>
Like that, when I arrived at where the four were waiting, I run pass them and leave that place along with Pini-san.<br/>
「Please buy some time!」<br/>
Zelphy-san lifted one hand.<br/>
「Leave it to us!」<br/>
.<br/>
──Outside the forest, Novem was preparing her magic with faith that Lyle’s tactic would be successful.<br/>
She grasped her silver staff with both hands and closed her eyes.<br/>
(……It’s fine. Lyle-sama will definitely come. Besides, if those two and Zelphy-san are with him……it’s fine.)<br/>
Novem said ‘it’s fine’ repeatedly inside her heart as though to convince herself.<br/>
(Aria-san’s Art is speed increase. She won’t lose easily against that "adapting variety". Sophia-san’s Art is weight control──she can fight against that orc even from the front. Putting aside Aria-san, Sophia-san is fortunate. That person can be used.)<br/>
She understood the two’s Art and then she called the orc subspecies as an "adapting variety" inside her heart.<br/>
(Zelphy-san is experienced. She won’t lose easily. Besides, it will be troubling if they lose. In order for that……)<br/>
Novem slowly opened her eyes. She finished her preparation to fire her magic.<br/>
The people of the Bagan House and the Maini House around Novem were watching her.<br/>
「……It came.」<br/>
When Novem said that, the sound of battle could be heard near the forest’s entrance. It meant that there was a fierce battle against the orc and the people left behind were surviving it.<br/>
Dale-san yelled.<br/>
「Pini!」<br/>
The first one to get out from the forest was Pini. Novem lifted her staff and took the stance to fire magic──<br/>
.<br/>
The exit of the forest came into view.<br/>
But, we cannot just exit from the forest like this. We are surrounding the orc and facing it with four people, but this orc……it’s trying to return inside the forest.<br/>
「Don’t go back after coming this far!」<br/>
The Third was slightly surprised.<br/>
"Hee, has it noticed? Well, it might only feel something like a bad premonition."<br/>
The Second also agreed.<br/>
"Sometimes there are, isn’t it. Monsters with intelligence. There are goblins like that, so surely even orcs can be like that."<br/>
The First yelled angrily.<br/>
"There is no way these guys can think like that!"<br/>
The Fourth seemed like he wanted to say something to the First, but he stop midway and said something different.<br/>
"……Well, conversely there are also humans who aren’t using their brains at all. However, this is troubling."<br/>
The Fifth spoke with his usual emotionless voice.<br/>
"If you let it get away then all your effort until now will be for naught."<br/>
The Sixth too didn’t seem particularly bothered.<br/>
"Well, if it got away then a troublesome monster will settle down in this forest, but Medard’s lord, the Viscount will surely do something about it. Though, certainly it won’t be funny if it turns out like that."<br/>
The Seventh looked fed up.<br/>
"Muu, Lyle’s prey is……"<br/>
It will be unpleasant if we cannot defeat it after coming this far, so we surrounded it with four people to keep it from leaving.<br/>
Aria-san held her spear and then stood in the way of the path the orc was trying to escape to.<br/>
「No way I’ll let you get away after all this!」<br/>
Sophia-san slashed with her battle axe.<br/>
「Get──out there!」<br/>
The battle axe’s attack deeply cut into the orc’s arm, but it didn’t manage to sever it. The orc struggled and wildly shook off Sophia-san.<br/>
「Kyah!」<br/>
Sophia-san cutely screamed and let go of her battle axe. I caught her body.<br/>
「I, I’m sorry.」<br/>
「It’s all right. More importantly, please step back.」<br/>
The battle axe fell on the ground while the orc’s arm regenerated. The orc tried to pick it up but Zelphy-san got in its way.<br/>
「I won’t let you! You’re troublesome already with just a great sword, no way I’ll let you steal this weapon too!」<br/>
While Zelphy-san wasn’t letting the orc steal the battle axe, I decided to use my trump card here.<br/>
「……If it’s Limit Burst, then I’ll be able to force that guy outside.」<br/>
Sophia-san grabbed my hand.<br/>
「Lyle-dono, please use my weapon.」<br/>
I looked at the battle axe that fell on the ground. Certainly, if it’s with that then I’ll be able to fight the grey colored orc enough.<br/>
「I’ll borrow it.」<br/>
I stabbed my two sabers in the ground and started running while saying the Art’s name.<br/>
「Limit Burst.」<br/>
Blue pattern of light surfaced on my body. I took the fallen battle axe into my hand. My strength increased, and then the surrounding sight looked clearer.<br/>
I close the distance in one breath and swing the battle axe horizontally. The orc stopped my attack with its great sword.<br/>
「This contest of strength……is honestly hard for me.」<br/>
Even my physical strength is increasing. Even against an orc I can normally──or rather my strength surpassed it. I swing the battle axe and cut its body from its belly until its chest, dealing a large gash.<br/>
But, the wound immediately regenerated. Like that I inflict one wound after another but──<br/>
「I can’t push it back.」<br/>
──The current me didn’t have the strength to drag the orc outside.<br/>
The battle axe that I held with both hands clashed with the orc’s great sword and sparks scattered. The battle axe that is the heirloom of the Rowley House is durable as befitting a heirloom. Perhaps it’s made from rare metal.<br/>
Aria-san and Zelphy-san are blocking the escape path so the orc wouldn’t get away.<br/>
But, at this rate I’ll reach my limit for using Arts and collapse.<br/>
……I want, more strength.<br/>
I recalled the First’s memory──the memory when he defeated a land dragon. The figure of the First that was as though he was enveloped in flame looked really manly and ferocious. If I has that power──<br/>
The moment I thought that.<br/>
The pattern on my body started to shake fiercely. Something hot erupted throughout my body──I’m feeling such a sensation.<br/>
I wonder why──I felt like, I could use the First’s Art with just a bit more. The third stage.<br/>
However, I don’t know the name.<br/>
「If only I knew the name──」<br/>
I felt like I’ll be able to use it right away with just that.<br/>
.<br/>
──Inside the Jewel.<br/>
The First noticed Lyle’s unusual state.<br/>
"Lyle, you’re……going this far even without me teaching you."<br/>
The First reached the third stage when he was at his golden age, just a bit before he fought the dragon. And yet, Lyle was going to manifest it easily at an age of fifteen.<br/>
Even though he didn’t even teach him, he could feel Lyle trying to forcefully draw it out.<br/>
When the First was going to teach the name, small blue light particles gushed out from his body. The surrounding ancestors saw that sparkling light.<br/>
The Second opened his eyes wide.<br/>
"……OyajiFather"<br/>
The First watched his own hand. And then he clenched it.<br/>
"Aah, I see. So that’s how it is. Certainly. If it’s that kind of role……it’s a foregone conclusion, huh."<br/>
The First’s voice was laughing, but it sounded a bit lonely. The First scratched his hair. He slightly looked down, and then he stood up from his chair. He lifted his face and watched the scene outside that was projected in midair with a smile.<br/>
"I wanted to teach him more things though. But you know, the things that I can teach him……they can be taught by you guys too. Besides, this might be just right."<br/>
He was happy with Lyle’s growth while also wanting to watch over him even after this. But, he recalled what kind of existence he, they all were.<br/>
The Jewel recorded them as memories and resurrected them in order to teach Lyle their Arts. It wasn’t for imparting their knowledge and experience.<br/>
"……Thinking back, there is already nothing more that I can yell him about. There is also nothing that really matters that I can teach him. Good grief, I’m really pathetic."<br/>
The First watched Lyle’s figure fighting the orc and he folded his arms.<br/>
The Third spoke to the First.<br/>
"Is there something that you want us to tell him?"<br/>
The First shook his head.<br/>
"Not yet. I won’t vanish yet. I’m tenacious. That aspect of me was also praised by the missus. She said that I’m a man who won’t die even if I’m killed."<br/>
Missus──it was the woman who was the First’s wife.<br/>
The Fourth fixed the position of his glasses with his fingertip while making a small laugh.<br/>
"That’s amazing. But, I don’t know whether it’s her praising or speaking ill of you."<br/>
The First laughed. He laughed loudly.<br/>
"No mistaking it! ……That’s why, I’ll say by myself what I want to tell him. Besides, I want to at least tell that guy……tell Lyle my farewell."<br/>
Like that the First swung high both his hands and then swung them down to the round table. Everyone opened their eyes wide at the hit that felt like it shook the inside of the Jewel.<br/>
And then, the First lowered his head to the other six.<br/>
"……I’ll leave the rest to y’all. That guy, is my descendant. He’s also, a good guy. He’s my pride. He’s the proof that the bloodline of someone like me is continuing……he was also able to meet with Alice-san’s descendant. He also got some unreliable sides to him though……so help him out."<br/>
The Second clenched his fist.<br/>
"……Yo, you idiot. He is also our descendant. Of course we are going to do it. You don’t need to worry about that. That doesn’t suit you!"<br/>
The First lifted his face and laughed.<br/>
"Yeah, I’ll leave him to you. Cause, you guys will be far more reliable compared to someone like me. I’m an idiot after all. Except by begging you guys like this, there is already nothing else that I can do for Lyle’s sake."<br/>
When the First made his resolve, the round table’s chair……the First’s chair vanished. And then, a great sword appeared at the place where the First was sitting at. A zanbatou──a weapon that was similar to the weapon the First used. A silver zanbatou was floating there.<br/>
The First looked at that and smiled slightly. He looked, and understood. That it was the "weapon" that he could leave behind to Lyle.<br/>
"What. There’s something I can leave behind after all huh."<br/>
And then he faced the ceiling and yelled.<br/>
"Lyle──yell the name. My Art already belongs to you! Full Burst……that is my last Art!!"<br/>
The First’s voice reached Lyle──<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
