<br/>
Chapter 34 – The Elf Eva<br/>
<br/>
"Lyle is like that isn’t it? It’s no good to have weak defenses."<br/>
Inside the Jewel, in the room of the round table.<br/>
It’s a place where I can face the memories of the ancestors when I send my consciousness inside the Jewel. The chairs of the ancestors are placed around the round table.<br/>
Although, the chair of the First that was right in front of me had vanished. There is only a silver great sword floating at the place where the First sat in the past.<br/>
If asked what I’m doing in that kind of place, I’m being surrounded and scolded by the ancestors.<br/>
It’s not about anything like my incompetence in the dungeon subjugation.<br/>
It seems that me giving a flower to Sophia-san carelessly was no good.<br/>
The Third is picking fault in me with an exasperated gesture.<br/>
"Even though Aria-chan was watching. There are other times even if you want to give a flower. Like when there is no one else watching, or──"<br/>
I’m in the middle of getting complained at, but there is something bothering me regarding that.<br/>
「Err, more importantly about that flower, it wasn’t there when we first entered the room. It was like it grew out from the wall when I noticed……is something like that common?」<br/>
The Fourth pushed up his glasses with his index finger to fix its position. The lenses of the glasses shined eerily.<br/>
"Don’t divert from the topic. Is what I want to say but, this problem won’t be resolved just by nitpicking at you. Lyle, remember to give some kind of present to Aria and Novem-chan too during this subjugation period. Also, about the flower."<br/>
Is this problem so serious that he needs to be that highly strung?<br/>
While I’m thinking that, the Second folded his arms and said.<br/>
"I have a feeling that the flowers have some kind of meaning, but I also have the feeling that it’s pointless to be bothered by it because a dungeon is always full of mystery."<br/>
The Fifth hid his mouth with his hand while falling into thought.<br/>
"Duranta, huh. What is its meaning in the language of flowers?"<br/>
The Sixth closed his eyes and tried to remember.<br/>
"I feel like I’ve heard it from somewhere, or perhaps not……I cannot remember."<br/>
The Seventh seemed to not know from the beginning.<br/>
"Sophia seems to know, so if you’re curious how about asking her, Lyle."<br/>
That might be the fastest way.<br/>
The Second put both his hands behind his head.<br/>
"Well, that’s also curious but, right now let’s talk about the dungeon. Tomorrow Novem-chan and that big spearman will enter the dungeon. They won’t be able to move properly so there is no use in getting impatient but, there is something that really bothers me."<br/>
「Something bothering?」<br/>
The Second nodded.<br/>
"It’s about Zelphy’s betting. It’s a bet that is using you guys. That’s also concerning but, the problem is the adventurers around you. How should I say it, their quality is really low."<br/>
The Third looked at the Second.<br/>
"Yeah, I somehow understand. Somehow, it’s the atmosphere of this group you know? It’s a bit bad."<br/>
The Second nodded.<br/>
"Young adventurers who are burning with rivalry. In addition there are the adventurers with nasty qualities around you. It feels like various troubles will come at you."<br/>
It doesn’t sound like a joke when the Second said it. Although it’s not to the degree of the First, the Second’s instincts was also sharp.<br/>
The Second looked at me and grinned in enjoyment.<br/>
「Are they going to pick a fight with us? Or perhaps attacking us or something?」<br/>
The Second laughed.<br/>
"That might happen but, it might be even more troublesome than that. Well, my instinct tells me that they won’t try anything with you directly. Though. Though personally I’m also curious about Zelphy’s thinking."<br/>
The Sixth also agreed with the Second.<br/>
"It looks like she is thinking about various things. Also Lyle, in dungeon subjugation, it’s a place where not many people are watching. It won’t be strange no matter what happens, so be careful."<br/>
I told my honest feeling towards the two of them.<br/>
「The betting, and the bad atmosphere of the surroundings is it? I don’t really get it but……」<br/>
It’s troubling if we are used as a betting subject without our agreement, and even if they said that the atmosphere of the surroundings is bad, I don’t know what I should be cautious of.<br/>
The Second looked at me and shrugged.<br/>
"This too will be a good experience. We too are also uninformed about the adventurer’s style, so we’ll wait and see for a while. What if you also think about it by yourself?"<br/>
The ancestors who are having fun with the dungeon subjugation are talking with great interest about the style of the adventurers. They will do this if it’s them, why aren’t the adventurers doing this? I’m watching the conversation between the ancestors continuing like that.<br/>
.<br/>
The next day.<br/>
I asked Rondo-san and Rachel-san to guard the luggage while entering the dungeon with the other members──but,<br/>
「Excuse me──」<br/>
「Ye~s, the next person.」<br/>
Inside the guild’s tent, even though it’s my turn, the receptionist Santoa-san started to take care of the form of the next person.<br/>
The Second’s voice came from inside the Jewel.<br/>
"Ah ah, you are hated. Well, that’s also fine though."<br/>
The Fifth is irritated.<br/>
"This woman, I don’t like her."<br/>
The Sixth is laughing while calming down the Fifth.<br/>
"Isn’t that fine. Well, this woman just amounts to this much in the end."<br/>
Perhaps my reaction yesterday was bad, because Santoa-san won’t even look my way. She is the only receptionist, so in the end she grudgingly took care of my form without even hiding her reluctant attitude.<br/>
Furthermore, she also forcefully assigned us to different area, not at the place where we wanted to go.<br/>
A man in front of me who finished with his procedure was grinning when he passed by me.<br/>
When I got outside and headed towards the place of Novem and the others, Ralph-san was tired of waiting.<br/>
「You’re slow Lyle. The other guys already departed see.」<br/>
I apologized while joining them, but Zelphy-san doesn’t say anything to me who took a long time with the procedure.<br/>
Novem approached me.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, is there any problem?」<br/>
While I’m pondering whether I should talk about it with Novem, Ralph-san is hurrying us up.<br/>
「Let’s go right away. We also didn’t really earn much yesterday right? As expected it will be harsh if we don’t earn anything two days in a row.」<br/>
I shook my head and entered into the dungeon.<br/>
「Let’s talk later.」<br/>
I said that to Novem and focused only on the dungeon subjugation right now.<br/>
.<br/>
Speaking about just the result, we didn’t earn anything from the dungeon subjugation on the third day too.<br/>
There is also the time we were taking to let Novem and Ralph-san get used to the dungeon, but other than that there were other parties getting ahead of us who collected all the treasure boxes and defeated all the monsters.<br/>
When we returned and reported to Rondo-san, he said 「It can’t be helped. Let’s do our best tomorrow.」<br/>
But, this…….<br/>
「Is this my fault?」<br/>
In a corner of the campsite. I sat down on a tree root at a place where there wasn’t any other people and muttered. In response the ancestors inside the Jewel──<br/>
"Obviously."<br/>
"Of course!"<br/>
"Work harder."<br/>
"There is no other reason than that."<br/>
"In the first place, Lyle is the person in charge of the party after all."<br/>
"Yes! You have to work a bit harder."<br/>
──My shoulders dropped and I sighed.<br/>
The way I dealt with the receptionist Santoa-san on the second day was bad. If only I managed somehow at that time, our earnings wouldn’t be zero for two days in a row.<br/>
It feels like I had angered someone that I shouldn’t anger.<br/>
「……I’ll try apologizing tomorrow.」<br/>
It will be hopeless if I don’t apologize to Santoa-san and at least ask her to process our procedure properly. Hawkins-san is busy with other work, it doesn’t look like he has any leeway to worry about us.<br/>
The Second gave some advice to me.<br/>
"No, that’s impossible. I think your situation won’t change even if you apologize to that receptionist girl."<br/>
「Eh!?」<br/>
When I lifted my head in shock, the Sixth proudly explained.<br/>
"Although the dungeon’s scale is small, it’s still quite wide. Can you say that it’s just coincidence someone got ahead of you in that kind of place? Well, perhaps it will happen sometimes but, I can say it for sure. At this rate Lyle……your earnings will definitely be in the red."<br/>
We prepared various things in order to participate in the dungeon subjugation. Naturally we used money. We have to be in the black in order to recover that fund too.<br/>
It will be a heavy loss if we spend two weeks without earning anything. The Fourth yelled.<br/>
"In the red! What unpleasant words. It will be meaningless if you don’t earn at least ten gold coins from this dungeon subjugation. Ten coins at minimum. Speaking honestly I want double that amount though. Listen well, Lyle. In order to prepare for this dungeon subjugation──"<br/>
The cheapskate Fourth who hated the words in the red was telling me various numbers repeatedly. Aren’t we participating because this is a good experience? While I’m thinking that, a voice called out to me.<br/>
「Oh, what are you doing there?」<br/>
When I turned around, a girl is standing there. Her age seems to be the same or slightly older than me. Her hair color is blonde──no, it’s pink, or should I say pink blonde? The wavy long hair looked radiant within the darkening scenery.<br/>
Her eyes are purple. It’s the same color as Novem and Aria-san. Her skin is white with healthy looking limbs. What is even more eye-catching is her ears. They’re peculiar ears that are bigger than human ears with pointy tips.<br/>
I know this from rumors and books but, this is the first time I saw the real thing from up close.<br/>
She is an elf.<br/>
「……I’m feeling down.」<br/>
I’m troubled of how I should answer and in the end I answered honestly. The Third is laughing loudly at that.<br/>
"Lyle, you’re making her troubled with that answer."<br/>
The girl who is wearing loose white clothes──tunic is surprised hearing my answer, but she then started laughing right away.<br/>
「Ahahaha, sorry. No, I called out to you thinking ‘this person is really down isn’t he~’, but to think that you would respond honestly that you are feeling down, I never even expected that. You’re amusing aren’t you.」<br/>
It seems my answer is amusing for her. I don’t really get it.<br/>
「I’m Eva. Nice to meet you.」<br/>
Saying that the girl winked. I also introduced myself.<br/>
「I’m Lyle. Lyle Walt. Err, by the way Eva-san, why are you here?」<br/>
Looking closer she isn’t dressed like an adventurer. But, looking at her feet, they looked lithe and trained. She also doesn’t feel like a prostitute.<br/>
「Me? I think it’s obvious what most elves are doing in this kind of place. Singer, storyteller, dancer, actress……call it anything you like.」<br/>
Singer──now that she mentioned it, before this Novem said that many elves are performers.<br/>
「Are you a member of a performer troupe? Eh? You’re coming to this kind of place?」<br/>
When I looked around, Eva-san made a slightly troubled face.<br/>
「I came here but, I’m not a member of the troupe. I came this far by hitching a ride with them but, as expected if I want to sing……I got refused when I asked for permission.」<br/>
Eva-san laughed brightly and sat beside me.<br/>
Like that we talked about various things.<br/>
「Besides, the adventurers here, they’re mean aren’t they? They will try to touch your butt or something when we’re singing, their atmosphere is also bad……even though I heard that the earnings will be good at the campsite of a dungeon subjugation!」<br/>
She suddenly got angry and made a serious expression this time.<br/>
「You know, I ran away from the forest I was living in and then traveled mostly alone. Well, I came from a place that is quite famous, so the other elves are taking care of me but, it’s hard to earn money. Outside the forest there are different rules about the turf after all. I will get scolded if I just sing as I pleased.」<br/>
Laughing, angry, dejected. I think she is a person with abundant emotions.<br/>
While I’m listening to Eva-san’s story like that, she made a certain suggestion.<br/>
「Say, Lyle……won’t you, buy me for a night? I’ll give you a low price.」<br/>
She peeked up at my face from below. I can see the valley of her breasts from the chest area of her tunic.<br/>
The Seventh got noisy.<br/>
"Nuh! Could it be that it’s finally time for Lyle to experience woman too!?"<br/>
The Sixth laughed and denied that.<br/>
"Impossible."<br/>
That’s a bit irritating. Along with defiance towards the ancestors who are like that, I unconsciously──<br/>
「I, I’ll buy you.」<br/>
──Answered like that. Eva-san clapped her hands together with a really happy look.<br/>
「Really!? Thank you Lyle. Then, I’ll teach you my family name. Nihil, I’m Eva of the Nihil clan.」<br/>
Eva-san said that and stood up. She then pulled my hand to make me stand.<br/>
「I don’t know why you’re feeling down but, I’ll make you feel lively right away. Even though I look like this but I have great confidence.」<br/>
The Third spoke carefreely.<br/>
"Oh, she is really confident. I wonder if Lyle will finally know woman with this~"<br/>
The Third’s voice sounded somewhat teasing. Urged by Eva-san, I left that place.<br/>
「Hey, Lyle. Where is your tent at?」<br/>
「Eh, ah……this way.」<br/>
I showed Eva-san to the place where our tent is located.<br/>
.<br/>
"I knew it would be something like this. Well, isn’t that great, Lyle."<br/>
I listened to the Second’s consoling voice while being surrounded by my comrades and Eva-san. After dinner, we are drinking tea while listening to Eva-san’s song.<br/>
It seems that her asking me to buy her for a night was in the sense of a performer.<br/>
……I had no strange expectations. This is alright.<br/>
When Eva-san finished singing, she wiped the sweat on her forehead.<br/>
「Aah~, as I thought singing in front of other people is great.」<br/>
Novem handed a drink with a smile. Eva-san accepted that and appeased her thirst.<br/>
Her singing voice was great, and in addition she was singing while looking like she genuinely enjoyed it.<br/>
Aria-san pulled at my arm.<br/>
「Wait, where did you catch this kind of girl? It was surprising when she said that she will give a performance for a night if we give her food and a bed to sleep.」<br/>
Yes, actually Eva-san──isn’t a formal member of the dungeon subjugation. Because of that she is in a situation without food and a place to sleep.<br/>
It seems she will be able to secure food and a place to sleep if she relies on the performer troupe she hitched a ride with, but the person herself disliked doing that.<br/>
And so, she is doing her singing performance in front of us like this if we provide her with food.<br/>
「No, rather than catching, it’s like I’m the one who got caught or something.」<br/>
Aria-san looked at me and frowned.<br/>
「Lyle, you should be a bit firmer. Someday you’ll meet a painful experience like this.」<br/>
I dropped my shoulders. Then Eva-san started talking.<br/>
「Ee~, then next I think I’ll talk about the legend and folklore from the northern part of Bahnseim. I came from the north to here just some time ago, but as expected the atmosphere of the northern part was different because there is a large country at the other side of the border.」<br/>
The northern part of Bahnseim is bordered with a large country named Cartaffs. Until now there are often small skirmishes and large wars with them.<br/>
The local color in that kind of place has a lot of stories with themes of war passed down through generations.<br/>
Eva-san continued.<br/>
「Many of the stories in northern part are about the achievement of knights and soldiers, but I also heard a slightly unusual story so I’ll tell that one.」<br/>
Rondo-san showed his interest.<br/>
「The north huh. I never went there but, I once heard that it’s a harsh place.」<br/>
Ralph-san also had the same impression.<br/>
「Yeah, now that you mentioned it, there are a lot of wars there, so even children will normally carry weapons and fight. That’s what I heard. That’s an amazing place.」<br/>
Sophia-san slightly fell into thought.<br/>
「As expected I think that story is a lie, even so it’s the northern part. Perhaps it’s possible or perhaps not……」<br/>
Then the Second spoke with a nostalgic voice.<br/>
"North……mother also came from the north."<br/>
It seems that it’s a region that is also related to the Walt House.<br/>
Eva-san started to recite the story that she heard from the north.<br/>
「In a small village in the north. There was a girl there. The girl loved the small village, and then she was also adored by the people of the village.」<br/>
It seems that the main character is a kind girl. A gentle scene was narrated.<br/>
But, when the story advanced, it became a dangerous story. Bandits appeared and kidnapped the villagers. There, the kind girl chased after the bandits with weapon in one hand……chasing with one weapon in hand?<br/>
Before long the girl caught up with the bandits. However the sight that the girl witnessed there was the bandits getting attacked by a vicious monster. The kind girl then defeated that vicious monster with the weapon she carried and saved the kidnapped villagers.<br/>
After that, a noble heard the rumor of that girl and begged her to marry him. They then married.<br/>
……Hm?<br/>
The kind girl defeated a monster that the bandits couldn’t defeat? By herself?<br/>
The ancestors inside the Jewel laughed. They laughed loudly. All six of them exploded in laughter.<br/>
"What do you mean kind girl! No, that woman is already a ferocious warrior there!"<br/>
"The folklore of the north is extreme huh!"<br/>
"Just what kind of woman could she be? I want to look."<br/>
"She might be a woman even more terrifying than a bear."<br/>
"That’s possible!"<br/>
"I want to have a look at the house that intentionally accepted that woman with marriage."<br/>
It seems they are pleased by the story in a different sense.<br/>
All of us who finished listening to the story made a conflicted expression. Rachel-san tilted her head and said.<br/>
「That’s interesting but, it’s different from the norm isn’t it? The main character is a girl, so I thought that a knight or a prince will save her and they will marry.」<br/>
Speaking of the norm, what Rachel-san mentioned was the typical story. In that case it would be a story of saving a weak girl.<br/>
A girl personally going to defeat bandits is just too unusual.<br/>
Eva-san is smiling cheerfully.<br/>
「It’s a real story that I learned in the north. I also haven’t even dramatized it like other story-telling, it’s a novel story.」<br/>
Certainly it might be amusing if you think of it as a novel story. In fact the ancestors are also greatly happy with how many points there are to retort at rather than the story itself.<br/>
Ralph-san looked at Sophia-san.<br/>
「That girl might be someone like Sophia-chan. You know, Sophia-chan is carrying a battle axe after all.」<br/>
Everyone’s gaze gathered on Sophia-san.<br/>
「I, I’m not that rash. Besides, from the story it sounded like the girl also had confidence to defeat the bandits. She is too different from me.」<br/>
Aria-san said to Sophia-san who was like that.<br/>
「Aren’t you two similar? You are far stronger than the average man.」<br/>
Sophia-san who heard this stood up in indignation. She grabbed Aria-san’s shoulders and protested while shaking her. Aria-san is laughing and let herself get shaken.<br/>
「We aren’t similar! Even like this I’m in the category of ladylike. If you say that, then it’s Aria instead who is really similar with that character!」<br/>
「Sorry, sorry.」<br/>
It’s great that they are getting along.<br/>
Novem talked with Eva-san.<br/>
「Were you going around the north by yourself?」<br/>
For some reason Eva-san’s distance with Novem is close. It also feels like Novem is allowing that.<br/>
「I went around there with another troupe. Even though I look like this I’m from the Nihil clan, so they were accommodating to me.」<br/>
Then Zelphy-san raised her face in surprise.<br/>
「Nihil, you mean the clan that is managing the forest that is the birthplace of the elves right? I’ve only heard the story but, they actually exist, huh.」<br/>
Eva-san puffed up her chest proudly.<br/>
「Amazing right? That’s why, I won’t get troubled if I’m just traveling. ……Though they are merciless in regards to doing performances or singing.」<br/>
As expected it seemed the other elves wouldn’t give even an inch in regards to job matters.<br/>
I feel curious and──<br/>
「Where is Eva-san’s birthplace located at?」<br/>
──I asked.<br/>
The atmosphere of that place instantly changed. Gazes gathered on me.<br/>
Eva-san is smiling friendly, but she doesn’t answer.<br/>
Aria-san also tilted her head. Ralph-san also looked around with a similar look of puzzlement. Then, Novem represented everyone and explained to me.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, the location of the forest that is the birthplace of the elves is a secret of the elves. We won’t be able to learn it unless there is a really extenuating circumstance. If anyone tries to investigate it carelessly──」<br/>
Eva-san continued from there with a low voice.<br/>
「──People who investigate will vanish from the face of the earth unnoticed by anyone. That’s why Lyle, too, be careful. …………Ahahaha, that’s a lie. A lie! It’s not a secret. It’s basically in an unexplored region deep inside a mountain. People won’t come there but, for elves it’s a really important place.」<br/>
Even though she was giving out a scary atmosphere at the start, at the end Eva-san started laughing. Rachel-san is surprised.<br/>
「Lies! I was taught that we absolutely mustn’t ask any elf about it!」<br/>
Rondo-san also nodded while muttering 「I was also told that」. Sophia-san was also the same.<br/>
Eva-san raised her index finger and put it on her lips.<br/>
「This is one of the gag routines of the elves. Actually it’s not really a big matter but we all make it like something exaggerated and when there is someone who carelessly asks about it, we will act with that atmosphere. Besides, even if you search that place it’s just a forest without anything special. We will even welcome you if you come to the forest.」<br/>
I was told about the trivial fact that the location of the elves’s birthplace is actually just a routine gag of the elves. Then Novem is also chuckling.<br/>
「Novem, so you also knew about it!」<br/>
When I said that, her finger wiped the tear that came out from laughing too much and she answered.<br/>
「My apologies. The atmosphere was tense so it was amusing.」<br/>
Eva-san high-fived with Novem. Rather, these two got along really well huh. Is there something that attracts both of them to each other?<br/>
「So Novem also knew. In addition you matched the story with mine, perhaps we can get along really well! Hey, can you let me sleep here from today? I joined the dungeon subjugation troupe without really thinking much, so I’m troubled with food and the place to sleep. At this rate, I’ll get raped by some nasty adventurers.」<br/>
Eva-san is begging Novem with teary eyes. Novem looked briefly at me.<br/>
Unable to do something like throwing her out, I nodded for the time being. Then Novem gave permission to Eva-san.<br/>
「It’s a cramped tent so if you don’t mind it then please feel free. Also, we’ll ask you to do a bit of work. If you’re an elf then magic──」<br/>
Eva-san’s right hand clapped her chest.<br/>
「If it’s magic and bows then leave it to me. Elves are also a good walkers, walking inside the forest is the same like walking on flat ground for us.」<br/>
Those are really reliable words.<br/>
Rondo-san looked at Eva-san and smiled slightly.<br/>
「The second and third day didn’t really go well but, now I feel slightly lighter. This makes me notice that this kind of entertainment is also important.」<br/>
I recalled these two days and felt really conflicted. Even though it’s only temporary but I’m the leader. The responsibility lies with me.<br/>
「I want to make a comeback tomorrow somehow.」<br/>
Then the Fourth’s voice came from inside the Jewel.<br/>
"Don’t say I want to make a comeback. Say I will make a comeback! As expected it will be hard if your earning is zero for three days in a row."<br/>
The other parties are discovering treasure boxes, defeating monsters, and earning money. We cannot stay like this.<br/>
But, the Sixth alone is saying something ominous.<br/>
"Lyle……at this rate, you won’t be able to earn much even from the fourth day."<br/>
No, as expected we should be able to earn more starting from tomorrow. I want to believe that.<br/>
.<br/>
「……So it’s also no good here.」<br/>
Rondo-san’s tired voice resounded inside a room within the dungeon.<br/>
Ralph-san roughly struck the ground with his spear.<br/>
「Shit-!」<br/>
Zelphy-san hasn’t been giving us any particular instruction since the first day. She is watching silently, as though she is ascertaining our ability.<br/>
I looked up to the ceiling.<br/>
Time passed and the light is becoming orange. At this rate, it will become dark inside the dungeon within several hours.<br/>
I clenched my fist and gritted my teeth before opening my mouth.<br/>
「……Let’s return.」<br/>
I know. I already know.<br/>
Several group of adventurers were going ahead on the course that we planned to go through. They searched the treasure box and went around defeating monsters along our route.<br/>
It was as though they were getting in our way.<br/>
Novem brushed up her hair to behind her ear and then she looked around.<br/>
「Lyle-sama. It looks like we aren’t welcomed here.」<br/>
The adventurer parties entering into the dungeon……several of them are obviously hindering us.<br/>
Aria-san is also irritated.<br/>
「This is horrible no matter what! The dungeon is this wide. It’s absolutely strange that they got ahead of us every time! Besides, the guild should be coordinating so that we won’t get in each other’s way!」<br/>
I who can use the Arts of the Fifth and the Sixth knew that there are parties that went ahead of us from the start and got in our way.<br/>
They already got ahead of us by the time we entered into the dungeon.<br/>
No matter how early I lined up in front of the guild’s reception, my turn will get shifted to the last. We departed last and by the time we entered into the dungeon, the other parties already got ahead of us and earned money. There are parties who acted while ignoring the guild’s arrangement.<br/>
In addition, no matter what Santoa-san……would assign us to a place where the earning isn’t really good.<br/>
The problem is that the current situation won’t change even when I used the Arts in full strength.<br/>
「If only I did better……」<br/>
Ralph-san made a suggestion with an angry yell.<br/>
「If it’s like this then we should go outside our assigned area. We won’t earn anything if we got completely forestalled like this!」<br/>
Rondo-san pressed his left hand on his forehead and said.<br/>
「Ralph, that’s a violation of the rule. We will get a penalty if we are found out.」<br/>
「Then what’re we gonna do! Even though there are some bunches who’re obviously ignoring the rule, there’s no way we can just stay quiet!」<br/>
Rondo-san and Ralph-san started to argue, but Zelphy-san is just watching. Novem and Aria-san are approaching me.<br/>
Novem is calm.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, I believe that we’ll immediately get reported if we break the rule. At this rate it will be a bit difficult for us.」<br/>
Aria-san sometimes will look at Zelphy-san with a frustrated look.<br/>
「Certainly we joined this a bit forcefully but, they’ll go this far? Even though the number is already lacking, they’re still getting in our way, I can’t believe it.」<br/>
Originally more party than now should be gathered for a dungeon subjugation. But, Dalien’s guild didn’t have enough manpower so this dungeon was challenged with fewer people than planned.<br/>
That’s why, the number of adventurers participating in this dungeon subjugation isn’t too many. I looked at Zelphy-san.<br/>
……It doesn’t look like she will give advice.<br/>
「Ahaha, this is really bad isn’t it.」<br/>
It’s exactly as the Sixth said.<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
