<br/>
Chapter 35 – Sword Wings<br/>
<br/>
──Rex of Sword Wings was in a good mood at the end of the fourth day.<br/>
「It was exhausting on the first and second day, but if it’s like this then it feels like the dungeon subjugation will end on a good note.」<br/>
In front of him was treasure that they obtained from treasure boxes……well, it wasn’t to such degree, but the items lined up there were still quite something. Gold coins, silver coins, and even armor and the like.<br/>
Rex took from among them a gauntlet that looked like it had only been created before trying it out on his right hand.<br/>
「It fits me to a tee.」<br/>
While he was staring at the beautiful gauntlet, his comrade that was his fellow warrior took a long sword.<br/>
「I think we’ll get gold coins if we sell this. But, it’s also not bad to use it.」<br/>
If they sold all these items that they gathered, then they would surely earn more than ten gold coins for them. Although, that was only if they could return to Dalien and sell them there.<br/>
A lightly armored man looked towards Rex and asked anxiously.<br/>
「Hey, Rex, you’re really going to sell them to that Byron? He’s going to lower the price, on top of that if you buy alcohol at that guy’s place the price is going to get doubled.」<br/>
The lightly armored men were the scouts of the party. They were also in charge of traps and the like. They were staring longingly at the treasures lined up on the table.<br/>
Even Rex actually wanted to use these items for himself or sell them at a high price.<br/>
But──<br/>
「This is necessary. I don’t want to get hindered by the surroundings because we are getting stingy here. You guys, do you want to become like that "womanizer" who can’t even earn anything?」<br/>
Money was necessary so that the other parties wouldn’t work together to hinder them.<br/>
Rex and his group were also newcomers like Lyle’s group. There were people who would snatch the earnings of such rookies.<br/>
One of his comrades shook his head.<br/>
「As expected I want to be spared from that. Even so, don’t those guys realize how the other adventurers are thinking about them?」<br/>
Rex turned a sharp gaze at his comrade who was laughing insultingly.<br/>
「Idiot, if we’re careless then even we would meet the same fate. ……Isn’t that right, Dalel-san?」<br/>
Ahead of Rex’s gaze was Dalel. He took off the metal armor that he brought here because this was his last job and sat down on a chair tiredly.<br/>
Dalel grinned and said,<br/>
「That might happen.」<br/>
He only said that one sentence and immediately fell silent again. Dalel didn’t give any advice like usual. Rex and his other comrades sent bitter gazes to Dalel who was like that.<br/>
However, no one could complain to Dalel who had taken care of them until now. Rex considered their plan after this.<br/>
「Let’s have that womanizer guy stand out in the bad sense. During that time we’ll earn as much as we can. Also, convert half of this into money for today. And then buy alcohol and the kind of meat that can become snacks from that Byron. I’ll go deliver them after that.」<br/>
The lightly armored adventurer looked dejected.<br/>
「We’re just eating vegetables and bean soup here, plus salted hard meat we bought before coming here. And yet we’re giving alcohol and meat to other guys……I want to become a big shot quick.」<br/>
Even while complaining, his comrades talked to each other about what would be sold and what they would keep behind before going to Byron’s place.<br/>
Dalel was watching that with a grin──<br/>
.<br/>
──Night.<br/>
There was the bar that Byron opened near the place where the elf troupe was displaying their performance. It was a bar with only tables and chairs lined up under the sky.<br/>
There were also stalls lined up nearby, providing snacks for alcohol in abundance. But, no matter what kind of item the price would be doubled or more than the normal price.<br/>
Zelphy and Dalel could be found there.<br/>
Both of them were drinking alcohol and ordered snacks while talking to each other about their respective situation.<br/>
Zelphy scratched her hair.<br/>
「My side is no good. It’s completely no good. They can’t even earn one copper coin after four days.」<br/>
Dalel was laughing instead.<br/>
「It’s fine if you give them a little advice y’know. Well, we decided to just shut up and watch this time, so it looks like the other guys are brazenly breaking the rules and making a killing though.」<br/>
Zelphy and Dalel. There was a reason why rule breaking inside the dungeon was running rampant even with the two of them here.<br/>
The two of them decided that they wouldn’t butt in this time and they told that to the other adventurers. The reason for the two of them was the same.<br/>
Which was in order to make the young people they were training meet a slightly painful experience.<br/>
However, the Sword Wings at Dalel’s place had learned the way to curry favor with their surroundings from their experiences until now and practiced it here.<br/>
Because of that, they were earning quite a bit till this fourth day.<br/>
In contrast, Lyle’s group was in a situation where they couldn’t even earn one copper coin. As expected it seemed that even Zelphy didn’t think that it would be this bad.<br/>
「Those guys are planning to mercilessly make a killing while thoroughly beating down Lyle and the others to the ground. At least be more discrete damn it. Bastard, normally I’m going to punch these guys flying with what they’re doing.」<br/>
Zelphy complained while drinking alcohol and glancing at the performance of the elves at the side. Adventurers and people who were participating in this dungeon subjugation were gathering in attraction towards the performance of the elves. She also caught sight of children in their teens among the people, dancing and having fun following the rhythm of the elves.<br/>
Dalel reached out to a snack while glancing at Zelphy.<br/>
「By the way, about Lyle in your place. You said that he is the type to get serious when he is cornered? Tell me if he is going to do something soon okay.」<br/>
Zelphy looked at her cup that became empty and hesitated whether to order more or not.<br/>
「Who knows. As expected he is feeling down today but, there isn’t any sign of him getting motivated……chih, the alcohol is also expensive so I’ll stop here for today.」<br/>
Dalel waved his hand and saw Zelphy off. Zelphy also waved her hand and left the place.<br/>
After walking a bit, she encountered an unfamiliar adventurer getting drunk and acting violently.<br/>
「Ahn? A guy who can do nothing except standing guard is complaining to me huh!」<br/>
An adventurer who was allowed to enter the dungeon was grabbing the collar of someone who was only working in the campsite. It seemed the reason was simply because the adventurer rudely pushed something because it was in the way, and when an adventurer who acted as guard came running, the drunk man got even more belligerent.<br/>
Zelphy clicked her tongue.<br/>
「Chih, disgusting.」<br/>
She intentionally passed through that place and glared at the drunk adventurer. When the drunkard realized that it was Zelphy, he hurriedly bowed his head and ran away.<br/>
(Most of the bunch gathered here is only at this level. I wanted Lyle to get through some hardships but, what to do now)<br/>
A group that made fun of the logistical support and unscrupulously broke the rule. While Zelphy was racking her brain, she caught sight of Santoa being surrounded by adventurers.<br/>
The jovial adventurers offered food to Santoa and made a request to her.<br/>
「Santoa-chan, we’re counting on you for next time too. Next give us that area okay?」<br/>
Santoa answered with a smile.<br/>
「Again~? Fine then. Ah, perhaps this alcohol will be nice?」<br/>
The adventurer ordered for alcohol while speaking with a laugh.<br/>
「Even so those guys are dull huh. No matter what, normally anyone will notice after being unable to earn anything like that.」<br/>
Santoa was also laughing.<br/>
「That’s no good~. Is it okay to bully rookies like that?」<br/>
Zelphy was irritated.<br/>
(So you’re also complicit huh!)<br/>
Seeing Santoa getting spoiled by the adventurers, Zelphy scratched her hair roughly.<br/>
「……Perhaps nothing can be done here even if Lyle gets serious.」<br/>
Zelphy thought about Lyle and the others who got caught in the trap of the surroundings and began to worry whether she should lend a hand or not──<br/>
.<br/>
The night of the fourth day.<br/>
I sent my consciousness into the Jewel, inside the room of the round table.<br/>
It’s in order to borrow the wisdom of the ancestors but…….<br/>
"You cannot earn even a copper after the fourth day, Lyle is hopeless."<br/>
The Third is grinning while looking at me. The other ancestors are also making the same face. Or rather, I think they understand already now that it has come to this.<br/>
「I’m sorry, but this isn’t a laughing matter so please help me. Honestly, at this rate we will really just simply be participants in this subjugation.」<br/>
I even invited Rondo-san’s party, as expected I don’t want it to end like this. When I say that, the ancestors looked at each other’s faces.<br/>
The Second scratched his hair.<br/>
"Well, if we’re going to give advice──"<br/>
「If you’re going to give advice!」<br/>
The Second lifted his face and looked at me with intense concentration, then he laughed while making a thumbs up and,<br/>
"There isn’t really anything!"<br/>
I’m dumbfounded and then yelled angrily at the Second.<br/>
「What’s with that! Please think a bit more seriously. I’m being serious here!」<br/>
Then the Fifth looked at me and snorted.<br/>
"You come crying to us because you cannot solve the situation by yourself, and then you are making a ruckus when you don’t get any advice?"<br/>
When I fell silent because he stabbed at where it hurt, the Sixth calmed down the Fifth.<br/>
"Well, let’s leave it at that. It was us who told Lyle to participate in the dungeon subjugation. We should give him advice at least. After all it’s also getting boring just watching and laughing."<br/>
The Seventh also nodded.<br/>
"I guess. He has made us laugh enough after all."<br/>
……Eh? Could it be, all of them were watching and laughing at my actions? I think that’s a really terrible thing to do though.<br/>
「That’s cruel.」<br/>
The Third made a shameless excuse.<br/>
"No, no, although we are also experienced in subjugating dungeons, but we’re amateurs when it come to subjugating dungeons as an adventurer. We were focusing on watching the situation at first. But, as expected after four days doing that we have grasped the gist."<br/>
The Fourth took off his glasses and wiped the lenses with a cloth.<br/>
"Well, we are also thinking of various things. Now then, Lyle……actually you have to solve this problem by yourself, you understand that right?"<br/>
I straightened my posture and looked at the Fourth. The Fourth put on his glasses and nodded, then he smiled a little.<br/>
"It’s fine. You can make a comeback from here."<br/>
Then the Sixth stood up.<br/>
"Now then, first thing you have to do……as expected it’s information gathering."<br/>
Should I investigate about the adventurer parties getting in our way? But, after we identify those parties, how should we deal with them…….<br/>
I thought until that far but, the ancestors’ words were contrary to my expectations.<br/>
The Fifth spoke shortly.<br/>
"Then, spend a day investigating the rear support."<br/>
……Eh? It’s unrelated with the parties doing dungeon subjugation?<br/>
.<br/>
The morning of the fifth day.<br/>
I spoke to the members inspecting their equipment and told them──<br/>
「Ee~, we’re going to rest today.」<br/>
I continued my explanation in front of the dumbfounded members.<br/>
「We’re only going to get beaten to the punch even if we enter the dungeon like this, so if that’s the case then first we should gather information in order to think up a solution to breakthrough. And so everyone, let’s look around the campsite. Ah, don’t move around by yourself. If possible doing it with three people per group will be better……」<br/>
With our current number we can form two groups at most. While I’m thinking that, I found Eva-san’s figure sending me a hopeful gaze from inside the tent.<br/>
「……Then, Eva-san should join us too.」<br/>
Eva-san took a guts pose, while Rondo-san was bewildered on the other hand.<br/>
「No, Lyle-kun. I understand about gathering information in order to form a breakthrough plan but, what do you mean by looking around the campsite? If we’re going to investigate the parties doing dungeon subjugation then I think it’s better to do it at night.」<br/>
I shook my hand to the side.<br/>
「Ah, we only need to investigate about that limited to what we can. Please focus your investigation more on the other people in charge of the rear support. I’ll give each group ten silver coins, use that money to stroll around. Please listen to the various people’s discussions. Let’s meet up again at lunch time at the place where the food carts are lined up.」<br/>
After that I said 「Then let’s breakup」 before taking along Novem and Eva-san with me.<br/>
Ralph-san looked like he wanted to say something to me but, Rachel-san poked him with her staff and stopped him.<br/>
「That’s what Lyle said, so let’s use the chance to rest today while looking around the campsite. Rondo too, quick. Come to think of it, who will stay behind to guard our things?」<br/>
Aria-san and Sophia-san looked at each other and raised their hands. Zelphy-san sends me a doubtful gaze.<br/>
「We’ll take the first shift as guards. You will take turn later, right?」<br/>
I nodded.<br/>
「Of course.」<br/>
.<br/>
The campsite of the dungeon subjugation group was a bit peculiar.<br/>
After passing a certain amount of time in this location, the tents of each party were lined up and then there was also entertainment prepared.<br/>
The adventurers staying behind to guard the luggage would make a call to other parties from the morning and gambled, while the elves would display their singing and performance to receive money offerings.<br/>
The prostitutes whose busy time was at night are sleeping, but there is no change to the lively atmosphere.<br/>
According to the Sixth,<br/>
"The merchants who are siphoning off money from adventurers right after they earned money like this must be more profitable."<br/>
He said.<br/>
Rather than risking their life to challenge a dungeon, being a merchant who does business with those adventurers will be more profitable. This is why the world is mysterious.<br/>
I visited a stall, bought three skewered grilled meat, then Novem, Eva-san and I ate them.<br/>
As to be expected from a stall doing business in a troublesome place like this, the price is really expensive.<br/>
「It’s delicious but it’s really expensive.」<br/>
While I’m eating and saying that, Novem looked around and explained.<br/>
「When doing business in this kind of place, it will excessively take a lot of expenses unlike usual. Well, they can also earn even more profit from that though.」<br/>
Thinking of how there isn’t even any watering place nearby, it’s really difficult even just to secure drinking water.<br/>
Eva-san is watching the elves doing their singing performance. Elf children who are younger than us are singing with adventurers who came looking around as their audience.<br/>
「The children of the troupe are polishing their art like this. Even if they participate at night it will only be limited to helping out, and if they’re lucky they can also receive money. How nice, I also wanted to be born to an elf who has a troupe.」<br/>
Eva-san dropped her shoulders in dejection. It seems she ran away from home to travel alone. She left her home alone because of her hunger for the stories in the outside world, so she must be someone with the ability to take action.<br/>
The Second’s voice came from the Jewel.<br/>
"Lyle, it’s fine looking around at the stalls and the troupe, but let’s go look at the cooks now too. After that, meet up with the others and take turns with Aria and Zelphy."<br/>
I ate my skewered meat, threw the garbage into the trash can placed beside the stall and started walking. Novem and Eva-san also followed behind, but Novem asked me.<br/>
「It’s still too early for us to meet up with the others.」<br/>
「No, I want to look at the lunch’s situation.」<br/>
Novem nodded hearing my words. Eva-san seemed to not understand and tilted her head.<br/>
「You want to look at people eating? How strange.」<br/>
She seemed to harbor such impression.<br/>
.<br/>
The cook who is in charge of the meals of the group is a male who opened a restaurant in Dalien. It seemed he was formerly an adventurer, so he has a trained physique also skilled in his work.<br/>
Apparently the evaluation of his restaurant is quite good, so he left the restaurant in his son’s care and participated with the group of dungeon subjugation. The reason he participated is because of the sizable sum of money he was promised as his pay it seems.<br/>
This is a group of several hundred people. It’s an extremely hard labor to feed them in the morning, noon, and evening. As expected, quite the sizable amount of money must have been promised to him.<br/>
Just before noon, various people are eating and trying to finish before the adventurers came to eat.<br/>
If there is a problem, it must be the terrible quality of the ingredients even if the cook is skilled. Most of the meals are mainly made from vegetables and beans, the people eating are complaining.<br/>
I’m watching that from a slight distance away.<br/>
「So today is vegetable dregs and bean soup again huh.」<br/>
「I ain’t motivated like this.」<br/>
「I want to eat something that hits the spot a bit more.」<br/>
The cook is working silently. But, when he gave instructions to the helpers, his voice will get rough no matter what.<br/>
「Prepare the plates right away!」<br/>
「Ye, yes!」<br/>
He must be feeling irritated.<br/>
The Sixth is watching that while collecting information.<br/>
"A cook whose cooking is evaluated quite highly in Dalien is doing his best with insufficient ingredients after coming here but he still can’t receive any appreciation. If he isn’t motivated then there are other things he can do but……hmm"<br/>
At this time, the people eating are adventurers who are in charge of drawing water, the adventurers patrolling the campsite, the people taking care of the horses and so on. There are also children among them.<br/>
Other than them……well, there are various people. From looking at them I can see how they are working in order to enable us, the main participants, to be able to subjugate the dungeon.<br/>
When the people finished their meals and move to leave, they crossed paths with another set of adventurers coming in. They are the adventurers who’re staying behind due to different reasons, whether it’s to guard the luggage, holiday, or other things.<br/>
Their tone is even ruder compared to the people who were here before this.<br/>
「Chih, it tastes like shit.」<br/>
「Oi, chef, do your work properly.」<br/>
「Shit, if it’s like this then it’s better to eat at the stall or at Byron’s place.」<br/>
‘It’s better to eat at the stall or Byron-jiisan’s place where the price is a rip-off.’ The adventurers said that and leave with their meals unfinished.<br/>
The adventurers who seem to have no money to do the same continue to eat but while still continuing to complain.<br/>
The Second is watching that in exasperation.<br/>
"They’re making fun of their rear support? They can’t possibly be sane."<br/>
The Fifth laughed condescendingly.<br/>
"Even though they won’t be able to fight decently without the support of the rear support. ……Lyle, Rondo and the others came."<br/>
When I turned around, Rondo-san and the others are coming this way.<br/>
.<br/>
We exchanged information while eating.<br/>
We are eating vegetable and bean soup and hard bread. I soaked my bread into the soup while listening to Rondo-san and the others talking.<br/>
Ralph-san is looking dissatisfied while Rachel-san is looking a bit disgruntled.<br/>
Rondo-san is telling me the information he gathered with a serious expression.<br/>
「About the adventurer party that is taught by that person called Dalel, their name seems to be Sword Wings. Every day they are treating the adventurers challenging the dungeon to alcohol and food. It seems those adventures are the ones getting in our way.」<br/>
Ralph-san roughly drank down the soup and put the bowl down on the table hard.<br/>
「Breaking the rules is like it’s obvious! It’s just us who are protecting the rules like idiots. Those guys must be laughing knowing that!」<br/>
Rachel-san also seemed to be upset. She is desperately telling us while moving both her hands.<br/>
「It’s really the worst! Even that Sword whatever who has things going well for them is also tacitly involved with the rule breaking because they’re treating those guys with alcohol and food so they won’t get hindered! This is making us look like idiots!」<br/>
The Sixth is grinning while,<br/>
"This is that kind of place. It can’t be helped."<br/>
The Seventh was also laughing.<br/>
"Isn’t that right. There is a saying that when entering a village do as the villagers do. It’s Lyle and the others who are in the wrong. However──"<br/>
The Third spoke with a low voice.<br/>
"Then, it’s also fine for us to give them payback. No, in the first place it’s also fine to tear down the premise."<br/>
The ancestors silently, and cunningly worked their serpentine wisdom.<br/>
I continued talking with Rondo-san.<br/>
「Is there anything else that you noticed?」<br/>
Rondo-san nodded.<br/>
「That post exchange merchant. Old man Byron was it? I talked with that person but, it seems that the earnings from this dungeon are really good. He told me that we should use money like mad in this kind of time. ……But, those are words from a merchant so I don’t know whether it’s really true or not.」<br/>
Rachel-san put her elbow on the table and taught me what kind of items came out from the dungeon’s treasure box.<br/>
「I’m told that the treasure boxes here give armor related things, then gold coins, silver coins, and sometimes copper coins will also come out. It’s mysterious isn’t it, why is that kind of thing appearing inside a dungeon that has just been born? Even though I heard that a dungeon will eat a lot of humans, then the dungeon will spit out the money and tools of those people into treasure boxes.」<br/>
Thinking back that’s certainly mysterious. Not a lot of people have died yet. No, since it was discovered there isn’t even a single person yet that had died inside, so how can those kinds of things be obtained from insides of the treasure boxes?<br/>
Novem answered my doubt.<br/>
「……Each dungeon has their own characteristic, all dungeons are different from each other, but all of them are also the same dungeon. That was the theory I read from a book. It’s a theory that isn’t really considered but, based from Rachel-san’s story, I think that theory might possibly be true.」<br/>
Ralph-san was interested in Novem’s words.<br/>
「Different and yet the same, what does that mean?」<br/>
Novem explained in detail.<br/>
「Dungeons are born in various places in various shapes. But, the theory said that all of those dungeons are connected. For example, an adventurer is defeated in dungeon A, and the money and equipment in his possession are absorbed by the dungeon. Even though those things don’t get discovered in dungeon A, they can be found at another dungeon B. That’s the theory.」<br/>
Ralph-san folded his arms and fell into thought. It seems he isn’t good with difficult talk. On the other hand, Rondo-san is listening intently to Novem’s explanation.<br/>
「That’s certainly interesting. If dungeons are all connected somewhere, then it can be explained how treasure boxes can appear even in a new dungeon. Even so, it’s a terrible story that dungeons are absorbing the belongings along with the corpse. If there is any exception, there is only the guild card isn’t it?」<br/>
Guild card──it’s the mysterious card created by the adventurers guild that the dungeon cannot absorb. Everything other than that will get absorbed by a dungeon in most cases it seems.<br/>
I heard that’s the reason the inside of a dungeon doesn’t get flooded with corpses and trash.<br/>
While everyone is getting excited with such talk, Eva-san who finished her food looked at us and said a sentence.<br/>
「And, is that talk related to earning money?」<br/>
……It’s not.<br/>
Everyone is pulled back to reality and looks like they’re really at their wits’ end. I finished asking about the information they gathered and then I also told them about the information that my group gathered.<br/>
And then, we returned to the tent in order to take turn guarding the luggage with Aria-san, Sophia-san, and Zelphy-san.<br/>
.<br/>
──The Sword Wings inside the dungeon.<br/>
The lightly armored comrade who went for scouting returned back.<br/>
Rex who was waiting at the passage asked the results.<br/>
「How is it?」<br/>
「There are five monsters inside the room ahead. I could also see goblins sporadically in the passage slightly ahead from here. They might join the fight if we enter the room and it turns into a battle.」<br/>
The warriors who were carrying shields stood in front of the party and watched the surroundings vigilantly. In the middle of that, Rex spread open his map and checked the passage and room.<br/>
It was a map even more detailed than the guild’s map that he purchased from Centralle’s adventurers by paying gold coins……though in the end the quality was only at the level of better than the guild’s, even so that was enough.<br/>
「……We’ll fight. Two men will stay at the entrance to stand guard against monsters. The rest will face the monsters inside the room. It’s possible there is a treasure box inside. It will be annoying to pass it up.」<br/>
Rex glanced at Dalel, but as expected he didn’t show any sign of giving advice.<br/>
(Has he nothing to teach us, or perhaps there is another reason……fine. Then, we’ll show results and make him recognize us.)<br/>
Rex prepared his weapon and then started moving.<br/>
The warriors with large shields went ahead, then in front of the room the members with light equipment checked inside the room. It seemed the monsters hadn’t noticed them.<br/>
The lightly equipped member signaled with his hand. Rex nodded and raised his hand where everyone could see.<br/>
The warriors with large shields rushed into the room simultaneously at the forefront, while one other warrior with a large shield stayed in position at the entrance of the room. Then just as planned one other person also stood in guard.<br/>
「Yosh, bring them down all at once!」<br/>
A male magician fired a basic magic that was called a bullet type at a goblin. When the goblin flinched, a big and sinister wasp made sounds with its wings and attacked the party.<br/>
Rex didn’t falter and blocked the wasp’s charge with his shield while his right hand held up his sword. He struck down the wasp to the ground, then without pause he stepped hard on the monster and choked the life out of it.<br/>
The other party members were also facing monsters. A goblin headed towards Dalel with unknown thinking and it was stabbed with a thrust of a spear.<br/>
(His movement is good as usual.)<br/>
After being shown the movement of a veteran that had no wasted motion, Rex immediately checked the surroundings.<br/>
The area near the entrance was quiet.<br/>
「Any monsters?」<br/>
His party member immediately replied.<br/>
「They don’t seem to be coming.」<br/>
Rex told him to continue guarding the door, then he along with his remaining comrades stripped the magic stones and materials from the monsters. And then, they confirmed the existence of a treasure box.<br/>
Rex was also looking carefully at the wall searching for a treasure box.<br/>
「There is!」<br/>
One person raised his voice happily. Rex and the others looked that way. Several branches were forming a round shape as though hiding something within their wrapping.<br/>
「You found it!」<br/>
When Rex headed that way, his comrade took out a short sword and pried open the treasure box.<br/>
「Don’t damage the inside.」<br/>
「I know already.」<br/>
Like that a leather bag came out from inside the treasure box. Its opening was tied with a string. They opened the string and checked the content.<br/>
Several gold coins and dozens of silver coins. And then a few copper coins.<br/>
It might have been the wallet of someone who entered a dungeon. But, such thing didn’t matter for Rex and the others.<br/>
「Yosh! With this we fulfilled the quota this time too.」<br/>
Rex and the others decided a certain amount as the quota that they had to earn each time they challenged the dungeon. He tightly grasped the leather bag and called the supporter who carried the luggage.<br/>
The supporter who was carrying a large rucksack on his bag had a lantern hanging from his waist. He also carried various luggage. He was an essential member who supported everyone.<br/>
「Just in case keep it in a different place from the rucksack. Don’t drop it okay?」<br/>
The supporter laughed.<br/>
「Naturally.」<br/>
The supporter didn’t participate in battle, but he was still an important comrade. Rex treated him the same like his other comrades.<br/>
The male magician called out to Rex.<br/>
「My bad. Two or three more shots are my limit. I’m also tired. Tomorrow might be too hard for me.」<br/>
Rex nodded hearing that.<br/>
「Got it. Take a rest tomorrow. Also, save your magic as much as possible. We might need to count on you when an orc comes out.」<br/>
Like that, they finished collecting magic stones and materials before taking a bit of rest. Then they immediately resumed moving to the next place──<br/>
.<br/>
The afternoon of the fifth day.<br/>
After returning to the tent, I asked Novem to guard the luggage and slept for a bit.<br/>
Actually it’s for the sake of sending my consciousness inside the Jewel, but it only looks like I’m sleeping from the view of the people around me.<br/>
The ancestors are inside the room of the round table. They are folding their arms and talking about the plan ahead──<br/>
<br/>
"Sword Wings huh. Why are feathers growing from the sword’s guard? Does it have the meaning of feathered sword or something?"<br/>
Those words that the Second said became the trigger and the topic of their talk became about the party name.<br/>
The Third raised his face slightly and thought.<br/>
"I somehow understand what you want to say. Well, it’s just a party name so isn’t it fine? Or rather, I think the name feels fresh."<br/>
The Fourth doesn’t look really interested.<br/>
"It doesn’t really matter right? I think it’s a trite name though."<br/>
The Fifth didn’t look curious, but he still expressed his own opinion.<br/>
"It feels like they’re tried too hard in thinking up the name."<br/>
As for the Sixth,<br/>
"The name is a bit too flashy, even if they called themselves Sword Wings, but with their size……also not all of them use swords, so it’s a bit…"<br/>
The Seventh snorted.<br/>
"They can’t live up to their name, what’s more they tried too hard in thinking up the name. That’s a painful name. As I thought, adventurers don’t have any good taste."<br/>
Each of them expressed their thoughts about the party name. But, the Third who said the name was fresh and the Fourth who said it was normal complained to the Seventh.<br/>
"They have no good taste? Furthermore it’s a painful name you say, what do you mean by that?"<br/>
"It’s a normal name. Is it necessary to insult it like that?"<br/>
The Seventh also didn’t draw back.<br/>
"It’s a fail. Absolutely a fail. I can’t believe it. Bluntly speaking it’s a painful name."<br/>
Because each of the ancestors lived in a different era, their thoughts also differed from each other. The Second seemed unable to understand the name. The Fifth only felt that the name is a bit out of place. The Sixth thought that the name is strange, while the Seventh declared that the name is painful and got into an argument with the Third and the Fourth.<br/>
The Sixth laughed.<br/>
"Perhaps it’ll be different if they got more famous, but at their current level the name makes it sounds like they’re putting on airs! Lyle, you be careful when thinking up your party name."<br/>
Everyone’s gaze gathered on me. But, if I can say something then the name Sword Wings……doesn’t sound that bad.<br/>
No, that’s not it! Right now isn’t the time for this kind of talk.<br/>
「Err, more importantly if everyone can tell me about the plan for the current situation……」<br/>
Everyone looked at me as though saying 「Read the atmosphere」, after that the Third opened his mouth reluctantly.<br/>
"Now then, we’ve gathered some information, so I guess it’s time to act now. Just watching like this is also boring."<br/>
The Fourth nodded.<br/>
"That’s right. At this rate we’ll go into the red, in addition this will only be a waste of time. Now then, what is everyone’s opinion?"<br/>
The Fifth opened his mouth.<br/>
"Ignore the worthless bunch that is entering the dungeon."<br/>
For the Fifth, there was no option of currying favor with the adventurer parties who are breaking the rules as they please.<br/>
The Sixth grinned.<br/>
"If you want to curry favor with someone, then do it to the rear support, what’s more do it to all of them."<br/>
The Second snapped his fingers. It seems he is also of the same opinion.<br/>
"I also agree with that opinion. Also, Lyle……let’s train your whole party to use the Arts."<br/>
The Seventh put his hand on his chin and raised the corner of his mouth.<br/>
"We have to make them realize that the people giving support from behind the scenes are far more important rather than the adventurers who are fighting. It’s troubling that there are a lot of adventurers who know no manners."<br/>
The ancestors laugh with low voices. Wickedness can even be felt from their smiles.<br/>
Is it just my imagination that they look like the bad guys? I can’t help but feel sympathy for the adventurers challenging the dungeon.<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
