<br/>
Chapter 32 – The Silver Weapon<br/>
<br/>
It’s decided that we’ll participate in the dungeon subjugation, so we started preparing for it in a great hurry under Zelphy-san’s instructions.<br/>
I who went out shipping looked at the memo while checking if there is anything that I forgot to buy.<br/>
I walked on a street with many passerby while looking at the food supply inside a brown paper bag. There are a lot of food with long preservation time like cheese and so on. I also bought various other things.<br/>
「The food should be prepared by the guild……」<br/>
Towards me who is complaining even while purchasing the items, the ancestors’ reactions varied.<br/>
The Second said that I should obey Zelphy-san’s instructions.<br/>
"You should obey the opinion of someone experienced. Or rather, there are a lot of things that even we cannot make judgment about."<br/>
Although the ancestors had experience subjugating a dungeon from the position as feudal lords, this is their first time participating as adventurers.<br/>
Because they don’t know about an adventurer’s style in this, they are obeying the instructions while observing the situation.<br/>
The Sixth seems to be irritated that we cannot gather people.<br/>
"It’s different from us who could gather people with a single order."<br/>
It seems that with their position as feudal lords, the ancestors could gather soldiers and also personnel for rear support when they proclaimed their intention to subjugate a dungeon.<br/>
I also want more people, but I have no other other than Rondo-san and his party who I can trust.<br/>
It was then, the Fifth was the only one expressing a different opinion.<br/>
"Setting that aside, shouldn’t we test "that thing"? After all we haven’t tested it since coming back because of various matters. I want to at least judge whether it’s usable or not before the dungeon subjugation."<br/>
That thing──it’s about the silver weapon that was left behind when the First vanished from inside the Jewel after finishing his role to entrust all his Arts to me, the great sword inside the room of the round table.<br/>
The ornamental part of the Jewel was made from rare metal. I don’t know what kind of metal was used and what kind of manufacturing process was applied to it, but it seems the Jewel can become a weapon.<br/>
It’s one of the things other than Arts that the First left behind for me.<br/>
The Third agreed with the Fifth’s opinion.<br/>
"Certainly that’s important. Right now Lyle is using a saber as a weapon, so he is unable to deal with hard opponents. If he can use that great sword, then it feels like you won’t have any problem with enemies to a certain degree."<br/>
I glanced at the saber hanging at my waist and fell into thought.<br/>
I thought several times about changing my weapon, but I was unable to decide no matter what. Besides, it’s also a fact it’s better to use the weapon you’re most familiar with.<br/>
In fact, I can just use magic against opponents that are resistant to a blade.<br/>
If it’s the current me who has gone through "Growth", I won’t faint in the middle of battle. ……I want to believe that I won’t.<br/>
The Fourth summarized the opinions.<br/>
"Then, perhaps it will be better to use this holiday rather than when going outside for work. Let’s invite Novem-chan and go outside."<br/>
「Invite Novem?」<br/>
I don’t understand the reason for taking Novem alone while leaving Aria-san and Sophia-san behind. If Zelphy-san came along it’s also possible to receive various advice from her.<br/>
「Is it no good to test it while coming back from work?」<br/>
Then the Seventh sighed.<br/>
"Lyle, you aren’t quick on the uptake. We’re telling you to go out alone with Novem while you’re at it. You know, something like a picnic."<br/>
It seems they are telling me to go out alone with just Novem. When I’m thinking whether there is a need to mind about such thing to that extent, the Fifth said to me──<br/>
"Never mind that, just go. Every day you are acting together with her, but this and that is different. Let’s see, today’s weather is also good, so invite her right away."<br/>
Urged by the ancestors, I finished the shopping and invited Novem to an outing.<br/>
.<br/>
I returned to the inn, placed down the baggage, and invited Novem to go outside the city.<br/>
We purchased food and drink before going outside lightly equipped. We headed to a place with good scenery near Dalien, then we sat down under a tree there and talked.<br/>
「It’s unexpected, to think Lyle-sama would invite me.」<br/>
My heart felt pained for some reason when I saw the happy looking Novem. There is no way I can say that actually it’s because I was urged by the ancestors……<br/>
「I, is that so? The weather today is good, and I also had finished with my schedule so…」<br/>
While I’m covering up with a laugh, I could hear teasing voices from inside the Jewel. Starting from the Second in turn,<br/>
"Novem-chan looks really happy. Perhaps she was actually waiting for Lyle?"<br/>
"Is Lyle the type that won’t feed the fish he has already caught?"<br/>
"Get stabbed, you damn enemy of woman."<br/>
"……That kind of attitude isn’t good at all."<br/>
"Well, we should make him learn about this too bit by bit."<br/>
"After all recently it feels like you are neglecting Novem while paying attention to Aria and Sophia."<br/>
I wasn’t particularly neglecting Novem. But, it’s a fact that I wasn’t really attentive to her because it was like we were together from morning to night everyday.<br/>
I’m reflecting inside my heart while listening to Novem talking.<br/>
「Come to think of it, how is it going recently? You know, like Aria-san and Sophia-san? Just some time ago various things happened, and it was awkward with them until recently……」<br/>
Until just recently, I couldn’t converse properly with the two of them.<br/>
Especially in regards to Aria-san, I might have made her angry because she wouldn’t even talk to me.<br/>
Recently she finally returned to usual, but sometimes I would feel there is distance between us.<br/>
Novem looked at my face and made a troubled expression.<br/>
Is there any problem that is that serious?<br/>
「Well, that’s……as expected I also cannot defend Lyle-sama in this. I think it can’t be helped that Aria-san was angry about that matter. Ah, but it’s not like she hates Lyle-sama. Aria-san and also Sophia-san are aware of Lyle-sama.」<br/>
I’m grateful even just knowing that I’m not hated.<br/>
It’s tiring to work with such awkwardness present.<br/>
The Third spoke in exasperation.<br/>
"Lyle was in the wrong for taking the meaning of "I don’t mind even if I die" in a literal sense after you told her "The moon is beautiful". We also cannot defend you in regards to that."<br/>
What was bad about it?<br/>
The ancestors won’t tell me even when I asked them.<br/>
「That’s good, I think? Well, as expected if I’m hated, then I will feel down, or something.」<br/>
The people who I got close with after coming to Dalien. Being hated by those people would feel painful for the current me.<br/>
Novem smiled.<br/>
Novem is dressed lighter and a bit more stylish than usual. Her appearance feels fresh even though the difference is only slightly from normal.<br/>
「There isn’t really any problem among us. The three of us are getting along quite well. We went out together before this, we’ve also opened up to each other more compared to at the beginning.」<br/>
It seems they have gotten along well with each other to the degree that they would go shopping together. I’m feeling relieved hearing that, but the Fifth spoke to me.<br/>
"Don’t just take the meaning of her words literally."<br/>
That sentence was somewhat filled with actual feeling.<br/>
But, it’s a good thing that the three of them are getting along well, so I’m happy.<br/>
「I see. That’s great.」<br/>
「Yes. That’s why, please don’t worry, Lyle-sama.」<br/>
We keep chatting like that, or rather Novem asked me about the plan from here on while we are talking about various things. When the instructional period in Dalien is over, the plans for the future will be important whether I like it or not.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, will we stay in Dalien for a while like this? We have some leeway monetarily, though I think with our current capability we will be able to manage even if we move to another place.」<br/>
With the exception of areas where extremely specialized skills would be necessary, we would be able to obtain considerable results everywhere we go with our current party members.<br/>
Dalien is a city that is kind to rookie adventurers. But, to put it another way, it’s also a city that is a bit lacking for adventurers that have a certain degree of strength.<br/>
I looked up to the sky while answering.<br/>
「I still haven’t decided but, I’m thinking to leave Dalien when the instructional period is over. After all it looks like Ventra-san also doesn’t want us to be here too long.」<br/>
From the view of Ventra-san, I am a troublesome person due to my status as the former heir of a Count house. He surely doesn’t want to keep me in reach forever.<br/>
Then Novem made a certain suggestion.<br/>
「In that case, I recommend going to the academy city next.」<br/>
「Academy city? ……You mean Arumsaas?」<br/>
The academy city Arumsaas is a peculiar city under the rule of the Bahnseim Kingdom. It doesn’t have a feudal lord, in addition its greatest characteristic is that it’s managing a dungeon.<br/>
As to be expected from a city that is called an academy city, an educational institution called the academy exists there.<br/>
「Eh? Are we going to enroll into the academy next?」<br/>
When I said that, Novem shook her head.<br/>
「No, as expected we don’t have the leeway financially for that. I don’t think it will be pointless, but enrolling and studying for a few years will be difficult for our finances.」<br/>
Then why? While I’m thinking that, Novem told me various things.<br/>
「The academy is famous in Arumsaas but, people also gather there for the library, private schools, dojos, and so on. There are also a lot of private schools and dojos that teach the necessary skills for adventurers, so that place is just fine to learn something while challenging the dungeon there.」<br/>
Here, the Third snapped at the word library.<br/>
"As expected the library is really appealing."<br/>
The Seventh recalled something while explaining.<br/>
"It’s unusual how it doesn’t have a feudal lord but, that place should have a strange dungeon under its management too. There are a lot of scholars there, I heard that kind of people gathered there in the past and the city they created became the academy city."<br/>
The Third who heard that said to me.<br/>
"Lyle! Let’s go to Arumsaas! I believe that surely you will be able to learn a lot of things there! If possible, let’s also consider the possibility of staying there for a long period!"<br/>
This person, he recommended Arumsaas to me just because he likes books.<br/>
The Second is a bit exasperated.<br/>
"More importantly, isn’t it better to move to a city that is in a more severe situation than Dalien?"<br/>
A city that is more severe than Dalien, that means it will be a city where adventurers will have an easier time to earn money.<br/>
I replied to Novem.<br/>
「I’ll think about it. But, Arumsaas huh……」<br/>
In my imagination, my personal impression of it is a city with many scholars, and many young nobles coming there to study.<br/>
Even if we don’t choose it as our next destination, it might not be bad to stop by there someday to look around.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, come to think of it you have one other business isn’t it?」<br/>
I suddenly remembered from Novem’s words. I stood up and tightly grasped the Jewel. I was too relaxed that I forgot my initial objective.<br/>
「That’s right. I planned to test this thing.」<br/>
Novem is looking affectionately at the Jewel I held. And then, she told me various things.<br/>
「I heard that among the rare metals there is a metal that can change shape. The ornamental part of the "Gem" that Lyle-sama has might be created from that kind of metal too.」<br/>
「Is that so? I heard that the material was presented from the Forxuz House though.」<br/>
The Seventh said something like that. He said that he asked for an ornament to be created for the Gem that was the heirloom of the Walt House using the rare metal presented from the Forxuz House.<br/>
Novem’s expression turned troubled.<br/>
「I didn’t know until that far. My apologies.」<br/>
It seems to be a matter of a really long time ago, so perhaps it can’t be helped that she doesn’t know about it.<br/>
「I think it will go fine but……」<br/>
Saying that, I walked out from under the tree and took distance from Novem. I don’t understand what will happen, so I took some distance just in case.<br/>
I grasp the Jewel with my right hand and then imagine the great sword in my mind.<br/>
When I become able to imagine the great sword that looks like the zanbatou the First left behind for me, I felt the Jewel turning hot.<br/>
The chain gets off from my neck, wraps around my right hand, and the weight of the necklace is gradually getting heavier. When I thrust my right hand in front of me, the silver metal wriggles and changes shape.<br/>
"This is, really……"<br/>
The metal amount of the necklace and the silver metal forming the shape of a great sword in front of me──they’re clearly different, even that single fact is surprising.<br/>
And then after a while, the figure of a great sword with the Jewel embedded in it appeared. Many parts of it resemble the great sword that the First used. It was exactly the same with the great sword floating inside the room of the round table of the Jewel.<br/>
I couldn’t lift it up with one hand. My left hand reached out and I lifted the great sword with both hands.<br/>
I looked up at the great sword that is shining from the sunlight hitting it. The great sword that is as tall as me looked really reliable.<br/>
「Amazing. Besides it feels familiar to my hand……hm?」<br/>
I immediately noticed an abnormality.<br/>
「Wait a second, wait a second!」<br/>
I’m tightly grasping the handle with both hands, but the great sword is starting to shake by itself. It’s getting heavier as though it’s rampaging, and then it’s sucking up mana from me.<br/>
The Second panicked.<br/>
"Oi, what’s this──"<br/>
The Third calmly instructed me.<br/>
"Lyle, dispel it right away. The situation is strange──tsu"<br/>
The great sword was trying to absorb all the magic power that I have. The voices of the ancestors are cut off.<br/>
When I was about to lower down the sword tip to the ground from being unable to endure the weight and shaking, the great sword that sucked my mana ignored me and slammed onto the ground powerfully.<br/>
The ground is gouged with terrible sound, the soil whirled up, and the ground felt shaking from the impact. I get showered with soil and become covered with mud, but I have no composure to be bothered by such thing.<br/>
「Lyle-sama!」<br/>
I could hear Novem’s voice calling out to me from afar, but at that time the great sword returns to the form of a Jewel and I collapse on top of the gouged ground.<br/>
I cannot hear the voices of the ancestors from inside the Jewel.<br/>
The silver part that is wrapped around my right hand. And then the Jewel settled on my palm. I was watching them inside my thinning consciousness. It seemed I fainted from running out of mana after so long.<br/>
「……It absorbed all the mana I had.」<br/>
The great sword that wouldn’t listen to what I told it at all was a weapon that was hard to handle even if it was powerful.<br/>
.<br/>
Evening.<br/>
When I came to myself, I was sleeping on Novem’s lap.<br/>
「Are you alright, Lyle-sama?」<br/>
The worried Novem is stroking my forehead. I’m sweaty and terribly tired. But, it’s not to the degree of being unable to stand up.<br/>
「……How long have I been out?」<br/>
The surroundings is starting to get dyed in orange. It felt like quite some time has passed. Novem smiled in relieve while answering.<br/>
「I think it’s around three hours.」<br/>
So I lost consciousness for three hours. It seemed that Novem was looking after me the whole time.<br/>
I’m feeling guilty to her.<br/>
「I was the one who invited you, and yet I made you looked after me……sorry」<br/>
When I said that, Novem shook her head. Her brown hair that looked shiny was hit by the orange light and gave me a different impression from normal.<br/>
「No, I also had fun. But, perhaps it’s better to not use that weapon too much. From what I saw, it looked like it was running wild.」<br/>
The great sword felt fitting in my hand, and it also had destructive power. However, it’s a troublesome weapon that is hard to handle and sucked all the mana I had.<br/>
I closed my eyes.<br/>
The problematic sword and the First’s figure overlapped with each other in my mind.<br/>
「It will make it easier if I can master its use though. ……I’ll try training with it for a while.」<br/>
Perhaps because my mana still hasn’t fully recovered, I couldn’t hear the voices of the ancestors from inside the Jewel.<br/>
Novem is looking worried.<br/>
「I don’t want Lyle-sama to force yourself too much though.」<br/>
I slowly lifted my upper body.<br/>
「But, I also cannot stay the same like this.」<br/>
At first I only thought that I obtained a convenient weapon, but the silver great sword was greatly problematic no matter how I looked at it. With my current self, I’ll definitely faint after using it.<br/>
I somehow stood up and took a deep breath.<br/>
I look at the place that was gouged by the great sword’s attack and nod.<br/>
「It’s no good unless I’m practice at place further in I guess.」<br/>
It seems the strength of one attack is abnormally powerful, a crater of several meters was created there. My legs are still staggering, so Novem stood up and supported me.<br/>
「Are you alright? Won’t it be better to rest a bit more?」<br/>
I shook my head.<br/>
「No, it’s fine. I’ll rest slowly after returning. I have to take a bath too.」<br/>
My whole body is dirty. When I lightly brushed my clothes, sand falls to the ground.<br/>
I’m getting supported by Novem while sighing and muttering in my heart.<br/>
Nothing is going well.<br/>
.<br/>
──The city of Dalien is bustling with the story of the newly born dungeon.<br/>
In the bar that was used by adventurers, the young adventurers who were dreaming to get rich quick were making a ruckus joyfully because they could participate in the dungeon subjugation.<br/>
Zelphy was staring at that situation with a bitter thought.<br/>
「They’re really carefree. Even though I’m having a headache because of the unexpected participation.」<br/>
Zelphy who gulped down her alcohol banged the cup on the table. Anyone who saw her could clearly see that she was in a bad mood. No one was approaching her.<br/>
But, that was only until a single middle aged adventurer who didn’t read the atmosphere came.<br/>
「What’s with you, ain’t that fine? The young should at least go that far. Those who are acting clever will decide their own limitations by themselves and won’t grow.」<br/>
The man, Dalel was laughing while saying that some recklessness was necessary. He approached Zelphy and drank alcohol together.<br/>
「Or is there any problem? He looks really capable to me though.」<br/>
It seemed that Dalel saw Lyle and got the impression that he was a capable person. That in itself was something that Zelphy was happy about.<br/>
After all the adventurer she trained was recognized.<br/>
「He also got a lot of unreliable sides to him though. And yet, he is a guy who is resolved when it’s time, so surely he got some kind of thinking for the matter this time too. But you know, I said it’s still too early.」<br/>
Zelphy wasn’t opposing the participation in the dungeon subjugation because she wanted to be mean.<br/>
The problem was, there was little information about a dungeon that hadn’t been born for long, which increased the danger. Besides, it also had a lot of differences from normal monster subjugation. There was also a necessity to act jointly with other parties. Lyle was overwhelmingly lacking in experience regarding those things.<br/>
Dalel largely opened his mouth and laughed.<br/>
「The young miss Zelphy was also someone who did a lot of reckless things in the past though. Haha~, it’s nostalgic.」<br/>
Dalel was already a veteran adventurer when Zelphy was still a rookie. At that time he possessed strength that it wouldn’t be strange even if he moved to another city.<br/>
However, Dalel didn’t leave Dalien.<br/>
「You’re like an old man talking about the past.」<br/>
When Zelphy made fun of him, Dalel gulped down his alcohol. And then he laughed again.<br/>
「That’s true. My sons have become able to support themselves and have their own families. I also have a grandson already, I too am an old geezer now.」<br/>
Zelphy’s expression turned complicated hearing that.<br/>
(You got a grandson already when you’re still 40? Even though I’ve only finally got married.)<br/>
Zelphy asked Dalel in order to change the topic.<br/>
「How long that kind of old geezer will continue to work? Even your body must already be nearing its limit right now.」<br/>
Dalel talked to Zelphy inside the noisy bar that was bustling with adventurers.<br/>
「As expected even my earnings are getting bad. You know, I talked to the guild some time ago about retiring, but then they asked me if I want to become an instructor. I instructed several groups of youngsters but, even doing that is getting damn hard now. That’s why, I’m going to retire this time.」<br/>
Dalel spoke of retirement with a grin. Zelphy ordered more alcohol and asked the continuation.<br/>
「What’s your plan after that? You’re planning to kick back and relax in your old age?」<br/>
「Yeah, the guys I’m training right now will finish taking lesson from me after the dungeon subjugation this time. That’ll be the end. When I retire, I’m thinking of becoming a soldier. An offer from the feudal lord-sama came through the guild. It will be days of guarding the gate or at a post somewhere.」<br/>
An adventurer with experience as abundant as Dalel was rare, his behavior and reputation were also good so the feudal lord planned to hire him as a soldier.<br/>
Zelphy was a bit relieved hearing that.<br/>
After all, in the world, adventurers who retired and became broke weren’t few.<br/>
「I see. Good for you.」<br/>
When she was considering treating him to alcohol for celebration, Dalel asked Zelphy.<br/>
「By the way missy, the youngsters at your place and my youngsters……who do you think are better?」<br/>
Hearing Dalel’s teasing words, Lyle and his party floated in Zelphy’s mind and she immediately answered.<br/>
「Mine I guess. They’re lacking experience but, they’re overflowing with talent that compensates enough for that and then some. There are two magicians, and one of them specializes in it, while the other is a swordsman. The other two have Arts. Everyone of them is excellent.」<br/>
Lyle and the others who only some time ago were getting teary eyed from cleaning gutters or dismantling monsters. However, recently they had become appropriate looking as adventurers.<br/>
Dalel was grinning.<br/>
「What?」<br/>
「No, at my place it’s not clear whether those guys got talent or not. But you know, I think those guys are really capable. Well, perhaps I’m also biased cause I’m the one training them until now. How about it? Do you want to bet which party will obtain better results in the next dungeon subjugation?」<br/>
Zelphy made a displeased face at Dalel’s suggestion.<br/>
(I never won any bet against this guy huh.)<br/>
Since the past, Zelphy had never won any bet against Dalel. She recalled that, but then she noticed that there was something that made her convinced that she would win against Dalel who was suggesting this.<br/>
(Well, it might be better for Lyle and the others to get a bit of painful experience. Even if I lose it’s not bad if I think of it as me treating him to commemorate his retirement.)<br/>
「That’s fine, that bet……I’ll take it.」<br/>
Like this, the competition between the adventurer party that Dalel trained and Lyle’s group was decided in the corner of the noisy bar──<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
