<br/>
Chapter 38 – Steady Advance<br/>
<br/>
The ninth day.<br/>
Novem, Aria-san, Sophia-san and I, the four of us are challenging the dungeon. Our progress can be said to be favorable.<br/>
Inside a notably large room inside the dungeon, there are a lot of monsters placed there. But we launched a surprise attack and carried out the battle in our advantage.<br/>
「Got you!」<br/>
Aria-san accelerated using her Art and circled behind the enemy. She then pierced the orc’s chest using her spear. The explosive acceleration using Art coupled with the strike that was launched from it made the orc scream and die with one attack.<br/>
Sophia-san also threw several hand axes that she brought with her.<br/>
「Over there!」<br/>
She lightened the weight using her Art when throwing, then the axe was freed from the Art’s effect and returned to its original weight. The throwing using the weight manipulation Art caused the hand axe to dig deeply into the head of a goblin.<br/>
The Third spoke a few words.<br/>
"……They have become tough."<br/>
He sounded somewhat disappointed.<br/>
Novem lifted her silver staff that was a heirloom and used magic.<br/>
「Wind Cannon!」<br/>
The insect monsters flying in the sky are swallowed by wind. Their wings and body are torn apart and blown away, causing them to fall to the ground.<br/>
The remaining monster is only a praying mantis with a size of about two meters.<br/>
「What is this thing’s name again?」<br/>
I readied two sabers on both hands and stood in front of the praying mantis.<br/>
「It’s Green Mantis.」<br/>
Novem answered me, but my focus is turned towards the monster before me. It’s trying to catch me with its two sickles. I deflected them with my sabers. Its head that has an inverted triangle shape looks really eerie.<br/>
When it moved its sickle in a big way, I rolled forward and slid under the mantis’s legs, cutting its leg with my saber. I stood up and cut its stomach part──the soft part.<br/>
The monster raised a voice that sounded like a scream. When it tried to turn around towards me, Sophia-san took out her battle axe from her back and slashed horizontally……The monster’s upper body is blown away.<br/>
I observed the surroundings cautiously, but the other monsters are already dying. There is also no other presence of monsters nearby. I stabbed my sabers into the ground and looked down on the mantis.<br/>
「Damn it. I didn’t ask Zelphy-san which part of this monster can be sold.」<br/>
Then the Second taught me.<br/>
"In my era the sickle part could be sold. Also, the magic stone is in its stomach part."<br/>
After being told that, I pretended to think before telling the other three.<br/>
「After searching the magic stone, let’s bring back only the sickle parts. We’ll confirm it with Zelphy-san later.」<br/>
Aria-san nodded.<br/>
「There is no other choice than that. Or rather, getting deeper, the monsters that we’ve never seen before appear a lot more.」<br/>
It’s a troublesome thing. After asking them to collect the magic stone and material, I walked towards the wall searching for a treasure box.<br/>
I understood its location from the start, so I discovered it without problem. I talked with a small voice so Novem and the others won’t hear.<br/>
「There’re three treasure boxes in this room. It’s really extravagant.」<br/>
When I took out the contents without harming it, there is a wallet inside. The content is filled with gold coins and silver coins.<br/>
「Yep, we’re lucky.」<br/>
The Fourth is also happy.<br/>
"This kind of cash income is nice because it doesn’t take time to convert it into money."<br/>
The Sixth sounded disappointed.<br/>
"There is no dream with cash. As expected when speaking about dungeons, it has to be treasure. The fun is in wondering how expensive it could be sold for."<br/>
I don’t understand the Sixth’s feelings. If I have to pick, then my thinking is nearer to the Fourth’s. When I thought that,<br/>
"That’s fun in its own way but, like……when counting the money one by one, it makes you want to keep them importantly inside a vault."<br/>
Sorry, I can’t understand the feeling of both sides. As I thought, the Fourth is also the Fourth.<br/>
The second treasure box is filled with a gold bullion. It made the Fourth delighted. It’s not a rare metal that emitted magic power, but gold is still exceptional.<br/>
And then, when I pried open the third treasure box, there was a gem inside emitting an indescribable radiance of yellow-green color. It’s the size of a palm, and more importantly it’s giving off a mysterious feeling. It seems different from any gem I saw until now……no, I think I’ve seen it somewhere?<br/>
<br/>
While I’m wondering, the Seventh told me what the gem is in excitement.<br/>
"As I thought Lyle has something with him. A "magic ore" this big is rarely discovered you know?"<br/>
「Magic ore? ……If I remember right, it’s used for magic tools.」<br/>
The gem that is embedded into magic tools. That’s right, this gem is the same as that. When I looked at the magic ore in my hand, it felt like I would get sucked into it.<br/>
A beautiful gem with yellow-green color.<br/>
"That’s a peridot. You got something rare there."<br/>
After the Fifth said that, I decided to put it in a different bag and brought it back carefully for now. The Seventh also told me that this one gem has a great value.<br/>
I turned around to notify the other three right away.<br/>
When I looked at the three, for some reason they are looking at the surroundings with a surprised face.<br/>
「Eh?」<br/>
Following their gaze I looked around. The sight also made me shocked. From the gaps of the wall that is made from trees, duranta flowers were growing profusely all over the place.<br/>
That’s right, flower language…….<br/>
I asked Sophia-san about the meaning of duranta in the language of flowers. Sophia-san who is entranced by the surrounding sight returned to her senses from my voice.<br/>
「Sophia-san, about duranta’s in the language of flowers──」<br/>
「Eh!? Ah, yes! In the language of flowers……it’s, it means welcome.」<br/>
Sophia-san is red faced and she cast her gaze down. I see, that was why she accepted that flower so happily like that.<br/>
I looked at the surrounding sight.<br/>
「It’s pretty. Bluish purple flowers with warm light from the ceiling……it’s a wonderful sight.」<br/>
Sophia-san said that and looked around ecstatically.<br/>
We took a break here for a while, and then we started moving to the next spot while thinking that even mysterious events like this would happen sometimes.<br/>
.<br/>
──Lyle’s party safely passed the ninth day and returned to the campsite.<br/>
What happened inside the dungeon weighed on Novem’s mind.<br/>
The duranta flowers that bloomed profusely all at once.<br/>
While she was thinking, Lyle raised a yelling voice.<br/>
「Damn it! I forgot to say it!」<br/>
He hurriedly took out a small bag from his luggage. For Novem that sight was really something that made her smile.<br/>
(Lyle-sama, really, how helpless……)<br/>
Novem smiled and approached Lyle, but her eyes opened wide seeing the gem that rolled on the table from the leather bag.<br/>
(……Why?)<br/>
Everyone other than Novem inside the tent was also shocked. Because of that, no one felt it was curious that Novem was shocked.<br/>
「What’s with this gem!」<br/>
Ralph talked loudly in shock. Zelphy swung down her fist on his head.<br/>
「Idiot, don’t make a ruckus! What’re you going to do if someone heard you? Even so, this thing……a magic ore huh. Lyle, you pulled a jackpot here. Just one of these things already definitely sends you into the black this time.」<br/>
Novem looked at the joyful Lyle while sending her gaze to the gem too.<br/>
「Err, there was a room that suddenly had flowers blooming profusely inside. I found this there. As I thought, it’s really a jackpot isn’t it.」<br/>
Aria yelled.<br/>
「You found it there!? Then tell us faster!」<br/>
Lyle was bewildered from Aria pressing him with her words.<br/>
「I got distracted at that time. I mean, sorry!」<br/>
Novem looked down.<br/>
(That room……this peridot……besides the meaning of durantas. It’s not a coincidence.)<br/>
Then Sophia opened her mouth.<br/>
「Come to think of it, a duranta flower blooming also happened on the first day we entered the dungeon isn’t it?」<br/>
Novem looked at Sophia.<br/>
(The day I wasn’t with them? What does it mean……)<br/>
Aria stared at Sophia with a bit of envy. Lyle also recalled the happening of that day while explaining.<br/>
In summary, the flower bloomed without anyone noticing. For Novem there was meaning in that.<br/>
After that everyone’s laughing voice didn’t stop. Suddenly, Sophia was moving to go outside the tent. She might have some business outside. Novem followed behind her and called out to her when there was some distance between them and everyone.<br/>
「Sophia-san.」<br/>
「Yes? Ah, Novem-san, what’s the matter?」<br/>
Sophia looked a bit happy. Thinking back, Novem recalled that Sophia looked like she had a bit of composure emotionally since the second day.<br/>
(I see, so that’s how it is.)<br/>
Novem asked Sophia about the day when a duranta flower bloomed in the dungeon. Then, Sophia answered Novem with a slightly red face.<br/>
When she finished talking, Sophia took out from her pocket the duranta flower that was put between paper.<br/>
「I’m keeping them, thinking that perhaps I’ll turn them into a pressed flower later. I know that wasn’t what Lyle-dono meant when giving me this, even so it’s still a flower that means welcome in the language of flowers. So I’m happy.」<br/>
She wasn’t clearly told that she was welcomed, even so Sophia said that she was happy. Then, Novem took that pressed flower and put it between her hands. She then used her magic.<br/>
「No, Novem-san!」<br/>
Surely Sophia was thinking that Novem would burn the flower seeing that. She tried to stop her in panic. After all, smoke was coming out from the paper between Novem’s hands.<br/>
But, when Novem opened her hands, there were the duranta flowers that had become a pressed flower beautifully there.<br/>
「A special service. Also, at the very least I’ve welcomed Sophia-san from the start, and Lyle-sama should feel the same too. Aria-san too is surely welcoming Sophia-san. Please have confidence in yourself.」<br/>
Sophia received the flowers that had become a pressed flower and her eyes turned slightly tearful.<br/>
「Tha, thank you very much.」<br/>
And then, Novem smiled at Sophia.<br/>
「Also, duranta has one more meaning in the language of flowers. It is "Watching over you".」<br/>
After Novem said that and left from that place, Sophia was unable to move from there with a bright red face.<br/>
(Yes, duranta’s meaing is "watching over you". And then, peridot is──)<br/>
When Novem arrived at a distance where Sophia would be unable to see her face, she expressionlessly put the two events together and muttered.<br/>
「……Octo, you-」<br/>
She didn’t finish her words till the end──<br/>
.<br/>
──Inside Sword Wings’ tent.<br/>
Rex was in a bad temper.<br/>
「Shit-!」<br/>
They were certainly earning money. Their exploration of the dungeon also progressed and the amount they earned also grew bigger. But, a bigger problem than that was──<br/>
「Those guys, just what are they doing to earn that much!」<br/>
Lyle’s party obviously couldn’t earn any money in the early stage. It wasn’t like they let their guard down, but when they returned on the sixth day, a banquet was suddenly held. When they asked, it was Lyle and his group who held the banquet to thank everyone including the rear support.<br/>
At first that act was made fun of, but it could be seen that day by day Lyle and his group was turning the table on them. Even when having meals, the food would be distributed to Lyle’s group first.<br/>
On the guild’s side, Santoa hating Lyle and putting off processing his procedure for the last became a problem. To make up for that, Lyle’s group was given special treatment where their processing was prioritized.<br/>
Even if someone tried something, the surroundings was all allied with Lyle’s group. They wouldn’t know where they would be seen or their conversations eavesdropped.<br/>
「At this rate we’ll lose against those guys.」<br/>
Rex looked at Dalel, but Dalel himself didn’t look particularly fixated about winning or losing.<br/>
「Dalel-san, what should we do now?」<br/>
Even that feeling of dependence of Rex was within Dalel’s expectations.<br/>
「Think of it by yourself till the end. The coaching period is also over already. You guys will have to feed yourself on your own from now on.」<br/>
Rex looked down and clenched his fist.<br/>
(Losing against that guy……who’s gonna accept that. Just how hard we have worked until now huh)<br/>
The comrades around Rex called out to him in order to calm him down. But, their voice didn’t reach Rex──<br/>
.<br/>
Night on the tenth day.<br/>
The dungeon subjugation progressed favorably, and it won’t be long before the deepest room was found.<br/>
The earning is favorable. Obtaining the magic ore also played a big part in that. However, looking at the income and expenditure, it’s hard to say that we made a lot of profit.<br/>
Thinking of the worn down equipment, and then the reward for Rondo-san’s group, how much money will remain for us…….<br/>
Night came. I worked on the account book alone and confirmed all the expenses.<br/>
I tried writing this after the Fourth told me, but looking at it like this with only large minuses written on it, it made me feel fed up.<br/>
「That old man Byron, he said that cooking tools are needed, but he didn’t need to go as far as preparing a grill for toasting bread.」<br/>
That we’re able to eat freshly baked bread is also thanks to that grill.<br/>
The Fourth laughed.<br/>
"It’s great to have burning business spirit like that. Well, we haven’t sold all the treasures so I cannot say anything for sure but, I believe we are in the black. No, we’re going to be in the black at any cost!"<br/>
The Fifth warned the Fourth who was like that.<br/>
"It’s Lyle who will sell it though. Lyle, work hard."<br/>
「……Won’t it be alright if we collect more treasure boxes?」<br/>
The Second refused my thinking.<br/>
"Don’t. If you go further than this, you will be the only one earning money and will stand out again in a bad sense. If that happens, the days you can sleep peacefully will be gone."<br/>
It’s no good even if we earned too much, I think the adjustment for that is unexpectedly difficult. It’s also possible to earn more but, the ancestors told me I mustn’t do that.<br/>
「So it’s like that.」<br/>
"It’s like that. We’re the one saying it. So there is no mistake."<br/>
My gaze turned towards a saber that has become unusable and was left behind inside the tent. I already used up two sabers until they became unusable, only four remaining that I brought here as spare.<br/>
「On another topic, as I thought……it’s no good unless I also do something about my weapon huh.」<br/>
The Second advised me. It’s a bit unusual that he doesn’t recommend his own weapon.<br/>
"It might be good to buy one with good quality. Well, your stay in Dalien will be over soon too. After that, one option is to buy it at Centralle."<br/>
Our stay in Dalien will be over soon. Hearing that made me sad for some reason.<br/>
Hawkins-san and Zelphy-san, Rondo-san and the others who we met in Dalien, we would bid farewell to them.<br/>
"Lyle, you’re feeling lonely? At that kind of time, you should have hope towards the encounters you will find in the future. Just like your meeting with that elf girl Eva, there’ll also be a lot of encounters for you."<br/>
「That’s……you’re right.」<br/>
My feeling became slightly comforted from the Third’s words.<br/>
"Besides it’s not even a final farewell for your whole life. And it looks like Aria-chan and Sophia-chan will come with you so it won’t get lonely. Yep, it won’t be lonely."<br/>
The Third’s way of saying that felt concerning somehow, but before I could ask back, Novem entered into the tent.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, it’s Hawkins-san. It seems he will return to Dalien for some time. But, if we talk to the other guild staff, I think they’ll still take care of our processing like until now.」<br/>
「Hawkins-san will be going? Why? His position is like the person in charge from the guild right?」<br/>
Novem looked hesitant to say, but she began with 「This is just my assumption but」 before continuing,<br/>
「It seems they don’t have enough personnel, so they don’t have any staff that can be entrusted with transporting the magic stones and materials. After all that Santoa-san doesn’t look like she can be entrusted with responsibility.」<br/>
It seemed that the magic stone and materials are transported to Dalien regularly. However, there is a possibility that the convoy will get attacked midway or the people transporting the items will steal from it. It must be important for the guild to assign a supervisor for the undertaking.<br/>
The Sixth said.<br/>
"That guy Hawkins also has it hard huh. Or rather, that Santoa really is just a burden."<br/>
His words are really harsh.<br/>
I’m alone with Novem inside the tent. Novem looked at me looking like she wanted to say something. The Fourth purposefully cleared his throat.<br/>
「Do you have something to talk with me?」<br/>
「No, it’s not a big matter but……Lyle-sama, have you ever felt like someone was watching you when entering the dungeon?」<br/>
I tilted my head. I was alert to my surroundings using Arts, so there shouldn’t be anything like that. No, but……now that she mentioned it, it also felt like I was getting watched but…….<br/>
Well, it must just be my imagination.<br/>
「No, I don’t think I felt anything like that?」<br/>
Novem smiled hearing my answer.<br/>
「I see. In that case it’s nothing. Then, excuse me.」<br/>
Novem went out of the tent looking a bit relieved.<br/>
.<br/>
──The evening of the twelfth day.<br/>
Santoa was procrastinating because the annoying Hawkins was gone.<br/>
「Which party is going to treat me today I wonder?」<br/>
A timid guild staff was looking at Santoa with criticizing gaze. But, Santoa didn’t even pay any attention to that. She stuffed the paperwork on the table into a file disorderly.<br/>
「Santoa-san, please check them properly.」<br/>
Santoa clicked her tongue inside her heart towards the timid staff.<br/>
(Chih, what’s with you, a mere low ranking staff is talking to me.)<br/>
「Yes~, I’m checking them~」<br/>
After she said that and spread the paperwork, the timid staff exited the tent because he still had other work remaining that he was going to do.<br/>
The amount of work for Santoa was the fewest. She was foisting her work to the other staffs.<br/>
「How annoying. Really……」<br/>
After Santoa said that in irritation, an adventurer entered. The cheerful adventurer found her and invited her to dinner.<br/>
「Santoa-chan, we’re going to have a party after this. You want to come with us?」<br/>
Santoa looked at the adventurer.<br/>
(Well, few adventurers here are decent, so let’s endure it with these guys.)<br/>
「Yes~, I’m going there now~」<br/>
Santoa left the tent together with the adventurer while acting cutely. Among the paperwork that was spread on the table, there was one paper with the plan of the Sword Wings for today written on it.<br/>
Even though the time of their return that was written there had passed, they still hadn’t returned to the campsite──<br/>
.<br/>
──Dalel rushed into the guild’s tent in panic.<br/>
「Anyone here!? Hawkins! Hah, he went to Dalien. Someone!」<br/>
When he looked around inside the tent that was dark because it was evening, there was paperwork scattered on a desk. Dalel saw that and learned that Rex and the others still hadn’t returned.<br/>
「What are those guys doing……doing this when I’m not with them……that’s right, their guild cards!」<br/>
A guild card held several characteristics. One of them was that it consisted of a pair, one was carried by the adventurer, while the other was kept by the guild. The reason was because when the adventurer died, the name that was engraved on the guild card would get scratched out with a line, informing of their death.<br/>
Dalel hurriedly checked the board where the guild cards were placed. None of the guild cards of Rex and the others had a line through their names.<br/>
「Great. They’re safe. But, at this rate……are they unable to move, or are they getting impatient and are keep going on……」<br/>
Dalel resented how Hawkins wasn’t here at this kind of time. And then he left the tent and went to pick up Rex and the others. He decided to ask for help from others. Zelphy’s face was the first one that came to mind.<br/>
He hurriedly wore his equipment, called out to the adventurers he was acquainted with, and then headed to the tent of Lyle’s group.<br/>
However, there was only Rachel and Ralph there.<br/>
「Oi, Zelphy hasn’t returned yet!?」<br/>
Seeing Dalel wearing equipment and looking anxious, Rachel explained that Zelphy and the others wouldn’t return today.<br/>
「She, she said that today she would teach the way to stay the night inside a dungeon and won’t come back. It’s because the discovery of the deepest room won’t be long now, she said. I think they’ll return tomorrow morning.」<br/>
Dalel nodded.<br/>
「Got it. When they get back, tell her that a middle-aged old man Dalel was looking for her. She will understand if you just tell her that!」<br/>
Dalel left with a run before Rachel could reply.<br/>
He hurriedly headed towards the dungeon’s entrance. His acquaintance adventurers were already waiting there for him. Dalel gave instruction to them.<br/>
Dalel explained in front of his acquaintances of his request to search for Rex and the others.<br/>
「Zelphy is inside the dungeon. Also, I think those guys are searching this area. My bad but help me with the search.」<br/>
One adventurer nodded but,<br/>
「Got it. We should help each other at this kind of time. But you know, Dalel old man. It’s night already and our number aren’t enough. The range we can search is going to be limited.」<br/>
Dalel looked at the map while…….<br/>
「I know that. But, I’ve got to find them somehow.」<br/>
The adventurers looked uneasy.<br/>
「Don’t force yourself too much okay? We’ve also called the other guys too just in case.」<br/>
「My bad. It’ll be great if it’s actually nothing though.」<br/>
(I blundered. I underestimated their anxiety……this is my responsibility)<br/>
Dalel felt responsible for Rex and the others. He decided in his heart to find them no matter what.<br/>
Like this, Dalel and the others stepped inside the dungeon with few number of people──<br/>
.<br/>
──Some time had passed since light vanished inside the dungeon. The darkness was illuminated by the light of a lantern that the supporter carried.<br/>
They had fought a lot of monsters, but more importantly than that, all of them were looking at the sight before them with their eyes opened wide.<br/>
Rex was excited seeing the gate that came into sight from the lantern’s lighting before his eyes. Trees were twisting to form the shape of a gate. If there was this kind of entrance inside the dungeon then…….<br/>
「Oi, is this the thing they called the deepest room?」<br/>
The voice of a comrade caused one person, and then one more person to get excited.<br/>
They advanced through the dark path and luckily discovered this. Originally they were rashly trying to earn income as much as possible because there weren’t many days remaining. That was all, but they arrived here and discovered the deepest room.<br/>
Rex and the others cheered.<br/>
「Discovering the deepest room means we’ll get equal split of the treasures inside if I remember right isn’t it!? We’ll get some big income with this!」<br/>
Rex yelled angrily hearing those words.<br/>
「Don’t say pathetic things like wanting to wait for the leftovers after we’ve come this far. Listen to me, everything inside here will be just for us……if we conquer the deepest room then everything will belong to us.」<br/>
Everyone looked at each other, and then they said their opinion to Rex.<br/>
「That’s just too reckless no matter what. Let’s return for now.」<br/>
「Yeah. We also have passed the return time already. If we’re careless, a search team might be formed to look for us.」<br/>
「That’s the one that’ll get us penalized right? Hey, let’s go back already.」<br/>
Rex recalled that and thought that perhaps they should return. However, Lyle’s face flashed inside his head.<br/>
「……Then, we’re going to scout inside. It’s fine if it’s just that much right?」<br/>
His comrades agreed if it was just that. The members with light equipment peeked inside from the entrance.<br/>
(Because Dalel stayed behind, this time we came with all nine members. This kind of chance won’t come again. If we don’t challenge it here, then we won’t be able to win against that guy.)<br/>
But, his two lightly equipped comrades tilted their head.<br/>
「What’s wrong?」<br/>
Both of them borrowed the lantern, and then one person carefully entered inside to check the ceiling and wall. And then, he immediately returned.<br/>
The two of them looked at each other and tilted their head in confusion.<br/>
「I’m asking you two what’s wrong!」<br/>
Rex was irritated. The two of them explained to him.<br/>
「It’s empty.」<br/>
「Ha?」<br/>
「That’s why, the room is empty. There is no trace of monsters inside at all.」<br/>
Rex put his hand on his mouth and then thought of the possibility.<br/>
(Invisible monsters? If I remember right, something like a chameleon has that kind of trait, I heard that before……no, but if it’s just that then we’ll be able to defeat it. Should we try?)<br/>
「Oi, can you check the inside using magic? It’s also possible that it’s a monster that won’t show itself.」<br/>
The magician stepped forward. He readied his staff from the entrance and launched his magic. He scattered water to the surroundings and looked around.<br/>
But, there was no reaction.<br/>
「……There is nothing.」<br/>
Everyone looked at each other.<br/>
「No way.」<br/>
「Is it because, it’s that kind of dungeon?」<br/>
「But, they said there will definitely be a strong monster inside the deepest room.」<br/>
Each of them expressed their opinion, then Rex resolved himself and rushed into the room. He ignored his comrades that called him to stop and acted, but nothing happened at all even after he was standing ready with his weapon for a while.<br/>
There wasn’t any presence of monsters inside.<br/>
「……It’s empty.」<br/>
Everyone was relieved and entered the room after Rex. A magnificent treasure box was prepared at the depths of the room. It really gave the impression that a great treasure was sleeping inside.<br/>
「Yo, you damn surprised us.」<br/>
「Could it be, the monster is walking around? Like, perhaps it left this room?」<br/>
「Now that you say that, the large lizard we met on the way here was strong.」<br/>
Everyone fearfully approached the treasure box. Everyone felt it anticlimactic and looked at the treasure box.<br/>
Rex held hope towards the treasure in the deepest room.<br/>
「It seems this dungeon is really profitable, so the treasure in the deepest room will surely be valuable too. Getting our hopes up at this is──」<br/>
When his hand reached out, Dalel’s voice came from behind.<br/>
「Don’t you touch that!」<br/>
The figures of other adventurers could be seen behind Dalel who rushed into the room. But, they were slower than Dalel.<br/>
Rex’s reaching out hand touched the treasure box for an instant, then as though the dungeon had been waiting for that, trees immediately grew up from the entrance’s ground to block the room’s entrance. Dalel just barely made it to leap into the room, but the other adventurers didn’t make it in time.<br/>
「……Eh?」<br/>
The treasure box crumbled, and then the ground shook. Dalel readied his spear and then gave instructions to everyone.<br/>
「Get ready! That thing is a trap. Shit-, I got a bad feeling.」<br/>
After Dalel said that, he felt the presence of something rising from right below and moved from that spot. Right after that, what appeared from underground was a wriggling something with its large mouth opened……it was a monster with length that surpassed ten meters. It had no eyes or ears. It only had a mouth on its body.<br/>
It had a black body with white spots on it. And then there were sharp fangs lining up inside its mouth like forming rings. It wouldn’t just bite, the fangs would rotate to grind its victims. The teeth that were lined up in many layers like that looked really eerie.<br/>
Dalel was sweating coldly.<br/>
「So it’s a giant worm. Haa, because it’s my last time I wore metal armor to put on airs, but I shouldn’t have done that. This armor is meaningless against that thing, it’s heavy and weighs me down……. You guys, don’t stop moving! This thing is a troublesome monster that moves under the ground!」<br/>
Everyone readied their weapons. Dalel yelled to assure them.<br/>
「We’re locked but don’t worry. The outside has been informed. Calmly hold out here and wait until help comes. Perhaps we’ll even be able to defeat it and return to the camp in triumph!」<br/>
Dalel’s voice resounded inside the room──<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
