<br/>
Chapter 42 – Promise<br/>
<br/>
──Rondo’s party got down from the connecting coach and then they were traveling through a highway by foot towards a city where they would ride the next connecting coach.<br/>
「The transportation’s convenience is bad as expected.」<br/>
Ralph was carrying his new spear on his shoulder. He wore his favorite gauntlet and whined while walking under the clear blue sky.<br/>
Rachel was walking while also carrying her new staff.<br/>
「It’s the country’s border, what are you going to do if the transportation’s convenience is good? The travel at the border has limitations on it.」<br/>
It would be a disaster if an enemy army invaded. It was thought that was the reason why there was no path for connecting coaches at the area.<br/>
Rondo corrected Rachel’s mistake. But he put effort to choose his words gently so that he wouldn’t anger her.<br/>
「Orlan is using money to maintain the border, so perhaps they can’t spare the money for this. Well, let’s just ask about it when we arrived at Orlan.」<br/>
They were talking like that while walking. Then they saw a cloud of dust before them. The ground was dry from the sun’s illumination, so it was easy for the sand to flutter up.<br/>
「A horse coach is coming. Let’s move aside.」<br/>
Then Ralph whistled seeing the approaching group.<br/>
「They look really extravagant. Are they nobles? Quite the number they’re traveling with.」<br/>
Seeing that the other party was a noble, he moved out of the road so that they wouldn’t carelessly provoke them.<br/>
「Don’t stare too much. Come on you two, let’s move out of the road.」<br/>
When the horse coach got near, Rondo was surprised seeing the number of horses, the number of knights around the group, the horse carriages following from behind, and the number of soldiers.<br/>
(The guard is really heavy. Also, with this scale are they a Count house?)<br/>
Rondo too originally came from a noble house, so he was more knowledgeable in this area than the other two. Although, Rondo himself thought that the difference between his house and a Count house was like earth and sky.<br/>
They were waiting for the noble group to run past them like that , but the coach stopped after it passed Rondo’s group for a bit.<br/>
(What?)<br/>
The group was coming from the south. From inside that extravagant horse coach, a single girl was getting down with the help of a knight who offered her his hand.<br/>
She had blonde hair, blue eyes, and a ribbon tied on her hair. She was wearing a coat on top of a white dress. Her appearance looked sweltering under the blazing sun.<br/>
However, when he saw that girl, the air felt cold even under this blazing sun.<br/>
(What? Just what the hell!?)<br/>
Rondo didn’t notice the shaking of his hands. The girl was walking towards Rondo’s group.<br/>
The girl was looking at Rondo with a smile. She didn’t even glance at Ralph and Rachel.<br/>
「Hey, you there. You have really lovely eyes.」<br/>
Rondo couldn’t respond to the girl’s words.<br/>
「Eh, ah……」<br/>
Then the knight standing beside the girl glared at Rondo.<br/>
「You bastard, Celes-sama is addressing you. If you don’t reply──」<br/>
「Alfred, stay back. It’s pitiful how he is shaking like that.」<br/>
「Yes!」<br/>
The knight was told off by the girl called Celes and took off his hand from the handle of his sword. If he wasn’t told like that he might have already slashed at Rondo.<br/>
Rondo had only noticed now that he was shaking after that.<br/>
Rachel was looking at Rondo anxiously.<br/>
「What’s wrong Rondo?」<br/>
Ralph also didn’t look scared.<br/>
「O, oi. Just what’s with you man?」<br/>
It seemed they didn’t think anything about this situation. But, Rondo was sensing a danger with sharper instinct than Ralph.<br/>
The girl put her right hand on her chest.<br/>
「I am Celes. Celes Walt. I’m taking a liking to you. That’s why, I’ll let you become my pet.」<br/>
Rondo didn’t understand what the girl before him was saying.<br/>
「Wha, what are you……」<br/>
Celes made a puzzled face. Rather than feeling surprised, her face was looking curious. And then, Celes put her index finger on her lips.<br/>
Rondo was unable to take off his gaze from those lips. It was as though he was going to be sucked in.<br/>
「My? This person, could it be he is resisting? Right, there aren’t many people like this but they appear sometimes. The Circry sisters before this were also like this. I took a liking to the girl named Miranda but……wait, I guess it’s unrelated to you.」<br/>
Celes said that and smiled, then she touched Rondo’s face. His lover Rachel yelled 「Wait!」, but Celes didn’t pay her any mind.<br/>
「Many of the children who don’t get charmed right away have excellent quality. I like you. I’ll let you stay by my side.」<br/>
Rondo felt terror at those words. He felt surprised at his feeling that thought Celes as beautiful and wanted to kneel before her…….<br/>
(No good. This is no good! I promised……right, the promise!)<br/>
He recalled his promise with Lyle. It was the dream of the three of them to become first class adventurers.<br/>
Rondo slowly pushed back Celes’s hand and opened his mouth.<br/>
「Please allow me to refuse. We……have things to do.」<br/>
Then the smile vanished from Celes’s expression.<br/>
「……I see. You won’t become mine. Then that’s fine, disappear.」<br/>
Right after that, the knight standing beside Celes unsheathed his sword. Ralph thrust his spear towards that knight.<br/>
「Rondo, take Rachel and run!」<br/>
「Ralph!」<br/>
Rondo unsheathed his sword in panic, but the next instant his right arm was cut off. In his surprise, he saw Celes in front of him was already holding an expensive looking rapier. The cut off right arm was hacked apart, and even the sword that had just gotten reforged was easily cut to pieces.<br/>
「What, you’re weak. My expectation was wrong.」<br/>
She said that and lost interest, then she looked at Rachel who was running towards Rondo and swung her rapier. Even though Rachel wasn’t in the strike range, her staff was cut and blood spurted out from her body.<br/>
Rondo screamed while running towards her, then he hugged her body.<br/>
「Rachel!」<br/>
A lot of blood was flowing out. The dry ground was sucking Rachel’s blood. Rachel’s left hand grabbed Rondo’s clothes. Her finger was wearing a ring that they found in the dungeon.<br/>
「E, eh……Rondo, I……can’t feel my strength. I can’t see……Rondo, where are you? Hey, I’m……scared」<br/>
Rachel vomited blood from her mouth. The blood overflowing from her chest wouldn’t stop. Rondo hugged Rachel’s body while looking at Ralph.<br/>
「A, aa……」<br/>
Ralph was floating in the air while struggling. It was as though he was being lifted up by something unseen……and then, his chest was stabbed by the knight’s saber. Ralph vomited blood and struggled, but before long he let go of his spear midair and stopped resisting. His body didn’t move anymore. After that Ralph was sent flying and rolled on the ground.<br/>
The knight called Alfred looked down on Ralph and muttered.<br/>
「Small fry. How dare you waste Celes-sama’s time.」<br/>
Celes smiled kindly. She was smiling in this situation.<br/>
「It’s alright Alfred. More importantly let’s get back to the coach. It’ll be a problem if we let Otou-sama and Okaa-sama wait.」<br/>
「Yes-!」<br/>
The two of them turned their backs to Rondo and the others and walked towards the horse coach.<br/>
Rachel died in his hands. Ralph had also stopped moving. Rondo slowly put Rachel down, and then he drew out his dagger with his left hand.<br/>
「You all……YOU ALLLLLLL!!」<br/>
Rondo dashed. Alfred turned towards him and drew out his saber, but Celes stopped him.<br/>
Celes turned around and smiled at Rondo. It was a really ugly smile.<br/>
Right after that, Celes’s right hand held her rapier. And then, her left hand held the dagger that Rondo unsheathed.<br/>
「Wha-!」<br/>
‘What happened?’ Before he could think that, Rondo fell on the ground.<br/>
「Hm~, this dagger has an Art engraved. Perhaps I should carry this for a reward.」<br/>
The collapsed Rondo looked up at Celes and Alfred. But, the two of them already lost interest in him.<br/>
「If it is within Celes-sama’s hand, then even a random pebble will become a priceless heirloom.」<br/>
Celes got into a good mood hearing that.<br/>
「Is that so? Then, I’ll give this to Alfred.」<br/>
Alfred was really happy his face looked like he really was going to cry. He kneeled on the ground and received the dagger with both hands. The surrounding people watched that with a really envious look.<br/>
It was an absurd scene. The people around them were only watching that quietly. An abnormal sight was happening in that place.<br/>
「My deepest gratitude! This Alfred Virden swears my eternal loyalty to Celes-sama.」<br/>
Hearing that, Celes cutely got angry as though to say ‘That’s troubling!’.<br/>
「Geez! What will you do about Otou-sama and Okaa-sama!? I’ll take it back if you’re saying such thing.」<br/>
She was a cruel girl. However she seemed to have strong emotional attachment towards her parents.<br/>
「My, my apologies. Of course, this self is devoted to the Walt House.」<br/>
Celes nodded with a smile.<br/>
「Very good. Now, I have to get back to the coach. Otou-sama and Okaa-sama are looking over here worriedly.」<br/>
Celes said that and got into the coach, then the group resumed their travel as though nothing had happened. The collapsed Rondo and the others were covered by the cloud of dust.<br/>
After the group left, Rondo noticed that he had lost both his hands without him noticing. Blood was flowing out. He was already beyond saving.<br/>
He crawled on the ground towards Rachel, then he bit on Rachel’s clothes and dragged her until they reached Ralph.<br/>
He shed his tears. And then he looked at his important comrades who were bleeding and had passed away.<br/>
「Rachel, Ralph……sorry. I’m sorry. To end in this kind of place……I’m really sorry」<br/>
The consciousness of Rondo who was apologizing to the two was also getting faint. The three of them were lying down on the side of the road, lying on top of each other.<br/>
Rondo squeezed out his voice.<br/>
「Tou-san, Kaa-san, Nii-san……looks like this is it for me. Even though I talked impudently and left the house, I’m sorry」<br/>
Like that Rondo thought back about Lyle at the end.<br/>
「The promise with Lyle-kun……I can’t fulfill it」<br/>
Rondo closed his eyes, and then he took his last deep breath and stopped moving.<br/>
Here, a party lost their lives abruptly──<br/>
.<br/>
Before departing from Dalien.<br/>
For some reason I suddenly feel lonely. Surely it’s because the day we’re leaving Dalien is drawing near.<br/>
I have finished my farewells with almost all the people we became obliged to during our time here. I visited the mansion of Ventra-san last and talked with him.<br/>
One of the reasons of me coming here is also because he told me to turn up here through Zelphy-san. It seems he wants to make a deal with me. When I talked with Ventra-san, the topic about rare metal came up just as expected.<br/>
「I have heard, Lyle-dono. It seems you have a considerable amount of rare metal remaining in your possession.」<br/>
A part of it was taken away by the guild and bought with a reduced price, so I don’t have that much on hand. There was also the reward for Rondo-san and his party and payment for supplies, so I only have a little remaining in my possession.<br/>
「We got too reckless and the rare metals got bought with reduced price though. And this time I teamed up with another party, so I also needed to give the reward for them. Because of that the remaining amount in my possession is only a little.」<br/>
I’m also thinking to order a saber when we stopped by at Centralle. I’m keeping some rare metal in my possession for that, but Ventra-san said that he wanted to buy them.<br/>
「I’m fine with the amount remaining in your possession. I want you to sell them to me. Don’t worry, I won’t reduce the price like the guild.」<br/>
He told me the price. I pretended to think for a bit.<br/>
The Fourth didn’t mind with the price.<br/>
"It’s pointless to quarrel with him here. Besides, Lyle cannot use magic tools. In that case, there is no need to force yourself to get fixated with rare metals."<br/>
Thinking that it’s true, I decided to accept the price and sold the rare metal. Ventra-san’s retainer will come to my place later to pick up the rare metal.<br/>
Even so, the amount of money that Ventra-san paid me is a lot. It’s too much.<br/>
「……Err, what’s with this amount? It doesn’t seem balanced with the amount of rare metal that I have.」<br/>
Ventra-san grinned even while the color of his gaze became slightly stern.<br/>
「Actually, I’m feeling a bit irritated with the guild’s work this time. The Rodornia House’s policy is to gather adventurers to use them as a labor force. There are a lot of necessary things that rely on the like the improvement of public order and the like, but……the guild’s cooperation is also essential.」<br/>
The Sixth said 「I see」.<br/>
"The attitude of that girl Santoa, if they’re careless then it will become a rumor that adventurers are made light of here. That won’t be a good thing."<br/>
Ventra-san drank tea while continuing his talk like he is gossiping.<br/>
「And yet the guild made a blunder and blamed it all on Lyle-dono. In my position I can’t pretend to not see that. That’s why, the part that the guild took away with made up reason and the part they bought with a reduced price, I’ll buy them from Lyle-dono.」<br/>
It seems that this amount is to replace the part that was taken away from us.<br/>
「That’s really lavish of you Ventra-san.」<br/>
Ventra-san laughed.<br/>
「Yes, I’m feeling good after all. Actually, a branch of the Dalien guild is formed in a place that is hard to reach because of the territory’s circumstance. It had been a problem for quite some time, but it has been resolved which gave me a good mood.」<br/>
When I asked for more details, it’s a place in Ventra-san’s territory that is some distance away from the city. It seems to be a rural area that is late in getting developed. Apparently a "branch" of the Dalien adventurer guild was set up there. It’s hard to dispatch knights or soldiers to that place and many monsters appear there.<br/>
「In that case, setting up a guild there right from the start instead of just a branch will be──」<br/>
The Fifth laughed slightly at my words.<br/>
"Lyle, in this case you should think that there is meaning in the place being a branch of Dalien’s guild. Let’s see, that place sounds like a destination for demotion."<br/>
I noticed and then I mentioned a name of a guild staff.<br/>
「──Is it Santoa-san?」<br/>
Ventra-san nodded.<br/>
「You’re sharp. But, it’s not just that Maie girl alone, but her parent too. Apparently because the parent was one of the guild’s top brass, the daughter was doing whatever she pleased. Even though I had firmly told them about my policy and worked hard doing various things in order to gather beginner adventurers……don’t you think it’s terrible of them to waste my effort like that? But, it seems that the two of them will be happily working in that branch together from now on. It’s really a happy matter.」<br/>
The Third sounded delighted.<br/>
"It’s his way to show the guild who is the boss here by making them an example. Perhaps those Maie parent and child are experiencing something even more horrible there than what we are imagining."<br/>
This is a punishment for Santoa-san. No, perhaps it’s directed to the guild.<br/>
I stood up.<br/>
「I have received the payment. I will hand over the remaining rare metal immediately.」<br/>
「Please do so.」<br/>
.<br/>
At the terminal of the connecting coach towards Centralle from Dalien.<br/>
Hawkins-san and Zelphy-san came to see us off leaving Dalien.<br/>
The female shopkeeper and her husband the blacksmith has work and cannot come. They were really sad hearing that Novem is leaving Dalien.<br/>
Other than them, the owner of the inn we were staying at told us to do our best. It’s now that I can keenly feel we had met various encounters, big and small.<br/>
Zelphy-san is talking with Aria-san.<br/>
「Listen well, you mustn’t be too reckless.」<br/>
「Zelphy, you worry too much.」<br/>
Novem and Sophia-san are talking with Hawkins-san. As for me, I’m putting our luggage in order and then what’s left is only to wait for the departure time.<br/>
Inside the Jewel the Second said「There’s a guest」, so I looked at the approaching person. There, Rex-san and someone who seemed to be a supporter from Sword Wings were standing.<br/>
Their faces are bruised all over. They looked even worse than the time we saved them at the dungeon.<br/>
「……Lyle.」<br/>
「Ye, yes. Err, what is it?」<br/>
I who am addressed by Rex-san is wondering what he will say. Then he suddenly bowed his head to me.<br/>
「I haven’t said my thanks for getting saved. Also, I came to apologize. Sorry to cause trouble for you. Also, thank you for saving us.」<br/>
The supporter also said his thanks to me.<br/>
Strange. There should be one other person. Thinking so my gaze wandered around. Rex-san seems to notice that and smiled a bit sadly.<br/>
「The other one retired from being an adventurer. It seems he will settle down in Dalien.」<br/>
Retiring as an adventurer. Hearing that, I don’t know what to say.<br/>
Rex-san looked understanding.<br/>
「It’s our own problem so don’t mind it. Besides, we have talked it out and understood each other. But, we’re still adventurers. There are only two of us left but, we will start over.」<br/>
It felt like he has turned somewhat mellow compared to when I first met him. Then, Rex-san declared to me.<br/>
「You’re going to Beim too right? Then, I will also go there without fail. Right now I’m really falling behind but, I’ll catch up with you no matter what. Let me say my thanks to you again at that time. Right now we’re in a really tight spot though.」<br/>
The two of them really looked battered.<br/>
It’s not like I was expecting any thanks, even so I think saying this to these two right now will be good.<br/>
「Then, I’ll be waiting. Let’s meet at Beim.」<br/>
Rex-san smiled with his wounded face.<br/>
「Yeah, absolutely. At that time I’ll treat you to a drink.」<br/>
With this I’ve made promises to two parties, with Rondo-san and Rex-san. I muttered「I’ve to do my best」 with a small voice and boarded the connecting coach with destination to Centralle in order to fulfill these promises.<br/>
.<br/>
Inside the connecting coach that departed from Dalien.<br/>
I’m looking outside the window in a daze. Aria-san and Sophia-san are talking inside the coach about various things.<br/>
Sophia-san is a bit nervous.<br/>
「It will be my first time in Centralle……」<br/>
Centralle is also the birthplace of Aria-san, but she looked conflicted.<br/>
「In my case, I have acquaintances there. I don’t want to get seen by them. I don’t know what they’ll say to me.」<br/>
Novem looked at me.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, are we going to head to Arumsaas immediately?」<br/>
I thought for a bit and shook my head.<br/>
「I want to look around for weapons and other things. Besides there is also a place I want to stop by for a bit.」<br/>
「A place to stop by? Is there a place that Lyle-sama is curious about?」<br/>
When we headed to Dalien, we only stopped by for a bit at Centralle. Novem must never have even imagined that I’ll have a place I want to visit there.<br/>
The Seventh seems to notice my thinking and told me to not have too big expectations.<br/>
"Lyle, don’t expect too much. Although both houses were originally the same Walt House, right now we are two different houses. They weren’t a decent bunch even in my time."<br/>
The place that I want to visit is the house that was the beginning of our feudal lord house──the main Walt House that was a capital noble.<br/>
「Centralle’s Walt House. They still exist right?」<br/>
Novem’s expression distorted. She looked like she really didn’t want to get involved with them.<br/>
「Yes. But, the relationship between both houses has been severed since a really long time ago. Besides, I heard that they once acted like a beggar towards the previous head Brod-sama. Lyle-sama shouldn’t get involved with them.」<br/>
Acted like a beggar? Then the Seventh explained to me.<br/>
"It was because I was an adviser of the royal family. They contacted me hoping to receive some benefit from that, but the Walt House of Centralle at that time, they were of the lowest rank and didn’t have any post……they were nobles in name only that didn’t even have any job."<br/>
I recalled that the Seventh was an adviser to the royal family. It seemed that they hoped to make use of that connection.<br/>
「Even so, I want to have a look.」<br/>
Just how much has the scenery of Centralle that I watched with the First changed? I just wanted to walk through the place I saw in the memory room.<br/>
「Is it no good?」<br/>
Novem made a slightly troubled look, and then she nodded reluctantly.<br/>
「If that is what Lyle-sama wishes.」<br/>
I’m relieved that Novem gave me permission. Because if she opposed me strongly, I’m not going to ignore her and still go there.<br/>
Rather than saying that I’m curious of the Walt House of Centralle, I simply want to know what has changed in that place that I walked together with the First.<br/>
.<br/>
We arrived the next day.<br/>
I stood stock still in front of the house that I saw in the First’s memory room.<br/>
Even if I downplay it, I can only call the house as worn-out. The garden isn’t tended too with weeds growing everywhere. The wall is cracked. I will believe it if I’m told that no one is living here.<br/>
「It’s worse than my imagination.」<br/>
Novem is looking at me in exasperation. No, she isn’t even trying to hide her disgust. Because of that her tone is stricter than usual.<br/>
「That’s why I told you. It’s laughable to even compare this house with the feudal lord house Walt House. After all it’s a house that never received any post no matter how much time passed, a house that cannot even be called a noble and is simply existing pointlessly.」<br/>
The Second is a bit troubled.<br/>
"It’s rare that Novem-chan is emotional like this. Well, certainly I also don’t have any good memories about them even in my era."<br/>
Certainly, it’s rare that Novem is showing disgust so much like this.<br/>
As expected we can’t keep making noise at the entrance like this. We moved away from there.<br/>
I thought that perhaps I would be able to meet with someone from Centralle’s Walt House, but it looks like it’s better to not meet them at all.<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
