<br/>
Chapter 51 – Formidable Enemy<br/>
<br/>
Floor B39.<br/>
I finished my scouting, then I talked with Clara-san regarding the countermeasure against the boss while glancing at one other participant.<br/>
「Why is Professor Damian also joining the talk?」<br/>
Professor Damian’s eyes looking brighter than usual.<br/>
「Because I’m curious. I feel really excited when I’m curious, or rather doesn’t it make you want to thrust your face into it?」<br/>
I thought that it wouldn’t be interesting even if he participated in this talk, but I returned my gaze from Professor Damian back to Clara-san.<br/>
Clara-san looked a bit exasperated for some reason. She asked me with her sleepy looking eyes.<br/>
「Lyle-san, I’m happy that you’re relying on my knowledge but, don’t you think that you should discuss it with the others too?」<br/>
「Eh, why? Because, Clara-san is the most knowledgeable after all.」<br/>
Clara-san slightly looked down and muttered「Is that so」 with a slightly disappointed look. Did I do something wrong? The Fourth inside the Jewel was also showing a similar reaction.<br/>
"It will sound good if you call it knowing the strong and weak points of your comrades. You can also call it lending your ear to the opinion of the local people. But……this is a problem."<br/>
The Second was worried for me.<br/>
"You will commit a great failure at this rate you know? Especially in regards to your relationship with your comrades."<br/>
Clara-san opened her mouth while I was unable to understand what they were saying.<br/>
「The boss of floor B40. How much do you know about it?」<br/>
I honestly answered.<br/>
「I read about it in the past record at the library.」<br/>
Although I knew what kind of monster the boss was, in the record of how to defeat it there was only the fighting method of a party that was in a scale of dozens of people. The method to defeat it with several people wasn’t written down, so I was consulting Clara-san like this.<br/>
「……A spider clad in armor. That’s the boss of floor B40. It’s hiding its own weak part with an armor that is like a metal box. I, too, have never fought it directly but, I read in a book that it’s a really ruthless monster.」<br/>
Professor Damian was looking delighted.<br/>
「So it’s something like a hermit crab. Didn’t it cause great damage when it was subjugated previously?」<br/>
Clara-san nodded, and then she talked about the basic way to defeat it.<br/>
「It seems that it will run around using not only the floor, but even the walls and ceiling inside the room. It has a part that is like a human’s upper body, it’s a type of enemy that uses its head quite a bit. It will run around the room as it pleases and start aiming from the weak enemies. If we group up in one place, it will use string to make us unable to move, so the basic is to disperse. There is a record left behind of intentionally making a bait for it to aim at.」<br/>
To be more exact, in that method the rear support team members were gathered into one team with several adventurers protecting them.<br/>
When the boss aimed at the bait, the other adventurers would attack it. In that case, it would be necessary to aim at its feet as much as possible to shave its mobility. When it became unable to move quickly, the common way was to surround and beat it up. That was the common way, or rather other ways than that had never been tested.<br/>
「Our party has few people so another method will be better.」<br/>
Professor Damian looked at Clara-san.<br/>
「Isn’t it fine to make me or her into bait? We will be protected by the puppets so it will be fine.」<br/>
「No, if the boss saw the puppets protecting you two, I feel like the boss will stop targeting the two of you. But this is troublesome.」<br/>
Was the boss of Arumsaas’s underground dungeon troublesome? Or were other dungeons also the same? I, who still had little experience, couldn’t judge it. However, there was only one idea that came to mind──<br/>
「Should I run away to the passage again?」<br/>
Professor Damian nodded.<br/>
「That’s not a bad idea. More importantly, have you checked if it could get outside with the size of its armor? It’s a metal box right?」<br/>
I only estimated with my eyes, but I got the feeling that it would be able to enter the passage with that size. Besides, I didn’t think that it would be able to move around well. It should be limited in changing direction.<br/>
「It can pass into the passage and there its movement will be limited too. It will be advantageous for us.」<br/>
Clara-san averted her gaze from us and complained with a mumbling voice.<br/>
「Normally it will be a more different way of fighting though. How can you think of this kind of method that is novel, or rather a method that isn’t a frontal attack like this? From my view it’s really envious.」<br/>
From my perspective, it was an idea from a bunch of people with bad personality so I couldn’t say anything back.<br/>
When I was thinking that, the Third seemed to feel something and complained to me.<br/>
"Lyle, just now, did you think of us as having bad personality or something? It’s coming out on your face you know."<br/>
The Sixth was also making a faked sad voice.<br/>
"That’s upsetting. Even though we are suggesting that while thinking for your sake"<br/>
Then, don’t make me do something like being the bait!<br/>
However, the Sixth immediately changed his attitude and laughed.<br/>
"Well, putting that aside, that’s not a bad strategy. Rather, I can’t help but question why didn’t we reach the same answer. Fighting an opponent in a situation that is advantageous for him is stupid."<br/>
First, what was about the concept of running away even though you were trying to defeat the opponent? Besides, it was a fact that the act of luring also needed a certain amount of skill.<br/>
If the bait was careless, they would easily die after all.<br/>
Then, the Second was──<br/>
"Well, fundamentally all feudal lordd have bad personalities."<br/>
The Seventh also affirmed that.<br/>
"That’s right. I’m also of the same opinion as that. Rather, what’s bad with having a bad personality!"<br/>
The ancestors inside the Jewel started laughing hearing the Seventh’s words.<br/>
I didn’t understand the sense of humor of these people. Or rather, just what was funny?<br/>
I concluded the talk.<br/>
「Then, this time I’ll lure it into the passage again. In that case, I’ll enter inside──」<br/>
.<br/>
──Novem was preparing dinner while watching Lyle and the others.<br/>
Lyle and Clara, and Damian who joined from the middle were formulating a plan among the three of them.<br/>
(He is ignoring us again.)<br/>
Certainly it wasn’t wrong to consult with Clara and Damian. Damian also seemed to be smart when it came to something that interested him.<br/>
Clara was inferior compared to Damian, but due to her love of book she possessed abundant knowledge. In addition she was a local adventurer. She possessed the necessary knowledge and also knew Arumsaas’s underground dungeon well.<br/>
It wasn’t wrong to consult those two, but the problem was the emotion of Lyle’s comrades like Novem who were left out of it.<br/>
When she glanced aside, she could see Aria and Sophia who were looking dissatisfied.<br/>
(It only feels like we are left out because you don’t rely on us, Lyle-sama)<br/>
Then Miranda approached the two of them who were like that.<br/>
Novem averted her gaze and only focused on listening. She made a show to Miranda as though she was only focusing on the cooking.<br/>
Then──<br/>
「Eh? Is that okay?」<br/>
「It’s okay. In exchange, do your best tomorrow.」<br/>
「But, having you substituting for us so often like this is……Aria too, you should refuse.」<br/>
「But you know, we don’t have any place to be useful except in something like this. That’s why, please just agree. Okay?」<br/>
──Miranda was telling them that she would take over their work.<br/>
Before long Miranda who had cajoled the two of them came to Novem’s location.<br/>
「I’ll help. It’s hard doing it alone right?」<br/>
Novem nodded while smiling.<br/>
「Then, please do.」<br/>
Miranda helped with the cooking. Looking at her familiar movements, it could be seen that she was often doing the housework. But, Miranda didn’t say even a word about her coming here to help in the place of those two.<br/>
(I must be overthinking it. But……)<br/>
It was suspicious. Inside Novem, her wariness towards Miranda was growing bigger──<br/>
.<br/>
Night. Novem reported to me before sleeping.<br/>
「Miranda-san was?」<br/>
I asked back with a small voice and turned my gaze towards Miranda-san who was sleeping with a blanket wrapping her body at the other side of the room. Novem expressly called me to talk at a distance. Since she started talking, I realized that Novem was really wary towards Miranda-san.<br/>
「Yes. I think that I’m overthinking it, but it’s staying in my mind no matter what. She is cooperating with us for our sake but……」<br/>
The way she said it was inarticulate but, I immediately thought of something.<br/>
(Shannon-chan──is the effect of her mystic eye coming out here?)<br/>
The Sixth advised me.<br/>
"I’m not so sure that those two becoming strangely lax is completely Miranda’s fault. But, there is still a possibility of her setting up something."<br/>
There was also the possibility of Shannon-chan giving Miranda-san some kind of order. From how they looked like in the hospital room, I could also feel that the mind control on Miranda-san had progressed quite far.<br/>
「So it was too late even if I separated the two of them physically……」<br/>
「Lyle-sama?」<br/>
Novem didn’t miss my low murmur and looked at my face. I couldn’t give an explanation to Novem who didn’t know about the matter of the mystic eye, so I shook my head.<br/>
Besides, it was better that she didn’t know. I didn’t want Novem to know anything about the matter of taking away a girl’s sight.<br/>
「It’s nothing. I’ll also be on my guard, so Novem too, be careful.」<br/>
Novem who was looking at my face slightly narrowed her eyes. She looked like she had noticed something.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, could it be you know something?」<br/>
The Second whistled inside the Jewel.<br/>
"Novem-chan is really sharp. But, it’s better that she doesn’t know about it."<br/>
The Third also seemed to think that it was better to not discuss this matter with Novem.<br/>
"Girl is sharp after all. But, just this time let’s have her be patient of being kept out of the loop. Besides, Aria-chan and Sophia-chan are also the same. It’s better for these three to not get involved in this matter."<br/>
The Fifth also agreed.<br/>
"Yeah. This is the Walt House’s problem."<br/>
I answered with a light tone jokingly.<br/>
「I remember doing something that would justify her going as far as taking revenge on me after all. …….I’m just joking, don’t glare at me.」<br/>
Novem couldn’t accept it as a joke and turned a serious gaze to me. I averted my gaze and scratched my cheek.<br/>
「I will also be on my guard. Besides, perhaps she really doesn’t have any bad intention right? She also has cooperated with us until this far.」<br/>
Novem seemed to know that too. She nodded at my opinion.<br/>
The Fourth was surprised inside the Jewel.<br/>
"Even so, it’s actually Miranda who turned those two to become no good? Certainly, if she told them that she will take care of their work then……I can understand how it is now, but what is the meaning of her doing that?"<br/>
The Seventh raised a conjecture.<br/>
"Perhaps rather than directly aiming at Lyle, she is trying to break up Lyle’s party indirectly? Her personality is unexpectedly nasty."<br/>
A loud sound resounded. It seemed the Sixth hit the table.<br/>
"There is no way Miranda who inherited Milleia’s character will do something like that! You should also know how Milleia is!"<br/>
The Seventh looked bewildered while answering.<br/>
"No, there is also the possibility of her getting manipulated by Shannon, besides aunt Milleia’s personality is also, that……"<br/>
The Seventh talked evasively. The Fifth unusually became the one who calmed down the place.<br/>
"In any case, you can only stay on your guard. We don’t know what that Shannon is scheming. You have to be ready so you can deal with anything as much as possible."<br/>
If possible, I didn’t want to end up fighting against Miranda-san. It would be unpleasant to be forced to fight such kind person.<br/>
.<br/>
Floor B40, boss room.<br/>
We finished our preparations and reviewed our plan in front of the boss room for the last time.<br/>
「I’ll act as bait again this time. After that I’ll go to the passage──」<br/>
Aria-san nodded while interrupting the continuation of the plan with fast-talking.<br/>
「We will jump on the boss just like before and hold it in place. It’s the same like before right?」<br/>
It seemed she was a bit irritated. I turned my gaze from Aria-san to Sophia-san.<br/>
「I understand.」<br/>
She replied shortly, but the tone of her voice was hard. It felt like she was angry.<br/>
「……The, then, the other members will wait slightly further away. In case we failed, Professor Damian, please take care of it.」<br/>
Professor Damian placed his staff on his shoulder and nodded happily.<br/>
「Leave it to me. Haha~, to think we’ll be able to fight the boss of floor B40 this quick. It was the right decision to leave this to all of you──no, to you. Thank you for introducing him to me……err~, who are you again?」<br/>
Professor Damian wanted to say thanks to Miranda-san for introducing us, but he didn’t remember her name.<br/>
「It’s Miranda, professor. You won’t remember me even though I’m also attending your class properly.」<br/>
‘Geez’, Miranda-san said with a half expasperated smile. Professor Damian said 「That’s right」 to her while laughing.<br/>
「Well, I don’t remember even a single student that I have taught until now though. Anyway, if the two of them failed, I’ll hold back the boss with my puppets. I can buy some time at least. This is for the magic stone’s sake.」<br/>
Professor Damian’s attitude that was honest to his own desire to the very end felt refreshing instead.<br/>
I looked at Novem.<br/>
「Please guard Clara-san. Depending on the situation you can also evacuate temporarily to the upper floor.」<br/>
Novem reluctantly accepted me being the bait. The reason was because there was no one else who was suitable to do it. Novem nodded.<br/>
「Lyle-sama too, please absolutely don’t do anything reckless.」<br/>
Inside the Jewel the Fourth was looking at the worried Novem while saying something.<br/>
"Sooner or later you’ll have to solve the problem on this side too. Even so, I’m getting sick that the problems keep on coming."<br/>
I ignored him and nodded back at Novem, and then I entered the boss room. I took a step inside and observed the situation, but it seemed there was no movement.<br/>
Two steps, three steps.<br/>
「So even this is no good.」<br/>
I took out a bow and arrow and shot burst arrow at the large metal box. It hit the box and a bursting sound resounded inside the room, but that was all.<br/>
There wasn’t a single scratch on the box.<br/>
「……That hardness is frustrating.」<br/>
And then I resolved myself and approached the boss. Then, the box shook and started making a small sound. At the end it made a rumbling sound, and then there was the sound of creaking metal and the door at the box’s sides opened. There were two spots that opened and from there eight hairy legs appeared.<br/>
Next the cover at the box’s ceiling opened and an eerie face came out from there. It had two red eyes and a mouth with a crescent moon shape. It looked like it was laughing.<br/>
I took out a burst arrow and fired it toward the legs. However, the legs weren’t even staggered and lifted themselves up along with the large box.<br/>
「It doesn’t work as expected. Or rather, it’s really a spider inside a box.」<br/>
And then the figure of a human’s upper body slowly appeared from the opened cover. Slender torso. Eerie head. And then arms that were slender with only their hands that were abnormally big compared to the arms.<br/>
It eerily laughed *kishi kishi* and licked its lips when it looked at me. It was really revolting.<br/>
I stored away my bow and slowly backed away──<br/>
「Well, of course it won’t let me go that easily!」<br/>
The eight legs moved quickly and chased after me. I hurriedly used Arts and raised my running speed, even so, the floor boss──it was a spider inside a box, so box spider.<br/>
The box spider chased after me with even greater speed.<br/>
The stupid cheers of the Third came from inside the Jewel.<br/>
"Do your best~, it will be the end if it catches you~"<br/>
In order to meet the expectation of the unmotivated cheer, I threw away the quiver I carried. It was a product that was quite expensive but it couldn’t be helped.<br/>
The quiver that was filled with burst arrows got stepped by the box spider’s leg and caused explosions. Even though a single explosion was meaningless against it, but the consecutive explosions caused smoke which was useful to stop the box spider at least.<br/>
I continued escaping into the passage, turned around and then unsheathed my saber.<br/>
The box spider put its hands on the passage’s gate and slowly looked at me while passing through. It was laughing. It seemed intent to torment me. It was a really unpleasant guy.<br/>
But──<br/>
「My bad. It’s you who is being hunted.」<br/>
From above a red haired girl and a black haired girl dropped down and landed on the box part of the box spider. *Bang* and *Bam* sounds resounded, then the box spider turned its head 180 degree to look behind.<br/>
Aria-san readied her spear to protect Sophia-san.<br/>
「This thing, it’s really eerie.」<br/>
And then Sophia-san’s hand touched the box.<br/>
「This thing, it’s really heavy from the start……with thisssss!」<br/>
She used her Art and manipulated the weight. The box spider became unable to endure its weight with its legs and fell down on the passage. Its legs were kicking around.<br/>
「Yosh-, like this!」<br/>
The instant I thought we could do this, the box spider swung its long arms and sent Aria-san and Sophia-san flying.<br/>
The two of them were blown away from the box, then the rear part of the box opened and the spider’s butt appeared. And then it spurted out sticky strings that entangled the two of them.<br/>
「Thi, this──!」<br/>
「Le, let go!」<br/>
The two were squirming on the floor. They seemed uninjured, but they couldn’t move like that.<br/>
When I hurriedly jumped on the box spider’s box part, its weight returned to normal and it rampaged around.<br/>
In the passage where it couldn’t even change direction, it moved up and down to shake me off. In addition, it seemed to be irritated that I got on the box and swung its arms at me.<br/>
「This guy!」<br/>
While the arm approached to capture the prey, I took a defensive stance because it was a battle on an unstable place, but the box spider’s movement suddenly stopped.<br/>
Looking around, the puppets of Professor Damian were hanging on the legs of the box spider.<br/>
Professor Damian swung his staff.<br/>
「Come on, my job is finished with this. The rest──」<br/>
I tightly grasped my two sabers.<br/>
「──is my job!」<br/>
The twisting of the box spider’s face didn’t hide its irritation. It swung its arm at me in a large arc. When I severed that arm with my saber, its red eyes opened wide.<br/>
It swung its other arm to me, so I severed it with my other saber.<br/>
「I’ll defeat you.」<br/>
I swung my two sabers and bisected its neck and torso. When the struggling legs stopped moving, the box fell to the floor. And then, I put back my sabers into their sheaths and grasped my Jewel.<br/>
「Lyle-san, please be careful! That thing is──」<br/>
──This thing was shrewd.<br/>
Clara-san didn’t even need to yell, I moved my right hand to tear off the Jewel in my grasp. The silver great sword showed its figure, at the same time the box spider discarded the box by backing away.<br/>
It sacrificed its legs that were grabbed by the puppets and exposed its hideous main body. Its torso was square perhaps because it was contained within a box. A lot of large mouths and eyes could be seen on its flat surface. If that shape was called simple then it was simple, but it only gave me the creeps.<br/>
「My bad, I already investigated about you thoroughly. Even──how you would escape like this at the end!」<br/>
The instant it showed itself, I tightly grasped the silver great sword and jumped to above the box spider’s main body before stabbing it. The silver great sword was shaking in order to rampage, but it was only widening the wound of the box spider that was deeply stabbed.<br/>
The box spider was raising a loud scream while fiercely moving its remaining legs to struggle.<br/>
Like that it stopped moving at the end and I returned the silver great sword to being a Jewel. It was sticky from being coated with the box spider’s fluid.<br/>
Looking closer, thread came out from the box spider’s butt.<br/>
Miranda-san came to look at the box spider and looked impressed with the thread.<br/>
「Come to think of it, isn’t this a really precious material?」<br/>
Professor Damian who approached in order to take out the magic stone wasn’t interested in the thread. He entered the work of dismantling the box spider.<br/>
Clara-san glanced at Professor Damian before coming this way.<br/>
「Yes. It will be a really sturdy thread or a thread with amazing stickiness. This one is……the really sturdy thread.」<br/>
Either one would be a precious material and extremely expensive.<br/>
The Second seemed to be a bit puzzled.<br/>
"How can a material that rarely appears be expensive? It’s not even a rare metal, in addition obtaining it is really troublesome, so there isn’t any stable supply of it. Is there anyone who will want this kind of thread?"<br/>
The Third answered casually.<br/>
"Isn’t it because someone has discovered its utility value? Even so, there is a lot of it."<br/>
The quantity of the thread that it let out at its last struggle was quite a lot.<br/>
While I was tired and couldn’t move, Novem headed towards the two who were captured. Aria-san and Sophia-san were caught by the sticky thread and couldn’t move.<br/>
How should I say it, their squirming caused their clothes to dig into their bodies and exposed their body line. Their appearance became disastrous. To describe it in a few words, it could also be said to be a provocative appearance, but the two of them desperately trying to get out of it made it even worse.<br/>
「So, someone helpp!」<br/>
「Turn this to here, and then this one……no good, my, my chest feels tight! It’s digging in……」<br/>
The clothes dug in and some parts were slipping off.<br/>
Putting it simply, it was erotic.<br/>
Novem was lending her hand in order to release the two, but it looked really difficult.<br/>
「Both of you, please don’t move around. If it’s like this then cutting a part of the cloth is……」<br/>
I couldn’t properly look at them, so I turned my gaze towards Professor Damian. Professor Damian was soaked with the box spider’s fluid while rubbing his cheek against the large red magic stone he was holding with both hands.<br/>
Its size made it necessary for the petite Professor Damian to hold it with both hands. And then, the transparent red color made it look like a jewel.<br/>
「Nufufufu, if I have this then it will finally move──」<br/>
When Professor Damian spoke until that point, the sound of something falling came from the boss room.<br/>
.<br/>
When I hurriedly headed to the boss room to scout, an object with size and shape that looked like a coffin was stuck in the floor.<br/>
It was made from metal but rather than silver its color was closer to grey. It looked like a genuine coffin, there was a window to peer inside. However, the window was cloudy and the inside couldn’t be seen.<br/>
Thinking of the possibility that a monster was lurking inside, everyone except Professor Damian surrounded it. Then I approached and tried touching it. But, there was no reaction.<br/>
Then, Professor Damian entered inside the room while holding the magic stone in his arms.<br/>
「Professor, it’s still dangerous here.」<br/>
When Miranda-san warned him, Professor Damian opened his eyes wide. And then he grinned. It seemed it wasn’t dangerous.<br/>
「This is shocking. To think that we will get a hold of this again. I never even dreamed of it. This can happen on rare occasion in the dungeon. Obtaining a treasure after defeating a boss. There is also those who call it a "rare drop" but……this thing really is rare. It’s an object with rarity value. After all it’s an object that there are only two even in the Academy.」<br/>
I asked Professor Damian.<br/>
「Do you know about this box?」<br/>
「Not just knowing it, I have one myself. My objective this time is related with the content of the same coffin like this. I sought this magic stone in order to awaken it. However, I wonder……your name is Ly, Lyle was it? You have a really good luck. How about it, do you want to try activating its content?」<br/>
While I was bewildered hearing that it could be activated, Professor Damian began explaining. But, Clara-san and Miranda-san were shocked saying 「Professor Damian said someone’s name!」.<br/>
「It looks like a coffin, but the inside isn’t human. It’s an automaton. An automatic puppet──we have learned that it’s a mechanical puppet in the shape of a human that can move by itself. In addition its construction is really elaborate. What I’m interested in is the knowledge and technology that created such a high level thing. That’s why I want to activate it, but this thing is necessary to produce the required energy.」<br/>
Professor Damian held the large magic stone with both hands and looked at the coffin.<br/>
「The automaton created by the ancient people. ……Lyle, don’t you also want to try seeing it?」<br/>
The smile of Professor Damian there was something that was stimulated by curiosity.<br/>
.<br/>
The passage of floor B40.<br/>
We stuffed our baggage into the box part of the box spider that we obtained.<br/>
I generated a magic circle right under the box while everyone other than me was sorting the baggage.<br/>
「Aa~, no good. It feels like it’s slightly over the limit.」<br/>
We pondered about what to do with the large box, and in the end we decided to bring it back but……it was just barely over the capacity limit of my Art, Box. Because of that we repacked the baggage.<br/>
Novem kicked the coffin we had just obtained to push it into the box. I was really surprised seeing her acting that unusual.<br/>
「Novem, why did you kick it!? We will activate that thing later so treat it carefully.」<br/>
Novem turned around with a smile.<br/>
「My apologies, Lyle-sama. ……I unconsciously」<br/>
Unconsciously? You kicked it with such feeling? Did she perhaps have some dissatisfaction piling up inside?<br/>
But, thanks to that it felt like the Art could manage somehow. The box slowly sunk into the magic circle.<br/>
We stopped for a night in floor B40 and finished the baggage sorting like this.<br/>
Various things happened but, now we only needed to return.<br/>
When the magic circle vanished, Novem supported me.<br/>
Professor Damian was holding on the magic stone like it was something precious. It didn’t look like he would let go of it.<br/>
Aria-san shouldered her spear.<br/>
「After this we are going to head up like this, but what are we going to do today? We will be able to go until floor B25 that has the floor traveling device if we force ourselves isn’t it?」<br/>
Clara-san shook her head.<br/>
「Let’s aim until floor B29. If we are careless, there is also the possibility of the boss at floor B30 reviving. The number of days of its revival isn’t accurately determined after all. It will depend on the situation at floor B30, but if the boss isn’t there then we will secure an area at floor B29 and stay for a night there.」<br/>
Sophia-san tilted her head.<br/>
「Why? It’s only going back.」<br/>
Clara-san pushed up her glasses with her finger to correct its placement. And then, she turned a serious expression towards us.<br/>
「No one is monitoring the inside of the dungeon. And then, the risk of the people in this trade──our fellow adventurers attacking us will be the greatest when we are heading up back to the surface. After all at that time we will have a lot of baggage so it will be hard for us to move around and we will be exhausted. There will be a lot of adventurers in the floors above floor B29. So just in case we should be on our guard.」<br/>
They would attack us in order to take away the magic stone and materials we gathered. Similar to monsters, no……humans were far more troublesome than a monster.<br/>
Sophia-san nodded in understanding, but her expression wasn’t good.<br/>
Novem concluded the talk.<br/>
「Then, let’s head to floor B29. Lyle-sama, is that alright?」<br/>
「Yeah, that’s okay. Everyone is also okay with that right?」<br/>
When I turned my gaze towards everyone, my gaze stopped on Miranda-san just for an instant. Her smile was the same like usual. However, her atmosphere changed just for a moment.<br/>
The Sixth’s Art told me that. Search……this Art that distinguished enemy and ally by the presence or absence of hostility displayed Miranda-san as red color that had hostility just for an instant.<br/>
「That’s nice. I don’t want to be attacked at the end after coming this far.」<br/>
There was no change with Miranda-san at the surface. But, she was harboring a definite hostility towards me.<br/>
The Fifth sighed deeply. And then he warned me.<br/>
"Lyle, be careful from here on. Don’t let your guard down until the very end."<br/>
I quietly grasped the Jewel.<br/>
.<br/>
──Floor B29.<br/>
Lyle’s party safely found a room where they could camp.<br/>
Aria was wiping her body with hot water at the place that Clara prepared. About the men, right now Damian was sleeping while holding on the magic stone, while Lyle was also sleeping with a blanket covering him.<br/>
Aria wiped her wet hair while looking at Lyle.<br/>
「That Lyle, he is sleeping without eating dinner? He is really tired isn’t he?」<br/>
When Novem who was preparing the meal saw Lyle’s blanket was opened, she stood up and slowly walked toward Lyle.<br/>
She put back the blanket on him and wiped the sweat on his forehead.<br/>
(She is like a mother. Well, perhaps it can’t be helped with how long they know each other?)<br/>
She approached the fire while having that impression. The magic tool that Clara prepared could create fire even without any firewood or fuel.<br/>
On top of that a pot could be placed on it so it was extremely useful.<br/>
「This is really convenient. It will work when a magic stone is inserted into it, so shouldn’t we also buy something like this?」<br/>
Novem went away, so Miranda watched the pot in her place.<br/>
Clara lifted her gaze from the book she was reading and looked toward the lantern.<br/>
「There are many tools like this in Arumsaas after all. It’s an environment where it’s easy to develop technology with the great amount of magic stones and rare metals they obtain here.」<br/>
The lantern would also emit light if a magic stone was put into it. Although, the magic tool Clara was using was brighter, so it was only used when resting like this.<br/>
Miranda talked to Aria.<br/>
「Aria, you will stand guard after this right? Eat properly before that.」<br/>
When Aria turned her gaze towards the entrance, Sophia was standing guard there. Even though it would be alright even if she sat down, she was standing with her hand holding her battle axe. Its blade was placed on the floor while her hand was placed on the pommel.<br/>
(She is serious as usual. Just dozing off once isn’t a problem……Lyle has confirmed the safety here, so it should be fine if she relaxed a bit.)<br/>
Aria was thinking that was also because of Lyle’s enemy detection ability that was too high. Aria completely trusted Lyle’s ability.<br/>
Clara closed her book and received a bowl of soup from Miranda.<br/>
「I will also sleep after eating. Aria-san, I think you already know but standing guard is an important job.」<br/>
Aria was flustered from Clara’s reminder.<br/>
「I, I know that!」<br/>
She received the soup from Miranda and brought it to her mouth. Then, Novem returned and thanked Miranda──<br/>
.<br/>
──After a while, Miranda checked that everyone was asleep.<br/>
Aria who alternated with Sophia to be a guard was sitting down and sleeping. Novem too was leaning on a wooden box while sleeping.<br/>
There was only Miranda who was awake even though it was arranged that two people would always be awake at all times.<br/>
「……I have put the drug into Professor Damian’s drink, and Clara also drank the soup. Everyone won’t wake up for a while.」<br/>
She stood up and pulled out the short sword on her waist before walking towards Lyle without hesitation. Lyle who was wrapped in blanket didn’t drink the drugged soup. But, he was terribly tired and immediately slept after preparing the camp.<br/>
「It must be hard to be able to do everything alone. Like that fatigue will pile up for you alone like an idiot. Now then, I think I’ll have Lyle-kun take responsibility for making fun of me.」<br/>
Saying that Miranda’s hand that was holding the short sword in reverse grip──swung down on Lyle’s vital place without hesitation. It was a sharp attack with no indecision.<br/>
However, what the sword stabbed was the blanket and floor. The sound of the sword tip colliding on the floor resounded.<br/>
「……Oh, so you’re awake.」<br/>
Lyle rolled away from the blanket the moment the sword was swung down. He was currently standing up.<br/>
His hand was holding a saber.<br/>
Miranda looked at Lyle’s sabers that were on a wooden box some distance away. She collected it from the sleeping Lyle and placed it far away.<br/>
「So you hid a spare nearby, that means you were suspecting me then.」<br/>
Sweat was trickling on Lyle’s cheek. He looked shaken, but it was clear that he was suspicious of Miranda seeing how prepared he was.<br/>
「……Novem said, that Miranda-san was acting suspiciously. After that, there is Shannon-chan’s eyes.」<br/>
Miranda laughed at Lyle’s words.<br/>
「What, so you know. Come to think of it, those eyes were inherited from great grandmother. In other words, it originated from the Walt House. It won’t be strange for you to know about it.」<br/>
Miranda pulled out another short sword and took a stance with a short sword in either hand. Lyle unsheathed his saber, but its quality looked worse than the sabers Miranda took away.<br/>
He held the sheath in his left hand and the saber in his right hand.<br/>
「Miranda-san, please open your eyes. You are a kind person.」<br/>
Miranda thought when Lyle said that with a sad look.<br/>
(……Ha?)<br/>
「You, what are you saying?」<br/>
「I know that you are being controlled by Shannon-chan. But, if you strengthen your heart──」<br/>
Miranda pressed her stomach and started laughing after hearing what Lyle said. It was really funny and completely stupid.<br/>
(Aa, I see. Lyle-kun doesn’t know then. About Shannon──)<br/>
Lyle who was being laughed at looked wide eyed, then Miranda kicked on the ground without warning and sprang at Lyle with a slash. The saber and short sword locked with each other.<br/>
Miranda brought her face close to Lyle and told the truth.<br/>
「You are stupid. Do you really believe that I’m a good and obedient girl?」<br/>
「──Eh?」<br/>
Miranda watched Lyle’s surprised face while kicking at his stomach. From the feedback, she understood that he immediately jumped behind.<br/>
(He is strong as expected.)<br/>
「It’s Shannon that you are wary of but, if I have to say it’s that girl who is kinder. And then, the one who Lyle-kun should really be wary of is……me you know?」<br/>
Miranda slightly tilted her head and told the truth to Lyle. The one who he should be wary of wasn’t Shannon, but her──<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
