<br/>
Chapter 59 – Trial And Error<br/>
<br/>
The house of the Circry sisters was noisy since the morning.<br/>
Sandwiches that were easy to eat were lined up on the table. It was Aria-san who was eating them in a hurry. I was staring at that sight.<br/>
「You’re eating a lot right from the morning.」<br/>
Aria-san’s throat choked and she drank to wash it down into her stomach.<br/>
「I won’t last if I don’t eat, I have plans for today from morning until evening so I don’t need lunch.」<br/>
It was Poyopoyo who was looking at Aria-san in exasperation.<br/>
「Please swallow after chewing more thoroughly. That’s a bad manner, and it’ll be problematic for your health──」<br/>
Then Sophia-san’s voice came from the entrance.<br/>
「Aria, I’ll go ahead.」<br/>
Aria-san stood up from her chair.<br/>
「Wa, wait. I’m going too!」<br/>
Novem saw off the two who were flurried since the morning with a smile.<br/>
「They’re flurried, but the two of them have become brighter than before.」<br/>
I brought a sandwich to my mouth.<br/>
「I wonder where they are going?」<br/>
Novem answered me.<br/>
「It looks like they’re learning about Arumsaas’s underground dungeon. Then I heard that in the afternoon they will be working hard at a dojo.」<br/>
「H~m」<br/>
My gaze returned to the table.<br/>
Shannon was eating a sandwich while looking sleepy and dropped some pieces of food. Miranda-san hit Shannon’s head and warned her.<br/>
「Shannon, that’s a bad manner.」<br/>
「I, I’m sorry, Onee-sama.」<br/>
When Miranda-san finished eating, she stood up and started preparing to go out.<br/>
「I’m also going out. I’ll return for lunch, so please take care of the housework. It’s fine if you use Shannon too.」<br/>
Saying that Miranda-san also went out, then Shannon relaxed with an obviously relieved look.<br/>
She put her elbow on the table.<br/>
「Haa~, finally it became quiet.」<br/>
Poyopoyo looked at the relaxed Shannon.<br/>
「You seem relieved, but after I finished tidying up the breakfast then it will be special training you know? Special training! After that you will help with the sweeping.」<br/>
Shannon made a displeased face.<br/>
「Ee~, I want to rest today. I was working hard yesterday.」<br/>
I snorted at Shannon.<br/>
「Yesterday you also said that and just idled about since the afternoon.」<br/>
Shannon was reading a picture book on a sofa yesterday.<br/>
Shannon couldn’t read and write because her eyes couldn’t see until recently. Because of that, nowadays she would be absorbed in reading the picture books that were bought for her. Novem looked at me.<br/>
「In that case, what if Lyle-sama accompanys her to go out? Lyle-sama too hasn’t really had a look around Arumsaas.」<br/>
I looked at Shannon’s face.<br/>
She was making a terribly displeased face just like me.<br/>
「No way.」<br/>
「Even I don’t want that. I’ll go out together with Onee-sama when she returns.」<br/>
We glared at each other. Novem was watching with a smile and──<br/>
「It seems that today there will be a traveling entertainer troupe doing their show in the main street during the morning.」<br/>
Shannon who heard that showed interest.<br/>
She was fidgety.<br/>
「I, is that so? Then……I’m fine with going.」<br/>
I averted my face from Shannon.<br/>
「I’m not going.」<br/>
Shannon’s face looked like she was going to cry. The ancestors inside the Jewel sympathized with her.<br/>
"Oi, she is going to cry."<br/>
"Just take her to watch the show."<br/>
"Lyle, your attitude is pathetic to watch you know?"<br/>
"You’re mentally childish like Shannon huh."<br/>
As expected I thought the Fifth was exaggerating when he called me childish.<br/>
But, the Sixth was also agreeing with the Fifth’s opinion.<br/>
"Lyle’s mental age is the same as Shannon? Certainly it’s no wonder they can get along so well!"<br/>
"Now that you mentioned it Shannon was also living in the confinement of her mansion."<br/>
The Seventh’s words stabbed into my chest.<br/>
She was usually a stupid girl, but if we talked only about the environment then she was similar to me in that respect.<br/>
No, thinking about how she was confined since she was born, then perhaps her treatment was even worse than mine.<br/>
「……I’ll take you there if you properly clean up.」<br/>
Shannon’s depressed face turned bright like a blooming flower.<br/>
Novem looked at me and smiled, while Poyopoyo was looking at Shannon enviously but she didn’t try to get in the way.<br/>
.<br/>
Arumsaas’s main street.<br/>
The troupe of entertainers consisted of elves. They were singing and acting out a drama.<br/>
There were also elves that were showing acrobatic moves. A crowd was created at the surroundings.<br/>
I went out with Shannon but, my mind was occupied with the cart that I was currently in the middle of experimenting with.<br/>
Shannon was watching a performer who was standing on a large ball while juggling.<br/>
She was watching seriously with clenched hands.<br/>
I could hear kind voices inside the Jewel that weren’t directed to me.<br/>
"It’s great that she’s having fun."<br/>
"She couldn’t go outside until now after all, something like this is good for her."<br/>
"She has something like mystic eyes but, she is acting like her age. No, a bit more childish than that I guess. It’s good for her to have this kind of fun too."<br/>
"Right now anything must be interesting for her no matter what she sees."<br/>
"Ain’t that right. I want to let her see and do even more things."<br/>
"Lyle, Shannon is also someone who inherited the Walt House’s blood. Treat her preciously."<br/>
You guys were just kind because the other side was a girl. This attitude was completely different from their usual treatment to me. Was I wrong to feel that it was unreasonable?<br/>
It felt like both the Fifth and the Sixth were now acting kind and favoring Shannon because she was a great-granddaughter of the woman called Milleia who they knew really well.<br/>
While I was watching the performers while thinking like that, Shannon clutched my clothes.<br/>
「Hey, do you dislike being with me that much?」<br/>
「Of course. Well, there’s something else that’s in my mind though.」<br/>
「About the cart? You looked really stupid when you were circling around the garden riding on it.」<br/>
「You’re annoying.」<br/>
「Ouch!」<br/>
When I poked the forehead of the laughing Shannon, she pressed her forehead and turned a protesting look at me.<br/>
「It’s a really important project just so you know. With this it will be easy to transport the baggage. But, there’re a lot of expenses.」<br/>
I bought a cart, then there were expenses from doing various experiments.<br/>
If Poyopoyo wasn’t with me, the expenses might have been even bigger.<br/>
The cart I purchased would become unable to move if too much baggage was loaded on it. If I forced it too much then the cart itself would break.<br/>
Because of that, we were remodeling it like increasing the wheels from two wheels to four wheels for example.<br/>
We were remodeling the cart each time problems appeared like that, so the expenses were piling up.<br/>
After thinking to that point, I got a thought.<br/>
「……Why am I remodeling a cart after coming to Arumsaas? Even though I was coming here to learn various things.」<br/>
Accumulating knowledge from the library or private school. Polishing martial arts by attending a dojo.<br/>
We should be coming here in order to obtain the necessary techniques as adventurers and new party members, but my days now consisted of tinkering with a cart with my maid Poyopoyo every day.<br/>
Just where in the world am I heading to?<br/>
Then the song seemed to end and I could hear applause.<br/>
Shannon too apparently had lost interest in me. She was clapping her hands especially loudly with her eyes fixed on the singer elf.<br/>
「How easygoing.」<br/>
It was enviable how Shannon could act like this.<br/>
It was then, a group with dirty appearances was passing through. The audience scowled.<br/>
「Look, adventurers over there.」<br/>
「Uncivilized bunch.」<br/>
「Why are they passing through here? They should use another path.」<br/>
There was also someone wounded and bandaged among the adventurers.<br/>
They were heading towards the adventurer guild while carrying heavy luggage.<br/>
「Shit, my damn legs are shaky.」<br/>
「Give me your baggage, I’ll carry it.」<br/>
「Sorry.」<br/>
The figures of fellow comrades helping each other looked dazzling to me right now.<br/>
The wounded adventurer complained.<br/>
「The path until the guild is far. It’ll be great if we can prepare a horse cart to travel there.」<br/>
Certainly, the distance from the dungeon until the adventurer guild was long.<br/>
Even if there was someone doing that kind of baggage transport business, there would be a lot of problems with it that most adventurers wouldn’t make use of the service.<br/>
「Don’t ask for something absurd. That’ll cost money and decrease our earnings. Endure it and walk.」<br/>
「I want to quickly go back and drink wine.」<br/>
I saw the adventurers walking away and muttered.<br/>
「Costing money huh. Certainly horse carts will cost money, and even renting a cart will be……」<br/>
The great amount of baggage was none other than the fruit of their labor in the dungeon.<br/>
They were the magic stones and materials that would become the source of income for the adventurers, so they couldn’t throw it away.<br/>
There were also people doing business of undertaking baggage transport duty near the entrance, but it seemed there were also malicious people among them who couldn’t be entrusted with the important baggage of the adventurers.<br/>
Because it would also cost money to maintain the horses for horse carriage, the cost to use it for one time was high.<br/>
Seeing that they had taken the trouble to walk until the surface, they would prefer to just walk towards the adventurer guild without paying a lot of money. That was the popular way. There were exceptions but, anyway the distance from the dungeon’s entrance until the adventurer guild was long.<br/>
「……If it’s me I might be able to do it.」<br/>
I noticed something. Beside the satisfied looking Shannon, I saw off the adventurers while sorting my thoughts.<br/>
.<br/>
──That day, Clara was doing work with the adventurers she was acquainted with.<br/>
She entered the dungeon as a supporter.<br/>
It should be a job like usual, but a problem occurred after they came out.<br/>
If they entered the dungeon and defeated monsters, they would obtain magic stones and strip off usable materials from them. They would obtain those things the more they fought and their baggage would continue to increase.<br/>
When she thought that they were finally outside, there was a girl standing there holding a signboard.<br/>
Lyle was beside her. Clara thought that the girl must be Poyopoyo who she heard from their story.<br/>
She was an automaton wearing a flashy maid uniform. The signboard that Poyopoyo was holding was written with this sentence.<br/>
"Three silver coins until adventurer guild"<br/>
At first it was written with five coins, but right now it was crossed out and written with three coins.<br/>
Clara approached Lyle who was standing beside Poyopoyo.<br/>
「What are you doing?」<br/>
There was something that looked like a slightly largish cart behind Lyle.<br/>
It had various remodeling done on it and ended up having four wheels.<br/>
「No, I’m thinking of starting a baggage transporting business.」<br/>
Clara was troubled by Lyle’s reply.<br/>
「……You’re giving up being an adventurer?」<br/>
「I’m not giving up. I’m modifying the cart a little, but I’m thinking to earn some money for it. Is three silver coins too expensive?」<br/>
It would be stupid to pay three silver coins just to carry baggage.<br/>
Certainly the distance from the dungeon until the adventurer guild was problematic. However, it would be better to walk rather than paying that much money.<br/>
「That’s expensive. It will also depend on the transported amount, but no one will feel like using it if it’s not one silver coin at least.」<br/>
Lyle started consulting Poyopoyo who was holding the signboard.<br/>
「Look, it’s expensive just as I said.」<br/>
「Chicken dickwad, please don’t falter from that kind of thing. Our service is worth that kind of price.」<br/>
Poyopoyo wouldn’t yield, but Lyle held his Jewel.<br/>
He grasped and rolled it. Clara thought seeing that.<br/>
(Is that Lyle-san’s habit?)<br/>
Lyle looked resolved about something and nodded.<br/>
「Then, let’s have Clara-san test it. Clara-san, I’ll allow you to use our service for free just this once, so can you test this cart’s convenience for us?」<br/>
Clara was perplexed hearing that.<br/>
「No, I don’t have any right to decide that.」<br/>
When she refused, her acquaintance who was listening to the talk turned up.<br/>
「What, you’re Clara’s acquaintance? If it’s free then I’ll test it. But, can you lad and lady transport this much baggage?」<br/>
There was a lot of metal among their items.<br/>
In addition the baggage of around twenty people wasn’t few.<br/>
The cart itself was big and it looked possible to be loaded with baggage. However, it didn’t look like Lyle would be able to pull a cart with such a heavy load.<br/>
Clara looked at the thing that seemed to be a cart and it made her want to tilt her head.<br/>
(In the first place its shape……it only looks like a cart with four wheels attached. Its shape is also not suited for being pulled or pushed. It looks a bit unreliable.)<br/>
The cart had different shape than normal. It had a shape like a rectangle box with four wheels attached.<br/>
There was something that looked like a steering wheel at the front, but it was attached at the baggage carrier side.<br/>
Even other adventurers than Clara also showed bewildered expressions at the cart’s shape.<br/>
Poyopoyo looked at the group.<br/>
「You’re right. In that case, let’s place only half the baggage and the wounded on it.」<br/>
After saying that, the baggage and the wounded were placed on the cart. Then Lyle and Poyopoyo boarded the cart.<br/>
Clara got a headache seeing that.<br/>
「What are you doing, Lyle-san? Don’t tell me that you’re going to tell us to pull the cart?」<br/>
The surroundings also looked exasperated, but Lyle smiled.<br/>
「As expected that won’t be a business in that case. Look, I’ll do this.」<br/>
When Lyle grabbed the wheel that was attached to the cart, it started moving even though there was nothing pulling or pushing it. It moved without problem even though a lot of baggage was loaded on it.<br/>
Lyle rejoiced.<br/>
「I, it moved!」<br/>
Beside him Poyopoyo was making a dissatisfied face.<br/>
「The speed is slow as expected. It’ll be better if it can output more horse power.」<br/>
Clara’s acquaintance laughed.<br/>
「What’s this, that’s interesting!」<br/>
The other adventurers were also really interested.<br/>
「Is this a cart? A horse cart that doesn’t need a horse?」<br/>
「No, if there is no horse then it’s just a cart.」<br/>
「So even this kind of vehicle is invented lately.」<br/>
This place was Arumsaas.<br/>
It was overflowing with unusual things. Even when the citizens saw Lyle’s cart, they only thought that it was a new vehicle that the academy invented.<br/>
Because of that, it was relatively easy to be received.<br/>
If this wasn’t Arumsaas then there would be a commotion without a doubt.<br/>
Clara was honestly impressed.<br/>
(……This is amazing. Amazing but)<br/>
The group was making a relieved expression that the amount of luggage they had to carry while walking was decreased.<br/>
The surroundings only thought of the cart as a convenient vehicle.<br/>
(Lyle-san, just what is he thinking? Is he planning to start a business?)<br/>
Lyle was driving the cart through the main street with a delighted look. The cart was moving slowly. Rather than because it was matching the pace of the group that was walking around it, it was because the baggage was too heavy and weighing it down.<br/>
「There is still room for improvement. I’ll have to remodel it when we get back.」<br/>
Lyle was thinking seriously about the cart. Clara was getting really complicated feelings seeing him like that──<br/>
.<br/>
Night.<br/>
Inside the storehouse, I prepared the lighting and improved the cart with Poyopoyo.<br/>
Poyopoyo who was wearing a welding mask processed the metal and affixed it. Sometimes sparks would be scattered from her work. As expected there was a problem with the strength when using wood, so we now used metal.<br/>
「As expected I want to make it a bit bigger. I also want to make it to be faster.」<br/>
Poyopoyo looked over here while still wearing a mask and made a pose of her going ‘good grief’.<br/>
A stifled voice came from the mask.<br/>
「Chicken dickwad is really extravagant. But, as expected more than this and it will be uncharted territory even for me. It will be desirable to obtain someone’s cooperation for that.」<br/>
When I thought about someone who could be asked for their cooperation immediately, it was Damian who came to mind.<br/>
However, he seemed to be busy so I would feel bad to bother him.<br/>
In the first place, it would be troublesome to bring Poyopoyo to Damian’s lab. Surely she would get into a quarrel with Lily-san.<br/>
These two, even though they were fellow automatons they had a bad relationship.<br/>
Were they broken, or did the ancient people make them to be like that?<br/>
Which was it I wonder?<br/>
「……Now that you mention it, a magic tool is used for Clara-san’s prosthetic arm.」<br/>
The girl who loved the library and also possessed an abundance of knowledge.<br/>
If it was her then she might give us some ideas.<br/>
When I put down my tool, Shannon entered the storehouse.<br/>
「Onee-sama said that it’s time for dinner so come inside.」<br/>
It seemed that the preparations for dinner were finished.<br/>
Shannon looked at my face and chuckled.<br/>
「What?」<br/>
「Your face is pitch black. Wash your face before dinner. You’re dirty.」<br/>
Shannon said that before leaving the storehouse. I was irritated seeing that.<br/>
「……As expected I don’t like her.」<br/>
Poyopoyo brought a clean towel and wiped my face.<br/>
「Come on, please don’t move, chicken dickwad.」<br/>
「O, oi, stop. Or rather, why aren’t you dirty?」<br/>
Poyopoyo who wouldn’t be strange if she was dirtier than me showed off herself to me triumphantly.<br/>
「It’s because this Poyopoyo has high performance. Things like dirt won’t get stuck on me, and even if that happens the dirt will immediately fall off from me. And then, even in case I break down or get damaged, with chicken dickwad’s──」<br/>
「Now that you mention it, you only have that single outfit huh. Do you need clothes?」<br/>
I was thinking that as expected it would be horrible to only own a single outfit even though she was an automaton, but Poyopoyo was biting a handkerchief with a vexed look.<br/>
「I, I’m happy with your feelings but, is chicken dickwad telling me to strip? To tell this Poyopoyo to take off her maid uniform! No, it’s fine. If you tell me to strip at night then I’ll happily strip naked. However, you’re telling me to wear any other clothes than that!? I have pride in this maid uniform!」<br/>
This girl was troublesome.<br/>
She rejected when I told her that I would buy her clothes because it was pitiful that she only had that single outfit.<br/>
I didn’t understand her.<br/>
「It’s fine if you don’t mind that but, I think it’s better if you wash your clothes sometimes. Won’t it get any strange smell?」<br/>
「It won’t! Even if it smells it will only be the wondrous floral smell of a girl! Aren’t you getting poisoned a bit too much by girls in reality? Even like this I’m a masterpiece that was made in the pursuit of the ideal!」<br/>
I snorted a bit.<br/>
「What masterpiece will call her master as chicken dickwad huh?」<br/>
Poyopoyo was shaking with teary eyes.<br/>
「I’m calling you goshujin-sama inside my heard mon!」<br/>
What do you mean ‘mon!’ huh. (TN: Sometimes it’s added to make the person sound cuter or to show that the person wants to be pampered)<br/>
I won’t be tricked even if you sounded slightly cute just so you know.<br/>
「It doesn’t matter I guess. Let’s go eat. Today it’s Miranda-san who’s in charge of dinner huh.」<br/>
「Ple, please wait. Don’t leave me behind! I’ll cry. I’ll cry so annoyingly! I’ll weep hics hics into your ears while you’re sleeping!」<br/>
I turned around and told Poyopoyo with a smile.<br/>
「I think you’re already annoying enough.」<br/>
Poyopoyo looked taken aback with an exaggerated pose, and then she looked happy.<br/>
「Insulting me with a smile like that! I’m so happy I’m feeling aroused!」<br/>
We had only associated for a short while but, would this girl be happy no matter what I did to her? Well, I was hungry so I headed inside the house.<br/>
「Come on, I’ll leave you behind if you don’t hurry.」<br/>
「Please wait for me~」<br/>
.<br/>
The next day.<br/>
I headed to the library in order to search for Clara-san.<br/>
It was really easy to find Clara-san who was spending most of her holiday in the library.<br/>
Poyopoyo was acting separately from me to search for data.<br/>
I invited Clara-san to the break room and talked to her about my current plan that was in progress.<br/>
Clara-san looked slightly exasperated, but she was showing interest at my plan itself.<br/>
「Moving a cart using Professor Damian’s magic is it? I see, certainly that is interesting.」<br/>
Rather, it bothered me why no one had ever tried it until now.<br/>
「I’m trying out various things, but it’s hard because problems keep appearing no matter what. Can I ask you for help?」<br/>
Clara-san brought her drink to her mouth and took a sip.<br/>
「I don’t mind. However, I have only one request.」<br/>
「Request?」<br/>
「Can I receive one cart like that for myself? Because I’m also able to use Professor Damian’s magic.」<br/>
This was surprising.<br/>
「You can use it?」<br/>
Clara-san smiled slightly and moved up her left arm.<br/>
「This prosthetic arm in the first place is moving using Professor Damian’s magic. I’m using it with the sense like moving only a part of a puppet.」<br/>
If the cart would make transporting items easier, then Clara-san would also like to help out with that.<br/>
「That’s amazing. I understand.」<br/>
「Then, I’ll be in your care starting from tomorrow. Carrying baggage is also really hard, so if there is that kind of vehicle that can be used to move inside a dungeon it will be a good thing.」<br/>
Certainly it would be easy if we didn’t need to walk inside the dungeon.<br/>
「I’ll count on you. Also──」<br/>
「What is it?」<br/>
I scratched my cheek with my fingertip shyly.<br/>
「Actually there is a book I’m looking for.」<br/>
.<br/>
──The sunlight continued to be strong these days.<br/>
Novem went out in order to hang the laundry to dry. She saw Aria and Sophia hurriedly leaving the house right from the morning.<br/>
「The two of them are working hard.」<br/>
She saw them off with a smile, then next Lyle went out to the garden.<br/>
Her smile deepened seeing him.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, you’re going to train after this?」<br/>
「Yep. We’ll start when Shannon arrive, but more importantly I’m feeling really sleepy.」<br/>
Seeing him yawning, Novem cautioned him like a mother.<br/>
「That’s because you’re staying up late every day. Please don’t force yourself too much.」<br/>
「O, ou.」<br/>
Lyle nodded without really arguing back, but even though Novem had warned him several times until now, he was showing no sign of reflecting at all.<br/>
But, seeing Lyle getting absorbed into what he was doing so much like that was also making Novem feel slightly happy.<br/>
「By the way, about the talk of not entering the dungeon for a while, is it really okay?」<br/>
The party wouldn’t enter the dungeon for a while because of Lyle’s decision.<br/>
One reason was because they wouldn’t be able to earn money satisfactorily in their current condition.<br/>
Another reason and also the true reason was because Lyle and the people around him wished to spend their time concentrating on what they were doing if possible. But, during that time their income would be zero.<br/>
「It’s fine. We also have a gem that can be sold if we really need it. Rather than that, please prepare lunch and dinner for one more person today too.」<br/>
Novem nodded.<br/>
「For Clara-san’s portion isn’t it?」<br/>
Recently Clara also often ate lunch and dinner together with them.<br/>
It was because she was getting involved with the creation of the vehicle that Lyle was hurrying to finish.<br/>
Novem was feeling slightly conflicted about it.<br/>
(I don’t want Lyle-sama to have anything to do with that thing too much but, Lyle-sama looks like he is having fun. It will be pitiful if I take it away.)<br/>
The broken armored vehicle that was placed inside the storehouse.<br/>
Truthfully she wanted to throw it away immediately, but Lyle was taking a liking to it so she left it alone.<br/>
Lyle stretched his body.<br/>
「Come to think of it, isn’t there anything that Novem wants to do? It’s only us who are doing various things. I’m afraid that you will be burdened too much because of that.」<br/>
Novem looked slightly troubled.<br/>
In the first place, there was nothing for Novem to learn here.<br/>
「There isn’t really anything like that for me. I have been taught about various things by my family, besides I’m also enjoying being of assistance to everyone here.」<br/>
Lyle was concerned for Novem.<br/>
「Can’t you just make Poyopoyo do them? It’ll be better for Novem to relax for a bit too.」<br/>
Novem smiled a little.<br/>
「Housework is like a hobby for me. If I find something that I want to learn, please help me at that time.」<br/>
Lyle was making an apologetic face. Seeing that made Novem feel slightly happy. Because that was how much he was thinking about her──<br/>
.<br/>
Afternoon.<br/>
With Clara-san joining, the three of us surrounded the cart.<br/>
Poyopoyo had processed some iron pipes to create a framework for the cart. Now its shape was close to a horse cart.<br/>
It had a baggage carrier at the back with a seat for the driver to sit at the front.<br/>
With four tires, the space for the baggage carrier was spacious.<br/>
「……It feels like this isn’t a cart anymore. No, it’s still a cart but, it looks like something different.」<br/>
It was still a vehicle to be loaded with baggage so it wouldn’t be wrong to call it a cart, but this thing here was something different that was reinforced with magic tools or machines.<br/>
Certainly we might have to assign it a different name.<br/>
I scratched my hair.<br/>
「Well, let’s decide the name later. Even after this far it’s still has a lot of problems after all.」<br/>
Compared to before it could be loaded with heavier cargo and it also could produce more speed, but as expected the burden on the driver was great.<br/>
There was a problem in moving it for a long time.<br/>
Clara-san fixed the position of her glasses with her finger while looking at the cart.<br/>
「There is a limit to move it with just a human’s magic power after all. Perhaps Professor Damian will give you an idea if you ask him. He might even complete it if he gets interested.」<br/>
I shook my head.<br/>
「I can’t do that.」<br/>
「Why is that?」<br/>
「As expected it’ll make me feel bad to keep relying on him. And above all else I want to complete it by ourselves.」<br/>
Inside my heart it was getting fun to complete this project like this with our own effort.<br/>
At the very least I wanted it to be a bit more in shape before I went to consult Damian.<br/>
「Can it be supported more using magic tools? Please do something about it with the fantasy magic power.」<br/>
Clara-san was exasperated.<br/>
「Please don’t think of magic tools as something all powerful. Even magic has its limits.」<br/>
But, Clara-san touched the cart while thinking, then she continued.<br/>
「However, it might be possible to supplement it with mana. It will be possible to obtain mana from a rare metal or obtaining it directly from a magic stone for example.」<br/>
Poyopoyo was getting angry.<br/>
「So it’s actually possible. As expected from fantasy power.」<br/>
Didn’t the ancient people use magic? From Poyopoyo’s perspective, it seemed that magic was a mysterious phenomenon. From my perspective it was Poyopoyo who was a mysterious existence.<br/>
Clara-san narrowed her eyes that already looked sleepy even during normal times.<br/>
「Using a rare metal and magic stone means that the maintenance cost will simply increase. In my opinion, it will be better to decrease the size of this cart and its loading capacity. There won’t be any problem with an individual moving it like that, and it will be more maneuverable inside the dungeon.」<br/>
Even with a small size, it would drastically increase the amount that one person could carry.<br/>
Certainly, that way might be better if it was only used for entering the dungeon.<br/>
Poyopoyo looked dissatisfied.<br/>
「I wish that the final result will be able to at least move the armored vehicle sleeping in the store house though.」<br/>
Clara-san looked at the storehouse.<br/>
She saw the armored vehicle stored there and shook her head.<br/>
「In order to move that, you will undoubtedly need "magic ore". It’s an object with a prize of several hundred gold coins at the very least. Can you prepare something like that?」<br/>
When Poyopoyo heard the new words of magic ore, she started mumbling complaints like 「This is why fantasy worlds are just」.<br/>
Then the Third’s voice came from inside the Jewel.<br/>
"Eh? Now that she mentioned it, Lyle has one right? You know, you should have the "peridot" that you obtained before."<br/>
The Fourth refused.<br/>
"Magic ore is a fortune that is easy to be carried around. There’s no need to use it. If we can prepare magic stones or rare metals for replacement then it’s better to do that."<br/>
Before I could say that I had a magic ore, Clara-san took out several books that she brought here.<br/>
「I brought the books about magic tools. But, what we’re doing here is too groundbreaking, I don’t know whether they will be useful.」<br/>
I took one of the books and things regarding magic tools were written there.<br/>
It was filled with the method to create one or the principles behind it.<br/>
Poyopoyo took the other books and flipped the pages with an amazing pace.<br/>
「You, are you reading it properly like that?」<br/>
Poyopoyo answered without stopping her hand from flipping the book.<br/>
「To be more accurate I’m copying it but, I’m also confirming the data so there’s no problem. It’s more primitive than I imagined.」<br/>
Clara-san was slightly bewildered.<br/>
「What’s written in that book is the basics of the basics. The recent magic tools have their method of creation kept secret. Or rather, does Poyopoyo-san have the same Art like mine?」<br/>
I looked at Clara-san.<br/>
「Clara-san has an Art?」<br/>
She nodded a bit shyly and then she showed her Art to me.<br/>
「My Art is peculiar. It’s rare but it’s a type of Art that doesn’t have any stage. I’m grateful just from manifesting it but, it’s not useful for battle.」<br/>
Clara-san spread out her hands and there a book appeared.<br/>
Poyopoyo opened her eyes wide.<br/>
「……Are you lying about it not being useful? Just now, this person manifested a book from empty air.」<br/>
The Third who loved reading was showing interest.<br/>
"Nice. Clara-chan is amazing. How should I say it, she’s a talent that cannot be let go."<br/>
The Third who was usually easygoing was showing a strong interest in Clara-san. The way he spoke was like he wanted to bring her into my party.<br/>
Clara-san shook her head.<br/>
「My Art is Walking Library……to put it simply, I’m safekeeping the books that I have personally read until now. I can turn my knowledge into the shape of a book like this.」<br/>
I was honestly impressed.<br/>
「That’s an amazing ability. It might not be useful for battle, but isn’t it a precious Art for anything else than that?」<br/>
However, Clara-san shook her head.<br/>
「There are a lot of people with similar, no, even more excellent Arts of the same type than me. Those kinds of people are recruited as staff in the Academy or the library. I’m not recruited by them.」<br/>
Clara-san said that her Art was inferior compared to others.<br/>
She said that she wasn’t evaluated highly by the academy and the library.<br/>
「It’s like I have a library inside me. I’m imagining it like the book I’m reading is placed into the bookshelves there. I can take the book out and manifest it anytime I like, but other people can comprehend all the letters that are written inside a book just by touching it. They can also easily remove unnecessary knowledge, and in addition they can also easily reproduce the book.」<br/>
It seemed Clara-san was told that her ability was lower in every aspect.<br/>
Poyopoyo took the book that Clara-san manifested in her hand and stared at it from various angles.<br/>
「I’m working as a supporter also because I can’t work at the Academy or the library. Well, if I’m living here I can read as I please so I’m satisfied.」<br/>
Clara-san seemed to think it was really surprising that Poyopoyo had the same Art like her.<br/>
However, Poyopoyo closed the book with a thump and gathered our gaze.<br/>
「Unfortunately, I don’t have any game-like skill like an Art. I’m only saving the data I obtained from my sense of sight. Though I’m also analyzing the content at the same time.」<br/>
I was puzzled at the words game or skill. Were they ancient words? (TN: Poyopoyo said the word for game and skill in English here)<br/>
Clara-san looked apologetic, but I believe that there wouldn’t be any problem even if she didn’t feel guilty towards this girl.<br/>
「I, is that so. My apologies.」<br/>
However.<br/>
「However, there is no need to feel pessimistic. I think this is an amazing ability.」<br/>
I was impressed.<br/>
「So even you can show kindness sometimes.」<br/>
Poyopoyo made a displeased face in response to my impression.<br/>
「Wha, what?」<br/>
「I hate flattery. Even though I’m singing the praises of chicken dickwad, there is no reason for me to favor other people. That’s why this is just a pure evaluation.」<br/>
Clara-san was slightly bewildered.<br/>
It looked like she didn’t understand how to reply.<br/>
「She was acknowledging me wasn’t she? Should I express my thanks?」<br/>
「I don’t need any gratitude from anyone other than chicken dickwad. It’s a bother. However, will this copied book vanish?」<br/>
Clara-san shook her head.<br/>
「Normally a book made like this will vanish in one or two weeks, but in my case the book won’t vanish. Even the people at the library was shocked about that.」<br/>
However, it wasn’t like she was able to create several hundred books in one day by herself. She was limited to several books per day.<br/>
It seemed the academy and the library thought that there would be no problem with letting Clara-san go.<br/>
Poyopoyo was mystified.<br/>
「Won’t you be able to earn money just from producing books? Perhaps, do you have any plans of opening a shop?」<br/>
Clara-san looked embarrassed.<br/>
「Even if I sold several books per day to a second hand bookstore, I won’t be able to support myself with the money from there. Even if I want to open a shop I don’t have any money, so I’m working as an adventurer. Well, I want to open a bookstore in the future though.」<br/>
It seemed that Clara-san’s dream was to live surrounded by books.<br/>
The Third was also agreeing.<br/>
"That’s nice. I also want to live while reading for the whole day."<br/>
The Third who was born as a noble and could only live as a feudal lord seemed to want to support Clara-san’s dream.<br/>
Poyopoyo concluded the talk.<br/>
「Now then, this trivial talk is finished here.」<br/>
「Don’t say that someone’s dream is trivial.」<br/>
Clara-san was shocked from being told that it was a trivial talk.<br/>
It seemed I was mistaken to have a slightly better opinion of Poyopoyo.<br/>
Poyopoyo touched the cart with her hand.<br/>
「Rather than that kind of dream of the future that is possible to be realized, I’ll prioritize chicken dickwad’s order! Now then, I have learned the basics so I shall re-examine the design.」<br/>
Poyopoyo detached the cart’s parts. Clara-san and I looked at each other’s faces.<br/>
I was about to apologize for Poyopoyo’s attitude, but Clara-san was smiling happily.<br/>
「What’s the matter?」<br/>
「I’m a bit happy. Because she recognized my dream as possible to come true. Other people would tell me, think more about your happiness as a woman, or things like that.」<br/>
……I didn’t really get it but, it seemed Clara-san was happy in her own way.<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
