<br/>
Chapter 57 – Harem Party<br/>
<br/>
──Shannon was getting muscular pains in her whole body.<br/>
Anyway it hurt. The place she was heading to while enduring the pain was the room of her big sister Miranda.<br/>
She knocked on the door and a reply came back, so she entered inside. There Miranda was lining up some kind of tools on the table.<br/>
Smashed magic stones. Objects that looked like clay. Powdered things that were divided into small plates.<br/>
Even Shannon understood that those things contained mana inside, but she didn’t understand the details.<br/>
Miranda was mixing them carefully. She was a bit curt towards Shannon.<br/>
「What? I don’t want to be bothered right now though.」<br/>
Cold.<br/>
Before this Miranda would always smile at her no matter what, but recently it was different.<br/>
But, she had to ask.<br/>
「Does Onee-sama want to drive out the other women?」<br/>
This morning, Shannon heard Miranda’s argument with Sophia.<br/>
Lyle didn’t notice, but she thought that Poyopoyo noticed.<br/>
Miranda continued her work.<br/>
「Driving them out? That’s not it. I just want to make it clear.」<br/>
Miranda continued talking without looking at Shannon.<br/>
「I hate the attitude of not making it clear. A part of it is because I hate Novem who is trying to shape their relationships gradually but, if they don’t even like Lyle then it’s not like they need to stay at his side.」<br/>
When Miranda said that certainly it made her want to agree, but Shannon could read a human’s emotions with her eyes.<br/>
She read her big sister’s irritation and complicated feelings, but because it wasn’t a simple thing she didn’t understand what she was thinking.<br/>
「Bu, but, both Aria and Sophia look happy when they are near Lyle……」<br/>
The two of them simply didn’t show it through their attitude, but even Shannon could understand that they were trying to stay at Lyle’s side.<br/>
She wondered if that was how much Miranda wanted to chase out the other women to obtain Lyle. She pitied them slightly.<br/>
「Lyle isn’t really perceptive, and yet even though those girls know that they don’t convey their feelings to him. That’s problematic. They’re pawns that got domesticated by Novem.」<br/>
Shannon looked down.<br/>
(Onee-sama is cold. As I thought it’s that gigolo bastard’s fault.)<br/>
「Onee-sama, please return to being the kind Onee-sama like before. Onee-sama right now……is scary.」<br/>
When Shannon spoke her true feeling, Miranda stopped her working hands and turned around.<br/>
Her face was smiling.<br/>
The light of the work table was turned on. The backlighting shadowed Miranda’s face, making her smile look scary.<br/>
Shannon took a step back.<br/>
「Shannon, what are you misunderstanding about? I’m kind you know?」<br/>
A pressure to force an agreement from Shannon could be felt from Miranda’s smiling face.<br/>
Shannon quietly nodded several times.<br/>
Even though she didn’t think of her as kind inside her heart──<br/>
.<br/>
The library in Arumsaas.<br/>
I showed my face there and visited Clara-san who was going there so frequently she was called the library’s master.<br/>
She was an adventurer who was living in Arumsaas.<br/>
She was a support specialist, but she was far more knowledgeable about Arumsaas than us.<br/>
We drank tea at the library’s break room while facing each other with a small round table between us.<br/>
「If I speak from the conclusion, there is no easy method to conquer the dungeon.」<br/>
My shoulders dropped.<br/>
「That’s, right isn’t it.」<br/>
The topic of my consultation was of course about "conquering the underground dungeon in the state where using the Arts was forbidden".<br/>
Clara-san knew about our circumstances so she was suited to becoming my consulting partner.<br/>
Recently there was this stiff atmosphere between the party members. I didn’t like it and ended up going out a lot. Because of that, the number of times I consulted with Clara-san who was an acquaintance increased.<br/>
Clara-san took off her glasses and wiped the lenses.<br/>
「Lyle-san and others are excellent as adventurers. But, there are too many things you are lacking in order to conquer floor B30. If you force yourself in your state of being forbidden to use the convenient Arts, you will lose your life.」<br/>
「Are we that terrible? No, certainly we were overly reliant on the Arts though.」<br/>
The reason why the ancestors forbid me to use the Arts, could it be because they thought of us as lacking in actual strength?<br/>
They wouldn’t teach me the reason even if I asked them.<br/>
Regarding the task, they didn’t butt in at all with it unlike before so it made me anxious instead.<br/>
They were hiding something.<br/>
「I think that everyone is skilled. But, it’s because the number of your party members is simply too few. Miranda-san has joined in, but I don’t think that your party will be able to progress inside the dungeon with just that. Or rather, how does Lyle-san evaluate the strength of everyone?」<br/>
In response to Clara-san’s question, I felt a bit embarrassed but I started speaking about my comrades.<br/>
「……Novem is amazing as a magician. Perhaps she is even better than me. Aria-san is strong, and she can also use an Art. Sophia-san is also strong with how she swings around that large axe. Miranda-san is……how should I say it, she is an all-rounder?」<br/>
It was the Second who was dumbfounded with my evaluation.<br/>
"You called that evaluation? As expected those girls are pitiful if you’re like that."<br/>
The Fourth was also exasperated.<br/>
"There is more that you should notice from them."<br/>
Clara-san also looked at me and sighed slightly.<br/>
「You should evaluate your comrades more properly. You’re the leader. There will also be times when people die because of your orders. Well, in Lyle-san’s case, it will be a route of you losing your own life before your comrades getting subsequently annihilated.」<br/>
When I was going to say that such thing wouldn’t happen, Clara-san put on her glasses.<br/>
「Lyle-san fundamentally can do anything by yourself. Anything. Because of that, if Lyle-san is gone then the party won’t be able to function.」<br/>
When I fell silent, Clara-san taught me the correct way of conquering the dungeon.<br/>
「If you’re aiming for floor B30, it will be possible if you gather around 50 people to conquer the dungeon.」<br/>
「Fifty? That many?」<br/>
「It’s not like you need to make all of them into party members. If there are no people then you can borrow them from other places. That’s the method in Arumsaas. Besides, there are also freelance adventurers.」<br/>
However, not all of them could be trusted. Clara-san warned.<br/>
「Everyone polishing their cooperation, increasing the number of people……well, if there are two or three years, then I believe that you will surely manage to conquer floor B30.」<br/>
It seemed that it would take three years in Clara-san’s estimation.<br/>
「I, it’ll take three years?」<br/>
「That’s the norm. Please understand that from the perspective of other common adventurers, Lyle-san’s perception is the strange one.」<br/>
However, here I had a thought.<br/>
Would it be alright to recruit more party members when even the current members were in friction against each other?<br/>
Wouldn’t the atmosphere become even worse?<br/>
If possible, I didn’t want to invite even more trouble than now.<br/>
「Ca, can’t the number of people be narrowed down further? You know, like challenging with elite few or something.」<br/>
Clara-san thought for a bit about my idea before answering.<br/>
「That’s also one answer. Decreasing the number of people means that the burden on each one will increase so, if each one trained……the number can be decreased to around thirty people.」<br/>
Even so I would still need thirty people it seemed.<br/>
「I think that everyone will be able to become first class adventurers in five years.」<br/>
「Fi, five years!?」<br/>
If we took that much time, I got the feeling that we would be overtaken by Rondo-san’s group who we knew from Dalien.<br/>
As expected five years was…….<br/>
「Regarding the supporters, you will be able to decrease the number if you use tools. Perhaps it will be different if you can use puppets like Professor Damien though.」<br/>
「That’s it!」<br/>
I stood up from the chair and grasped Clara-san’s hand.<br/>
Clara-san’s left hand was prosthetic. My hands wrapped up the metallic rugged hand and the small hand into a grasp.<br/>
「Thank you very much, Clara-san!」<br/>
Clara-san’s glasses shifted slightly. Her face that was lacking in expression was becoming slightly red.<br/>
「Eh, that……I, I’m troubled. Please let go.」<br/>
Clara-san tried to take away her hands.<br/>
I let go.<br/>
If it was professor Damian Valle who was my acquaintance in the Academy, then he might know some good way.<br/>
「I’ll come to consult you again!」<br/>
Clara-san cautioned me.<br/>
「Ple, please be quiet in the library!」<br/>
Her voice was feeble and really flustered. Clara-san’s loudest voice wasn’t that loud.<br/>
I waved my hand with a smile and then left the library.<br/>
.<br/>
Arumsaas’s Academy.<br/>
The Academy’s problem child Damian Valle, who was called one of the Seven Best behind his back.<br/>
He had an alias "Puppet User". Just like that name suggested, he was able to control multiple puppets at the same time.<br/>
Certainly a magic that could do the work of several people alone was convenient, but no one except Damian could use the magic skillfully.<br/>
Even if ordinary people had some talent, controlling a puppet was difficult. Concentration was needed just to control one puppet.<br/>
He taught me that magic before this. I visited Professor Damian’s laboratory in order to consult whether this could be used somehow but…….<br/>
「Hics. Hics……I, I. I absolutely won’t give up.」<br/>
When I entered the lab, the small Damian was sitting on a chair while hugging his knees.<br/>
Damian was sobbing. His appearance was cleaner than before. But, his messy hair was still like before. He took off his glasses and wiped his eyes with his sleeve.<br/>
Diagonally behind such Damian was an automaton who was similar to Poyopoyo standing with a straight posture.<br/>
Perhaps it was only my imagination but her face looked glossy.<br/>
Her difference from Poyopoyo was her long silky black hair and the subdued deep blue maid uniform she was wearing.<br/>
This one felt like an orthodox maid. Her self-assertion also seemed to be lower than our Poyopoyo.<br/>
「O, oi, are you alright?」<br/>
When I called out worriedly, the automaton opened her mouth.<br/>
She instantly answered with a really nice smile.<br/>
「It’s alright. Goshujin-sama only became slightly more adult.」<br/>
The Sixth inside the Jewel muttered with a sympathetic voice.<br/>
"……So he was finally eaten."<br/>
Damian turned his face towards me.<br/>
His eyes that were red from crying were painful to look at.<br/>
「I’m fine. I’m still fine. I was naïve. The ancient people were even more perverted than me. But, I absolutely won’t lose!」<br/>
He seemed to resolve himself about something, so for now I cheered him on.<br/>
「I see. I don’t really get it but do your best. Setting that aside, actually I’ve something to consult with you.」<br/>
When I brought up the topic, the automaton started moving and prepared tea.<br/>
The laboratory that previously was so cluttered was now tidy and cleanly kept in order. Surely the automaton was the one cleaning it.<br/>
Damian and I had gotten really open with each other after I visited here several times.<br/>
I drank the prepared tea while consulting whether puppets could be used in order to solve the lack of people.<br/>
Damian’s answer was──<br/>
「Yeah, it’s impossible.」<br/>
──Instant rejection.<br/>
「You don’t need to say it that bluntly like that.」<br/>
「It’s not that. I have a rare special talent. I’m able to think about multiple things at the same time. It’s not that I’m thinking about various things together, I’m able to divide my thought into several and think of them separately at the same time. Other people can’t comprehend it though.」<br/>
The Seventh muttered.<br/>
"……Parallel thought huh. I too have heard about it, but I didn’t think it actually existed."<br/>
I spoke out the Seventh’s muttering.<br/>
「Parallel thought?」<br/>
「Oh, you’re knowledgeable. That’s it. A normal thought. A thought about my research. A thought about controlling puppet. Even now I’m thinking several thoughts about my research at the same time. That’s why I know. Concentration is needed for puppet control. You might be able to move two at the same time if you get used to it. But if Lyle controls puppets, you yourself won’t be able to do anything during that time. That’ll be meaningless.」<br/>
My shoulders dropped.<br/>
「So it’s no good.」<br/>
「I think that if you get used to it you can move one puppet while moving your own body but……it will be faster to increase the number of your party members.」<br/>
He said it like it was easy, but it was difficult to add a member into the party.<br/>
The ability of the person played a part, but what was important was their personality.<br/>
Besides……if possible I wanted to refrain from adding more girls.<br/>
Novem took the initiative to add more girls into the party, but I would be fine with a more normal party.<br/>
「I want to increase our number but, I have to consider their personality and ability too.」<br/>
Damian didn’t seem to understand.<br/>
「I think that compromise is also necessary for the sake of accomplishing your objective though. I don’t understand the meaning of you limiting the use of your Arts until that far.」<br/>
「No, it’s for the future or something……」<br/>
It wasn’t forbidden because of my own will. Because of that my reply became vague.<br/>
「Then it’s all the more important. If you’re thinking about the future, you can just polish the effective method you were doing until now. You can prepare a group that can function if there is you, and if you become unable to move the group can just stay put while protecting you. That way is efficient.」<br/>
I considered it.<br/>
Certainly, it would be efficient like that.<br/>
In case I became unable to move, the party could just focus on defending at that spot. In case I died……let’s stop. I didn’t really want to think about it.<br/>
「The methods differed too much when you can use Arts and when you can’t, that’s really troubling.」<br/>
I folded my arms and pondered Damian’s words, but then the automaton spoke out.<br/>
「Can I interrupt for a bit?」<br/>
「Yes?」<br/>
「I wish that you won’t stay for long and steal my alone time with Goshujin-sama, so I’ll say it simply.」<br/>
The Third was slightly appalled.<br/>
"Eh, what? Don’t tell me, this girl is telling a guest that he is a bother so go home? Is that how a maid should act?"<br/>
I was also surprised by the automaton’s action, but she just continued talking.<br/>
「Won’t it be better if you consult about this matter with that piece of junk? Even that thing is more or less an automaton, so she will be able to offer some solution.」<br/>
I’d pretend to not hear the thorn that was included in her words towards Poyopoyo this time, but would there be any use in consulting her?<br/>
「Consulting Poyopoyo huh……」<br/>
Then the automaton started laughing.<br/>
「Po, Poyopoyo? That is really a suitable name for her. The nonexistent naming sense is also wonderful.」<br/>
……Was she making fun of me?<br/>
While I was thinking that, Damian was putting a ton of sugar into his drink while lifting his face.<br/>
「Poyopoyo? You gave a name to that automaton? Fumu……it’s a good name that’s easy to remember.」<br/>
The Fourth was shocked.<br/>
"There is also a guy who doesn’t have a naming sense here."<br/>
I never thought that my opinion would match with Damian.<br/>
「That’s right! It’s good isn’t it!?」<br/>
「Perhaps I should name this automaton too.」<br/>
Then the automaton who was making fun of me until just now faced Damian and smiled.<br/>
「What a wonderful naming sense. What kind of name will Goshujin-sama present to me?」<br/>
Damian thought for a bit.<br/>
「Simple is best so let’s use Lily.」<br/>
The automaton Lily made a guts pose in a position that Damian couldn’t see. Perhaps she thought that it was still better than Poyopoyo.<br/>
The Fifth laughed slightly.<br/>
"That’s certainly simple but, it’s better than Poyopoyo."<br/>
……Was it really that terrible?<br/>
.<br/>
I dropped my shoulders and walked towards the adventurer guild located near the outer wall.<br/>
I didn’t have any good idea.<br/>
I felt gloomy when thinking that I had to aim for floor B30 with a party that was in friction like this.<br/>
「I thought it was possible though.」<br/>
Securing a workforce by using puppets as a replacement for people.<br/>
If I did that, there wouldn’t be any problem even with few members. That was my thought but…….<br/>
「As expected, is there no other way than to diligently recruit people──eh?」<br/>
I brought my feet until the guild while thinking that there was no other way than the steady method of increasing the number of people and conquering the dungeon with a frontal attack. The reason I went here was in order to search for capable people.<br/>
I sometimes showed my face here to look for people that might catch my eye.<br/>
Then, I discovered an unfamiliar and conspicuous group.<br/>
I focused my ear at the talk of the group that was showing interest at the poster placed at the entrance.<br/>
There was one reason I thought the group was unusual.<br/>
「We finally arrived at Arumsaas. It’ll be great if we can find a new comrade here.」<br/>
A handsome young man with blond hair and blue eyes was talking with a smile to his comrades in front of the adventurer guild.<br/>
His comrades were three people. One of them was a woman dressed like a frontline warrior.<br/>
「Yeah. For me it will be nice if it’s someone who can be at the front more.」<br/>
Another person was a girl wearing attire with little exposure and holding a staff.<br/>
She was wearing a hat and covered her mouth with her hand. The guild was near the outer wall. A lot of horse carts and people were coming and going, causing dust to fly around.<br/>
「Rather than that let’s quickly move. This place is really dirty.」<br/>
A small and energetic girl had a short sword on her waist and dressed in an easy to move outfit.<br/>
「You’re right. I want to relax today. I’ll be fine even if I’m in the same room as Nurx.」<br/>
The young man who was called Nurx turned a smile to her and answered.<br/>
「There’ll be a misunderstanding if you say something like you’re fine staying in the same room with a man. Now then, let’s quickly search for an inn. It will be great if we can quickly challenge the underground dungeon though.」<br/>
Their state that still wasn’t used to Arumsaas was the same like me.<br/>
Yes, he──Nurx-san was, a leader of a harem party.<br/>
「……I, found it.」<br/>
Party members centered around Nurx-san who were all smiles.<br/>
This was exactly the ideal party that I was looking for.<br/>
There was no friction, and no one declared of being number one.<br/>
A party with a good atmosphere and everyone getting along well was there.<br/>
The Fourth was showing a complicated reaction. Even so he was evaluating Nurx-san who was bringing the party together better than me.<br/>
"They seem to be the same harem party like Lyle, but it seems he has more success than Lyle. Is there some kind of secret to it?"<br/>
The Sixth was watching enviously.<br/>
"I also want to know if there is a secret to it. If only I knew such thing while I was alive, I wouldn’t make any failure."<br/>
The Sixth was someone whose marriage was a failure.<br/>
He was raised watching his father the Fifth who had four other concubines other than the main wife. It seemed he thought that such a thing was normal for a noble.<br/>
Because of that, after he married he immediately brought back two other women to the mansion……his wife was enraged then.<br/>
From there he went through a very harsh married life.<br/>
……He reaped what he sowed.<br/>
I approached Nurx-san who impressed the Fourth and the Sixth.<br/>
「E, excuse me!」<br/>
Nurx-san was slightly on his guard against me who he met for the first time. Even so he responded to me kindly.<br/>
「Do you have some business with me?」<br/>
The other three women were obviously wary. They took position to protect Nurx-san. From that I could surmise the height of this party’s proficiency.<br/>
「Please teach me──the trick to manage a harem party!」<br/>
I bowed my head. In response Nurx-san was unable to find any words.<br/>
「……Eh?」<br/>
.<br/>
Inside a restaurant that was a slight distance away from the adventurer guild.<br/>
I was having a meal together with Nurx-san’s party.<br/>
I told them I’d pay the bill, but Nurx-san said 「I can’t accept that」 and suggested to split the cost.<br/>
Towards such a kind person, I vaguely talked about the present situation of my party.<br/>
It was because the ancestors inside the Jewel warned me that I must not tell him everything.<br/>
Nurx-san put his elbows on the table and folded his hands in front of his mouth while listening to my story.<br/>
「I understand. In other words, you are also the only male member in your party while everyone else is woman isn’t it? Then, it’s simple.」<br/>
「Really!?」<br/>
Until now I had no one who I could consult with regarding woman problems. The ancestors were also useless for this kind of problem. But, Nurx-san was different. He was a really reliable person.<br/>
When I looked more carefully at him, he looked radiant.<br/>
「A harem party just like me huh. Well, it’s easy for other people to misunderstand when I’m the only man while the others are women, but my relationship with them isn’t like that.」<br/>
「Is that so?」<br/>
When I turned my gaze to the three women, the three of them nodded, but their expression was vaguely showing conflicted emotion that couldn’t really accept it.<br/>
「For men, this kind of party is the ideal in a sense, so many people are jealous. Honestly it’s to the degree that I was happy when you called out to me.」<br/>
I was moved to tears when thinking that even a kind person like this was having it hard.<br/>
I also understood that hardship.<br/>
「I don’t know if my solution will work for you but, I think this is the only thing that I can tell you. Treat everyone importantly. This is my belief as a leader.」<br/>
Nurx-san made a serious expression.<br/>
「What is essential for a leader will change depending on the situation. Strength, decisiveness, ability to manage the party, there are various answers depending on the person, but I want to treasure everyone. They’re my precious comrades after all.」<br/>
Nurx-san said that and made a smile. He really looked dazzling.<br/>
His three female comrades were also blushing seeing such Nurx-san.<br/>
The Fifth was mumbling complaints.<br/>
"There is no romantic feelings, he said? Those three are obviously in love with this guy. In the first place, how are you going to treasure everyone huh? There won’t be any hardship at all if that kind of thing is possible."<br/>
Please stay quiet.<br/>
「Say, you said about treasuring everyone, how should I do that?」<br/>
Nurx-san thought for a bit.<br/>
「How about you declare that you want to get along with everyone for now? I think that Lyle-kun is a bit too reserved. It’s fine, surely everyone will understand.」<br/>
「Getting along with everyone……」<br/>
The time when we just arrived at Arumsaas.<br/>
If I’d be able to return to that time, then I thought it would be worth it to give it a try.<br/>
「Nurx-san, thank you very much! I’ll do that!」<br/>
I said that and left.<br/>
Nurx-san’s party waved their hands and saw me off.<br/>
That’s right, first it would be fine if I conveyed my feelings to everyone.<br/>
I wanted everyone to get along.<br/>
I got the feeling that it would succeed somehow.<br/>
I was overflowing with motivation. In contrast the inside of the Jewel was quiet.<br/>
Even though it would be great if they were always quiet like this.<br/>
.<br/>
When I returned home, I had a talk with everyone after the dinner.<br/>
However, the table where after meal tea was prepared was filled with an atmosphere that was heavier than usual.<br/>
It even felt like it was hard to breathe. Cold sweat trickled down my cheek.<br/>
I wiped it with the back of my hand and swallowed my saliva.<br/>
The inside of the Jewel was noisy.<br/>
"Wha, what’s this atmosphere?"<br/>
"It’s because Lyle said that he has an important talk."<br/>
"I, I want to run away."<br/>
"The atmosphere keeps worsening day by day. But it’s still better than a certain someone I think?"<br/>
"Who do you mean by a certain someone?"<br/>
"Obviously he meant the Sixth."<br/>
I moistened the inside of my mouth with my drink.<br/>
It’s fine. Nurx-san’s party was going smoothly.<br/>
Even I could do it……perhaps!<br/>
「I want……to get along well with everyone. Not just me, I want everyone each to aim to become a harmonious party. I believe that the current situation isn’t good!」<br/>
I said it! I’ve said it!<br/>
I turned my gaze at everyone’s face.<br/>
Novem made a troubled smile.<br/>
「If that’s what Lyle-sama wishes for, then I have no objection. Besides, I also wish to get along with everyone.」<br/>
As I thought Novem was kind. She understood.<br/>
But, I wished that she would stop recommending woman to me from now on.<br/>
Next I looked at Aria-san’s face.<br/>
She was putting her elbow on the table and drinking tea.<br/>
She wouldn’t look at my face.<br/>
「……There’s no need, everything is like usual.」<br/>
That’s wrong isn’t it! Before there were more smiles, and meals were also fun!<br/>
When I turned my gaze to Sophia-san looking for help, she was sitting with her back straight and her eyes closed. Her hands were placed on her lap.<br/>
「To start with it should be made clear who is the cause first.」<br/>
Sophia-san opened her eyes and moved it towards Miranda-san. Miranda-san was grinning while objecting.<br/>
「Ee~, I don’t really understand what you mean. Because, I love Lyle. That’s why I want to become Lyle’s number one. I only said that. What’s bad about it?」<br/>
The Second’s voice was slightly shaking.<br/>
"I can’t believe that this girl who give off the air of a really formidable adversary is related to our family. We were originally a house of a small feudal lord in a pioneering village you know?"<br/>
In the Second’s era, the Walt House was still nothing more than a countryside feudal lord with a small territory.<br/>
Certainly, it must be unimaginable that a young lady from a Viscount house would be a relative of such a house.<br/>
Aria-san stood up from her chair.<br/>
「Eh, wait a second」<br/>
I reached out with my hand, but Aria-san walked to exit the room silently.<br/>
Miranda-san folded her arms and provoked.<br/>
「It’s not like Aria to run away. It won’t be exciting if you aren’t more spirited.」<br/>
Aria-san turned around and said,<br/>
「It’s not my……you can just do as you like. It’s irrelevant to me. I’m……just something bought by Lyle.」<br/>
The process of how Aria-san joined us was a bit peculiar.<br/>
It ended up with me purchasing Aria-san, but I didn’t think anything about it.<br/>
「No, I don’t really think anything about that matter.」<br/>
Aria-san strongly clenched her fist.<br/>
「Then there’s no problem. I’m returning to my room now.」<br/>
Sophia-san also stood up.<br/>
「I’m going back too. I don’t have any intention to worsen the atmosphere from my end. I’ll apologize if I caused the mood to be bad.」<br/>
I saw off Sophia-san leaving. Poyopoyo entered my sight at that time.<br/>
「Chicken dickwad. Aren’t you going to ask an opinion from me. This Poyopoyo will even prepare an even more terrible scene of carnage if it’s for the sake of having chicken dickwad looking at me. Come on, please look at me more!」<br/>
「You just shut up!」<br/>
I made the automaton with strong self-assertion to shut up and looked at the remaining members at the table.<br/>
Shannon was hiding her mouth looking at me being troubled.<br/>
This girl……she was laughing.<br/>
I could see that this girl’s eyes toward me were saying 「Stu~pid」.<br/>
Novem stood up.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, I will tidy up for now.」<br/>
It seemed that today was Novem’s turn to clean up.<br/>
「Eh, ah……yes」<br/>
Then Miranda-san talked to me.<br/>
「Lyle, you want to get along with everyone?」<br/>
「Of course! I want the mood to be more enjoyable, getting along with each other will absolutely be more──」<br/>
The smiling Miranda-san was seeing through my heart.<br/>
「Hey, whose opinion is that? Somehow, I don’t think that it’s something that Lyle thought up yourself though? Even though you were only watching until now, what happened that you suddenly acted? Could it be……it’s someone’s advice?」<br/>
My consultation with Nurx-san was exposed? My cold sweat wouldn’t stop.<br/>
The inside of the Jewel was in an uproar.<br/>
The Fourth was twitching nervously.<br/>
"Do, don’t tell me it’s possible this girl also has mystic eyes!"<br/>
The mystic eyes to read and control people’s hearts.<br/>
It would be a disaster if Miranda-san possessed such thing.<br/>
The Seventh strongly denied it.<br/>
"No, as expected that’s……ho, however, if it’s aunt’s great grandchild then perhaps"<br/>
My gaze swam around──<br/>
「……I’ll go to the toilet.」<br/>
──I ran away from there.<br/>
.<br/>
──Novem was washing the plates in the kitchen.<br/>
Poyopoyo followed behind when Lyle escaped.<br/>
Shannon was yawning. Miranda led her until her room.<br/>
When she was cleaning up by herself, Miranda came back to the kitchen.<br/>
「Oh, you’re almost finished. It’s also my turn today so I’ll help.」<br/>
They were living together under the same roof.<br/>
They took turns with the housework like this.<br/>
Novem was expressionless.<br/>
Her side ponytail was placed on her back and then her hands didn’t stop washing the plates.<br/>
「……Why, are you doing this meaningless thing?」<br/>
Miranda was wiping the plates that had been washed with a cloth.<br/>
「Is it really meaningless? I only wish for those two to stand on the same position as us at the very least. I’m only disliking their attitude that won’t show their feelings openly and wish for Lyle to notice it. If they can’t do that then I want them to not be a hindrance. After all I seriously want to be Lyle’s number one.」<br/>
The party was greatly shaken with Miranda’s proclamation of wanting to become Lyle’s number one.<br/>
Novem had no intention to deny that thinking.<br/>
「I understand your feelings. But, I don’t understand why you expressly spoke it out. It’s troubling for Lyle-sama.」<br/>
Miranda smiled while placing the dried eating utensils in their place.<br/>
「I want to contribute to Lyle in a way that I thought as the best. You’re also the same right?」<br/>
Novem affirmed it.<br/>
「Yes, that’s right. But, I don’t want to be compared with you.」<br/>
After that the two didn’t open their mouths anymore until they finished cleaning up──<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
