<br/>
Chapter 65 – Cleaning Up<br/>
<br/>
──When Lyle fainted, Novem stood up.<br/>
She lifted up Lyle with her arms to lay him down inside Porter.<br/>
Monika was complaining to her.<br/>
「Taking care of chicken dickwad is my job!」<br/>
「Whose fault do you think it is that Lyle-sama fainted?」<br/>
Novem stared coldly, in response Monika didn’t draw back even for a single step.<br/>
「That’s why I’ll take care of him. See, there is no problem at all.」<br/>
The two of them were returning to Porter while arguing. Miranda saw them off and then she approached Shannon.<br/>
「Shannon, are you okay?」<br/>
Shannon nodded at Miranda who was acting like a big sister.<br/>
「Poyopoyo──not that. That Monika, her body was repaired. She was repaired by sucking the gigolo bastard’s mana. Don’t you think that’s impossible Onee-sama?」<br/>
The reason Shannon was disturbed was because she saw the flow of a large amount of mana flowing out from Lyle and into Monika.<br/>
It wasn’t because she couldn’t accept Monika’s death and lost her cool.<br/>
Miranda shrugged and warned her.<br/>
「Don’t call Lyle gigolo bastard. More importantly, I have some business to take care of, so I’ll act alone.」<br/>
Shannon clutched Miranda’s clothes. She was calmer now than when the battle was going on, but she was still looking scared from uneasiness.<br/>
「By yourself? That’s dangerous Onee-sama.」<br/>
Miranda said 「It’s alright」 to the worried Shannon and looked at the bandits lying down on the floor. They were restrained by Miranda’s sticky thread.<br/>
Around ten people seemed to have escaped during the battle.<br/>
Miranda approached Sophia who was watching over the bandits.<br/>
「I’ll go observe the situation for a bit. Please watch over these guys while I’m gone.」<br/>
Sophia stopped her in panic.<br/>
「Please stop taking action alone. There’re enemies who escaped, so it’s still dangerous. Most of all it’ll disturb the party’s cohesion.」<br/>
Miranda smiled slightly seeing Sophia who was able to express her opinion more clearly than before.<br/>
「Oh, how levelheaded. But, it’s unfortunate. I’m only going to block the entrance. Lyle is also unable to move, so we have to be as sure as sure can be.」<br/>
Aria who heard that approached.<br/>
「Then, I’ll come with you. It’s dangerous to go alone.」<br/>
Miranda looked around.<br/>
「It’ll be fine. More importantly watch over these guys. I’ve restrained the black clothed men really carefully, but bluntly speaking they’re eerie so I want the two of you to stay here.」<br/>
The black clothed men certainly were skilled.<br/>
It was simply Lyle was too strong that they were taken care of in the blink of an eye.<br/>
Miranda thought of them as eerie because to her it looked like they were lacking emotions.<br/>
Miranda couldn’t help but feeling concerned of that.<br/>
(Just what’s the deal with these guys?)<br/>
There were also wounded men. The adventurers were groaning, and yet the men in black clothes weren’t making any sound at all.<br/>
However they also weren’t dead.<br/>
「I’ll leave it to you.」<br/>
She said that and left the room. Miranda entered the passage and aimed towards floor B29.<br/>
Miranda’s Art──it was something to produce strings from her body.<br/>
She was able to create strings from sticky strings until tough strings.<br/>
She could use the string to block the entrance or set up a trap.<br/>
Originally, doing something like that inside a dungeon was a manner violation among adventurers. If someone blocked a passage as they pleased, it would be a bother for the other adventurers.<br/>
However, currently there were only her allies and enemies in this location.<br/>
It was also possible that the bandits who escaped would attack their party once more.<br/>
Though the possibility of that was extremely low.<br/>
Miranda walked through the empty corridor while producing string in her surroundings.<br/>
The strings were moving as though they had their own will. They entangled with each other and then weaved to make a shape.<br/>
It created the shape of a skeletal structure that looked like a large feline carnivore. Miranda snapped her fingers.<br/>
The passage of the dungeon was made from concrete, and yet soil appeared from somewhere and enveloped the skeletal structure as flesh.<br/>
Before she created a spider when fighting Lyle.<br/>
However, today she was using a black panther as her model.<br/>
Miranda made the panther to be bigger than the real thing and got on its back, then the thing dashed through the passage and arrived at floor B29.<br/>
Miranda looked around.<br/>
「……I’ll have to thank Lyle.」<br/>
Miranda saw through that Lyle intentionally didn’t kill the enemy.<br/>
He must have been feeling considerate of them or perhaps of Shannon, who was still childish mentally.<br/>
「But, I’m a woman who will give payback for what has been done to me.」<br/>
The black panther broke into a run and entered the nearby rooms with Miranda on its back, searching for those who escaped.<br/>
She didn’t see any monsters. She guessed it was because Ludhor and his group had defeated them while following their party.<br/>
And then Miranda muttered when she entered the third room.<br/>
「Here they are.」<br/>
There were several adventurers who had escaped inside the room.<br/>
Miranda got down from the black panther and brushed up her hair.<br/>
「Go.」<br/>
The panther growled and attacked the adventurers inside the room.<br/>
She wouldn’t kill them, but the adventurers who were attacked by the large black panther that was more than six meters big lost their consciousness.<br/>
When the room got quiet, Miranda entered inside.<br/>
She looked at the supplies.<br/>
「Oh, they really brought a lot here.」<br/>
Water and food, and then a mountain of consumable goods like weapons and the like.<br/>
Miranda smirked in front of those things.<br/>
She looked for the container filled with water and threw away the content.<br/>
The water was dumped on the floor, but the mysterious working of a dungeon absorbed that kind of discarded thing.<br/>
After seeing the water disappearing as though it was seeping into the floor, Miranda replenished the water container with "water created from magic" in exchange.<br/>
「I’m not naïve. I’ll make you all regret targeting Shannon.」<br/>
Saying that, Miranda got back on the black panther and returned to where her comrades were──<br/>
.<br/>
──Floor B30.<br/>
Aria approached one of the men in black clothes that were restrained.<br/>
She did that in order to collect the weapons that fell nearby. She was on her guard while taking the weapon.<br/>
When she glanced at the man, he had a blank gaze.<br/>
「Really, just what’s with this. Miranda is going alone, and Lyle also fainted.」<br/>
It was then.<br/>
The man muttered in a small voice.<br/>
「……Celes-sama.」<br/>
Aria turned towards the man, but she was unable to hear it clearly.<br/>
「What did you say?」<br/>
She glared at the man, but he didn’t react at all.<br/>
It would be better if he at least showed some kind of reaction, but the man in black clothes didn’t say anything more after that.<br/>
「Just what’s the deal with these guys?」<br/>
Aria sighed while moving away from the man──<br/>
.<br/>
──Clara was having a talk with Novem about their plans for after this.<br/>
Because Lyle was currently unavailable, the girls had to take action by themselves.<br/>
「It’s dangerous to stay here like this. Let’s start moving immediately.」<br/>
Clara also agreed with Novem’s suggestion.<br/>
「I don’t mind but, what’re we going to do about them?」<br/>
Novem answered Clara’s question coldly.<br/>
Novem who was flustered from worrying about Lyle couldn’t be found there.<br/>
「We don’t have any leeway to take them with us to the surface. They’re academy students──or rather they’re nobles, so it’s troublesome to deal with them.」<br/>
Even if they brought them back it would be troublesome if those students harbored unjustified resentment towards them.<br/>
After Novem said that, Clara guessed it.<br/>
(It will be troublesome even if we hand them over to the guild.)<br/>
For better or worse, Arumsaas was a city where the academy had a greater authority than the adventurer guild.<br/>
A lot of the people that were enrolled into the academy were young people from wealthy houses like nobles or successful merchants.<br/>
The enemies that attacked Clara and the others were also nobles.<br/>
Obviously this would become troublesome.<br/>
「I also agree, but I’m worried about what Lyle-san will think. In the end, Lyle-san didn’t kill them. Won’t he oppose leaving them here?」<br/>
However, Novem was coldhearted to the end.<br/>
The devotion that she directed towards Lyle wasn’t directed to the attackers in the slightest.<br/>
「It’s realistically impossible to take all of them along with us. Besides, even if we hand over the academy students, who are the ringleaders of this, to the authorities……at best they will only get expelled. There might be retaliation from the Circry House because they attacked Miranda-san and Shannon-chan though.」<br/>
Certainly it would be impossible to move while bringing along more than forty people who were previously targeting them.<br/>
Even if they protected them while moving towards the surface, the food and water were limited.<br/>
Even if they obtained the enemy’s belongings, their party numbered fewer than the enemy.<br/>
Clara herself didn’t want to do something like moving towards the surface while protecting people who they couldn’t lower their guard against.<br/>
Besides, the possibility that trouble would occur after returning them to the surface was high.<br/>
Considering the hasty and simplistic actions of the attackers, it was obvious that they would only hold unjustified resentment for them.<br/>
「You’re right. Then, it might be better to move while Lyle-san is unconscious.」<br/>
Novem nodded.<br/>
「Let’s start preparing to leave. Besides, this is only their just desserts.」<br/>
Clara felt slightly scared at Novem who wasn’t like usual.<br/>
(Is it because we were targeted?)<br/>
Clara also started preparing to leave──<br/>
.<br/>
The round table room inside the Jewel.<br/>
When I noticed, I was sitting on my chair.<br/>
The ancestors sitting around the round table were applauding.<br/>
"Congrats~, you safely finished the task. We never thought that you would finish it this fast."<br/>
The grinning Third asked me about the task this time.<br/>
"Lyle, what do you honestly think about the task this time?"<br/>
I reflected in front of everybody.<br/>
「Was it to make me aware that I relied too much on Arts?」<br/>
I was relying too much on Arts until now.<br/>
The incident this time was enough to make me painfully aware of that.<br/>
With a party that didn’t function properly, I couldn’t do anything myself without any Art.<br/>
The Second scratched his cheek.<br/>
"You aren’t wrong, but that’s not all. What we wanted to see, was how Lyle would act in a situation where you were forbidden to use Arts."<br/>
「Me?」<br/>
The ancestors nodded.<br/>
The Fourth spoke about the true meaning of the task this time.<br/>
"There is also a bad side to relying on Arts. But, Lyle was also right in the aspect of skillfully using them."<br/>
The Third also nodded.<br/>
"After all using a tool correctly is only something natural. Well, it’s also important to be aware of its inconvenience but, it can also be said that there really isn’t any problem with it."<br/>
It seemed that the ancestors were thinking that there wouldn’t be any problem even if I fought by relying on Arts.<br/>
In that case, why were they testing me?<br/>
How I would act, was something like that important?<br/>
The Sixth seemed to think that I didn’t get it and laughed heartily.<br/>
"In short, what we wanted to see was what kind of solution Lyle would come up with in a situation without Arts. Honestly speaking, it would be fine even if you were more cunning you know?"<br/>
The Fifth spoke expressionlessly.<br/>
"The task was to conquer floor B30 in a situation where you were forbidden to use Arts. The silver weapon was also forbidden to be used, but that in itself isn’t a problem. Listen well, conquer floor B30 without Arts. That was the task that we gave you."<br/>
I thought for a bit……and then realized.<br/>
「Could it be, what you mean is……it would have been fine no matter what kind of method I used?」<br/>
The Seventh snapped his fingers.<br/>
"Of course. Did we say to accomplish the task with only your party? We didn’t say that. In other words, you were free to do anything no matter what."<br/>
I stood up in shock.<br/>
「Ple, please wait! Isn’t that strange!?」<br/>
The Fourth tilted his head.<br/>
"I don’t understand what you mean by strange."<br/>
I took a deep breath, and then I spoke of my thought to the ancestors.<br/>
「You all gave me that task because you were worried of me overly relying on the Arts, isn’t it? Right!?」<br/>
The Second nodded.<br/>
"Well, that was one of the reasons I guess."<br/>
I banged my hands on the table.<br/>
「Then, why are you saying that I was free to do anything!? I thought that meant you all were telling me to train things like our individual ability, or teamwork, or that kind of things more!」<br/>
I was thinking that I was given this task because the ancestors were viewing our insufficient capability as a problem.<br/>
The Second folded his arms and nodded.<br/>
"I also thought that. In fact, you all had come to Arumsaas, so I thought it would also be fine if your party members polish their respective abilities and you increase the size of the party. It wouldn’t take just several months. It might take a year or two year. It might even take you ten years to learn and grow stronger here. Even so that would be fine in my opinion."<br/>
However the Third laughed at the Second’s opinion.<br/>
"Is that so? I think that’d be a waste of time. In fact Lyle would be able to use Arts if he accomplished the task. If it was me then I’d join a party that could conquer floor B30. It wasn’t like we told you to defeat the floor boss with your own party."<br/>
The Third said that the task could be accomplished by asking someone who could defeat the floor boss to do so while we only needed to learn by observation. It made me felt dizzy.<br/>
「Using that way wouldn’t solve anything!」<br/>
"But, isn’t that the easiest method to accomplish the task? Lyle, you’re a bit too hardheaded."<br/>
The Fourth was exasperated at the Third’s opinion.<br/>
"How many parties do you think there are that can defeat the floor boss? Besides you would need to be lucky to find one that would aim until floor B30. One shouldn’t rely on a method that is largely relying on luck factor."<br/>
「That’s right! That’s the right way isn’t it!」<br/>
The calm Fourth fixed the position of his glasses.<br/>
"If it was me I’d make a request to a party that’s capable to conquer that floor and come along with them."<br/>
「You’re the same as him!」<br/>
What was different from the Third’s opinion was only in taking initiative to make a request to accomplish the task. The solving method itself was mostly the same.<br/>
It didn’t depend on luck factor, but in exchange there would be a financial expense.<br/>
"There wouldn’t be any problem even if you splurged somewhat extravagantly. Lyle has that much assets for that after all. Well, just remember that in the end this is only the talk of what I’d do if I was given the same task."<br/>
I was exasperated at the opinions of these two that were mostly the same and turned my gaze to the silent Fifth.<br/>
Was this person also thinking of a strange solution for this task?<br/>
The Fifth was offended that I was sending him a doubting gaze.<br/>
"What’s with those eyes? If it’s me then I’d use a solution that’ll also be more useful for the future."<br/>
「……By the way what is that solution?」<br/>
The Fifth put his hand on his chin.<br/>
"Let’s see. First I’d invite strong people and capable people into the party right away. You can also scout someone from another party."<br/>
The Fifth spoke simply that I could just gather capable people from the start.<br/>
「No, I won’t be troubled if I could do that!」<br/>
"Idiot. Your reputation wasn’t bad before your continuous failures. When your fame was on the rise after completing Damian’s request, you could have used it to recruit capable people by giving them good conditions. Otherwise you could also just hire people temporarily. There were a lot of things you could do."<br/>
When I thought that I didn’t want to hear this anymore, the Sixth affirmed my thinking.<br/>
"I also understand how Lyle feels. You wanted to defeat the floor boss with your own party didn’t you? I get it. I really get it."<br/>
「That’s right! I believe that if it’s the Sixth you would under──」<br/>
"Well, if it’s me then I’ll cooperate with multiple parties to conquer floor B30. In the first place whether you’re hiring people or welcoming them as party member, it will be troublesome to keep the relationship forever. There is this thing called affinity between people. You can first try working together with them, and if it goes well then you can accept them as a party member after that."<br/>
The Sixth said that if I simply needed numbers, then ask for the cooperation of other parties.<br/>
How should I say it, after being told this far then certainly I got the feeling that I was mistaken.<br/>
It would be better if I got closer with other parties.<br/>
If I did that, I might be able to obtain their cooperation.<br/>
It took time to finish the task because I was thinking that I had to do it with our own strength.<br/>
The Seventh told me the true meaning of the task.<br/>
"Lyle, regarding the result it didn’t matter how you finished the task. Even if your party spent several years working hard to grow stronger, surely that will also be useful for your future. You could also accomplish the task by making use of your wit. That kind of cleverness will be useful for your future. There won’t be any problem even if you relied on money. Because surely you will earn a lot of money from here on too. Even if you invited skilled people to your party, or even if you only hired them temporarily, that also wouldn’t be a problem. Though it was surprising how you created Porter."<br/>
The Third was really delighted.<br/>
"That was really surprising. I never even imagined that Lyle would finish the task with that kind of method. In a sense you’ve gone above and beyond."<br/>
It seemed that even the ancestors didn’t expect that I would create Porter that would then become a powerful ally in conquering the dungeon.<br/>
I powerlessly sat down on my chair.<br/>
「……It would be great if you told me that beforehand.」<br/>
The Third was grinning.<br/>
"We spoke of the task several times. It was Lyle’s own fault for not noticing it."<br/>
On the contrary the Second praised me.<br/>
"I think this is better instead. You recognized what was lacking from you and your comrades and tried to improve on it. And those idiot duo also got fired up thanks to Miranda-chan."<br/>
It seemed the Second thought that the two of them were growing up instead due to Miranda-san provoking them.<br/>
The Fifth looked at me and smiled.<br/>
"In the end, there isn’t anything like an absolutely correct answer. Even so, you can only continue to make your answer, that’s life. What was important was how you accomplished the task."<br/>
「This makes me feel like an idiot for worrying so much like that.」<br/>
The Sixth was laughing.<br/>
"Worry a lot. However, after worrying make your decision. The worst choice is to not find any answer after all."<br/>
I looked around.<br/>
「Come to think of it, what’s happening outside?」<br/>
The Fourth shrugged.<br/>
"We don’t understand because Lyle fainted. Well, you will be able to learn it soon."<br/>
It seemed the function of the Jewel was down because my mana was absorbed too much.<br/>
I wondered if such a thing was possible but, according to the ancestors the function was recovering so there was no need to worry.<br/>
The Seventh let out a small sigh.<br/>
"However, Poyopoyo, no, Monika was surprising. She could heal even from that state. No, is it better to call it repaired?"<br/>
With this as the beginning, an idle talk began after that.<br/>
I also talked with the ancestors inside the Jewel until I woke up.<br/>
.<br/>
──Night.<br/>
Lyle’s party arrived at floor B5.<br/>
Novem slipped out alone from the room where they were camping in and entered a room where there was no monster or human inside.<br/>
She confirmed that there wasn’t the presence of anyone around, then she touched the concrete wall inside the darkness.<br/>
She was expressionless.<br/>
And then she muttered.<br/>
「……Those who targeted Lyle-sama’s life are unforgivable. Even if Miranda-san had already taken measure, it wasn’t perfect.」<br/>
From the spot that Novem touched with her hand, red lines formed on the concrete wall like blood veins.<br/>
The pulsing wall was gradually affecting the whole dungeon.<br/>
Novem closed her eyes.<br/>
「……Aa, there they are. They’re trembling in floor B29.」<br/>
The way she spoke was as though she could see with her own eyes how the attackers at floor B29 were doing.<br/>
Like that Novem’s hand moved away.<br/>
When she opened her eyes, she returned to the room where they were camping as though nothing had happened──<br/>
.<br/>
──Floor B29.<br/>
The attackers were gathered.<br/>
Ludhor’s wounded face was wrapped with bandage.<br/>
He was muttering ‘it hurt, it hurt’ while complaining to the surroundings.<br/>
「You guys, do the preparations quickly!」<br/>
Miranda untied the restraints before their party left.<br/>
It hurt Ludhor’s pride.<br/>
「How dare those guys make fun of me. When I get outside I’ll punish them thoroughly──」<br/>
Ludhor felt thirsty and took out water from the belongings. He drank while enduring his pain. The inside of his mouth was also seriously wounded and it hurt.<br/>
「Damn it. If I know something like this could happen then I’d learn healing magic……oi, you guys, what are you doing?」<br/>
When he looked around, the adventurers and his friends were crouching while holding their stomachs.<br/>
「My, my stomach……」<br/>
「Is the water spoiled? Oi, someone bring medicine.」<br/>
「Why is this happening to me……」<br/>
Everyone had diarrhea.<br/>
Ludhor’s stomach was also getting odd and he went pale, but then the room suddenly shook.<br/>
「Wha, what? What is it this time──」<br/>
Ludhor had been beaten up, his stomach hurt, and he was getting cornered mentally. Everyone was also going through the same things as him. In that state they were witnessing monsters being born from the wall.<br/>
Ludhor and the others opened their eyes wide.<br/>
「No, no way.」<br/>
The number of monsters also wasn’t just one or two.<br/>
The variety of monsters that were troublesome even among those appearing at floor B29 were coming out one after another. They were looking at Ludhor and the others while drooling.<br/>
It seemed they were hungry after appearing only just now.<br/>
Ludhor pointed his left arm.<br/>
He fired his magic, but the number of monsters he defeated was two or three at best.<br/>
Monsters were appearing one after another inside the room.<br/>
「No. NOOOOOO!!」<br/>
Ludhor continued firing his magic, but screams quickly rose from the surroundings.<br/>
The attackers were killed without being able to fight back.<br/>
Ludhor got surrounded. Even his magic stopped appearing from his hand and he became unable to resist.<br/>
He began crying, and then he spoke with a feeble voice.<br/>
「……Ple, please help」<br/>
The words that he wouldn’t listen to when they were said by the adventurers he attacked no matter how many times those words were said. Ludhor continued to yell those words.<br/>
「Help! I’ll do anything! I’ll do anything so please help! I won’t do anything like this anymore! I won’t do it again so please!」<br/>
He continued to scream towards the monsters who couldn’t be talked with.<br/>
The monsters opened their large mouths towards the screaming Ludhor and bit.<br/>
The screams of Ludhor and the other attackers spread throughout floor B29 inside the dungeon, but there was no other adventurers there other than them.<br/>
In other words, no help would come──<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
