<br/>
Chapter 71 – The Worst Man<br/>
<br/>
I opened my eyes and woke up, then I went outside and checked the city’s situation.<br/>
The town was already just a step before total destruction. The next time the monsters attacked it felt like they would lose. No, they would definitely lose.<br/>
I looked up to the sky.<br/>
「Even if there is a wall there wouldn’t be any way to defend if a monster flew in from the sky.」<br/>
How to fight an army of monsters that was under the command of a Griffon?<br/>
I tried thinking it but, as I thought we wouldn’t be able to protect the town with just us.<br/>
Even if we repelled the monsters, it would be meaningless if the town was destroyed after that.<br/>
The victory that I should aim at is protecting the city, defeating the Griffon, and returning triumphantly to the capital. If I couldn’t manage that, I wouldn’t be able to get payback at the fellows in the capital.<br/>
He sent his daughter to this kind of place. No, it was me who brought them here but, he didn’t stop Shannon……well, no matter. Anyway, I wanted to deal a blow at that Ralph bastard who sent me to this dangerous place.<br/>
To do that, numbers were essential as expected.<br/>
「Before I made the whole logistical support into my ally but, this time it won’t be good unless I make everyone my ally huh. But as expected that’ll be hard.」<br/>
There was a lot of things to do.<br/>
While I was pondering what to do, the bad fellows inside the Jewel who had recovered their liveliness called out to me.<br/>
"You’re troubled huh, Lyle."<br/>
"It’s times like these that you should rely on us. This is our specialty."<br/>
"That’s right. Let’s work hard in order to defeat the Griffon and become famous."<br/>
"First it’s manpower."<br/>
"Muh! I got a good idea! Lyle, leave it to me."<br/>
"It will be the time for a fun hunting. Lyle, let’s start preparing."<br/>
I got a headache.<br/>
The ancestors were joyfully looking forward to the Griffon subjugation while the surroundings were in despair.<br/>
「Is there a way? It’ll be meaningless if we only defeat the Griffon.」<br/>
The Second was also recovering his liveliness.<br/>
"Obviously. It’s only natural to protect the town."<br/>
The Sixth was advising me joyfully.<br/>
"First, you should secure manpower. Griffons are smart. It seems that yesterday it also came for reconnaissance, but those guys have a habit to play around."<br/>
Play, it might not be accurate to call it like that but, smart monsters like Griffons would sometimes toy around with their prey.<br/>
This situation was also like that.<br/>
It must be cornering the townspeople slowly and hurting them bit by bit. From the story of Patto-san, if the monsters got serious from the start then a town of this size would be destroyed right away.<br/>
「Even if we gather manpower, the quality of the people who came with us is questionable. Even the people remaining in this town are unclear whether they’ll be able to fight or not.」<br/>
In this town there was almost no decent male help remaining.<br/>
Their morale was low, their experience shallow, and the town was battered.<br/>
It already looked like a checkmate.<br/>
「I don’t really want to say it but, won’t it be better to take Luka and his mother and run away?」<br/>
The Second instantly denied that.<br/>
"That’s no good. Will you look after them for your whole life? Besides……don’t think that a kid and a mother like them will be able to live properly if they go to another place."<br/>
The Sixth also had the same opinion.<br/>
"Exactly. Also I can’t recommend running away to you. After all, from the perspective of the Griffon, a lot of prey has just arrived. It won’t let any get away──it’s persistent you know?"<br/>
.<br/>
──A slight distance away from the town.<br/>
Lionel who was riding on a horse cart was telling his comrades.<br/>
「Hurry! Hurry and run away!」<br/>
They were walking while watching the surroundings fearfully in order to escape together back to Centralle.<br/>
They left the town before dawn. Now the day was entering noon.<br/>
「No way we’ll win against them with swords or spears.」<br/>
「Damn it. Damn it……Even though it was finally a chance for promotion.」<br/>
「Even though they said that you can obtain success just by coming along!」<br/>
Lionel yelled.<br/>
「You guys, do you want to die! Run away quickly!」<br/>
The youths walking outside the horse cart talked back to Lionel hearing that.<br/>
「Don’t talk when you ride on the horse cart alone damn you! Then how about you also come down and walk huh!」<br/>
「Thi, this is a loan from Doris. Besides, if we throw away the horse cart then we won’t be able to bring the food too!」<br/>
It became an argument between themselves and they stopped walking. It was then.<br/>
The sunlight was suddenly blocked and created a shadow.<br/>
One of them looked up and then dropped his spear.<br/>
「Oi, don’t throw the weapon away. Even that is a loan……wha, what’s the matter?」<br/>
Lionel raised his face and a voice「Hih!」 escaped his throat.<br/>
What blocked the sun and created a shadow was a Hippogriff.<br/>
It looked down at Lionel and his friends, and then it lifted its face to cry loudly. Its cry echoed and hurt the ears of Lionel and the others on the ground with how loud it was.<br/>
One of them yelled.<br/>
「O, oi!」<br/>
Without them noticing, the figures of monsters were appearing around them.<br/>
The road they were walking on got blocked, and monsters also appeared from their left and right.<br/>
The Hippogriff swooped down and trampled one of them. Its front legs were the legs of a bird. One of them was stepped on, grabbed by the legs, and he spewed out blood from his mouth.<br/>
「He, help──me」<br/>
They could hear the sound of flesh and bone getting crushed. His comrades couldn’t even flinch back.<br/>
The horse that was pulling the cart rampaged from feeling great terror. The Hippogriff bit the horse’s neck with its beak.<br/>
Lionel who was watching that scene from the cart was,<br/>
「HiiYAAAAA!!」<br/>
He yelled that and jumped down from the cart, then he ran away at full speed.<br/>
When his friends followed after him and started escaping, the monsters chased them. One of them got overtaken by a fast monster that looked like a dog and fell behind.<br/>
「Don’t leave me! Help. Help──!」<br/>
Lionel stripped the armor he wore and threw it away while running. His comrades also imitated him and threw away their weapon while running.<br/>
They turned back on the road they came from, and then when they finally arrived at the walled town……the number of his comrades had been reduced to five──<br/>
.<br/>
There were people who escaped from the city.<br/>
When I heard that it was Lionel, I almost complained just what the hell that guy was doing. But, the Third told me"Eh? Lyle also spoke about running away right?" with a lot of sarcasm so I closed my mouth.<br/>
But, the problem was the fact that there were people who ran away, and the fact that they failed in doing that were coming to light at the same time.<br/>
It was bad news for the townspeople and the subjugation force.<br/>
Lionel and his friends who threw away their equipment and ran back here were sitting on the ground of the plaza.<br/>
Novem was looking at them coldly.<br/>
「Does Novem hate Lionel? No, I also don’t like him though.」<br/>
「I don’t hate him. But, I don’t have any like for him.」<br/>
It was a tricky answer. However, it was also rare for Novem to reject an individual to this degree.<br/>
Morris-san was asking the opinion of Norma-san.<br/>
「At this rate we also cannot escape. Commander, we should resolve ourselves.」<br/>
「Re, resolve? What resolve! I don’t want. Who……who will want to die at this kind of place! Tha, that’s right. Morris, you become bait! I’ll report this situation to the capital. Ye, yeah. That’s right. That’s good. If I do that, it won’t be running away. I alone will be saved.」<br/>
Perhaps she was deranged, Norma-san didn’t even try to hide that she wanted to get saved alone. She didn’t even think what her subordinates who heard that would think of her.<br/>
The Fifth muttered.<br/>
"……Let’s kill her."<br/>
I gripped the Jewel. The Seventh explained to me.<br/>
"No matter what we’re going to do, Norma right now is nothing but a hindrance. Listen, Lyle……the case of getting killed by your allies on a battlefield is not rare. An incompetent commander will expose the whole army to danger. Don’t you think it’ll be better for such commander to dissappear?"<br/>
Looking at the deranged Norma-san, certainly it was unthinkable that she would be able to take command properly.<br/>
Morris-san forcefully led Norma-san away and the crowd dispersed.<br/>
The Third was calm.<br/>
His tone was colder than usual.<br/>
"Morris-kun might be unable to decide by himself. He has indecisiveness in him, at this rate this town will be annihilated without being able to resist any. It’s also unthinkable that Norma-chan will hand over her right to command……then, we can only have her die."<br/>
No no, even without going that extreme……when I thought until there, the Fourth seemed to notice and harshly talked to me instead.<br/>
"Lyle, that’s just how important the position of commander is. Sometimes they also have to order their subordinates to die. They receive that much authority and reward, and yet if they’re unable to be useful when it’s time then it’s out of the question. If you wish for promotion and sought a befitting position then resolve is necessary. An incompetent who can’t do that will only be harmful if they’re promoted. Lyle, kindness is virtue, but the choice of not killing means telling everyone here to die just for the sake of Norma alone."<br/>
The Fifth was also harsh.<br/>
"Norma who is seeking a position that is beyond her means is in the wrong. Well, she was sent here because she is someone like that. Lyle, she’ll die anyway even if you don’t do it. Erase her for the sake of the future."<br/>
Norma-san would never hand over her right to command to me. That was the judgment of the ancestors. Besides, the whole army couldn’t be brought together with Norma-san here.<br/>
I understood what they were saying. I understood but…….<br/>
「……Novem, I’m going to talk to Norma-san.」<br/>
Novem nodded.<br/>
「Yes, Lyle-sama.」<br/>
Inside the Jewel, everyone said that I’m lacking resolve in exasperation.<br/>
.<br/>
With Novem in tow, I headed to the inn that was turned into Norma-san’s lodging.<br/>
The matter of Lionel became known in the blink of an eye. It made the townspeople and the soldiers to feel gloomy and depressed.<br/>
A middle aged man sitting on the side of the road was complaining in low mutters.<br/>
「They said it was a Hippogriff. Even though……even though I wanted to be successful in life and make her live in comfort.」<br/>
At another spot volunteer soldiers were forming a circle and complaining.<br/>
「Did you hear? It seems that the palace knew from the start that it’s a Griffon. We’re, just disposable pawns.」<br/>
「……For the palace, the jobless low ranked nobles are like trash.」<br/>
「Yeah.」<br/>
「The palace bunches will be drinking tea while laughing at our deaths. If it’s like this, it would be better to spend time slovenly in the destitute row house. It turns out like this because I went out of my way trying to be successful.」<br/>
「As for me, I got kicked out of the house by my parents and big brother, telling me to not return home unless I got some achievements. I already had a bad premonition. Shit! Those palace bunches, my parents, and my shitty brother too, drop dead all of you!」<br/>
The nobles who were barely at the rank of being able to inherit their house were gathering and complaining.<br/>
The townspeople were hurling abuses towards such soldiers.<br/>
「Fuck you all! Do you know how we’re feeling while waiting for help until now!」<br/>
「That’s right! When we thought……when we thought that help finally came, there are only cowards who came, every last one of you! Go fight! That’s the job of you guys!」<br/>
「My husband, he desperately fought until help came and died! And yet, you guys……」<br/>
The soldiers replied thoughtlessly.<br/>
「So what? After all, we and also you guys──are abandoned by the country! In the first place who can’t win against something like a Griffon! We also can’t run away, all of us are going to get toyed with until our deaths!」<br/>
Hearing those words, the townspeople were aghast and turned pale. There were even people around who were starting a fight and punching each other.<br/>
A gap was being created between the subjugation force and the townspeople.<br/>
Novem muttered.<br/>
「It will be better if Norma-san is at least doing her job properly.」<br/>
I could only agree.<br/>
「You’re right. If only she did her job properly……I also wouldn’t be troubled.」<br/>
We were abandoned.<br/>
The town was abandoned.<br/>
The region of Gioni that the palace cast away.<br/>
Surely from the palace’s point of view, it wouldn’t be a significant loss. But, from the point of view of the people who were abandoned, there was no way they could accept it.<br/>
「I’ll do it. ……I’ll make them regret it.」<br/>
.<br/>
──The town’s inn where the knights were staying.<br/>
Morris was talking with Norma inside a room there.<br/>
「No way. I don’t want to die. I’ll be successful……」<br/>
Norma’s hair was messed up and her complexion was bad. Morris sighed inside his heart seeing that.<br/>
(Even this person is quiet powerful though.)<br/>
She wasn’t incompetent, but she was overly self-centered that she was hated by her colleagues. Besides, she would happily accept even a blatant bribe and even sought it out from her surroundings.<br/>
Her appearance wasn’t bad. Because she used it to butter up a superior with power, she was also able to become a ten-man knight squad captain.<br/>
But, there were a lot of knights who hated her. There were knights who had their achievements stolen by her, and also knights who weren’t properly evaluated and looked down at because of her lies.<br/>
Norma would do anything for the sake of her own success. What she did was too excessive no matter how anyone looked at it.<br/>
(Even though she might become a hundred-man knight squad captain around this time if only she did it normally.)<br/>
Her skill with sword and magic also weren’t bad. Norma had the capability to succeed as a knight with her strength, and yet her personality was a disaster that obstructed her career instead.<br/>
「Commander, it’ll be dangerous if you don’t fight here. If you return, the palace will only blame you.」<br/>
「Don’t say stupid things! I wasn’t told that there’ll be a Griffon. It’s my duty to quickly report this to the palace. That’s right, it’s my duty. That’s why, immediately prepare for my depart──」<br/>
「Enough with that already!」<br/>
Morris who was usually gentle finally snapped. Norma was speechless. Her mouth was opening and closing soundlessly.<br/>
「Do you still not understand? We were abandoned by the palace. The townspeople had reported that there is a Griffon. Even the magistrate who ran away to the capital should have reported the situation. Are you seriously thinking that the palace didn’t know this?」<br/>
Morris was a knight leader. In Bahnseim, it was a rank above knight.<br/>
Above that rank was a ten-man knight squad leader, and above that was a hundred-man knight squad leader.<br/>
He couldn’t be said to be walking on the elite course as a knight, but he had worked as a knight for many years until now.<br/>
If he heard various rumors with his ears, then he was also able to guess what the palace was thinking.<br/>
(Recently, the higher-ups were considering the increase of the jobless houses as a problem. It must be the cause of this.)<br/>
Bahnseim was making use of this case to take care of that problem.<br/>
When the mishmash subjugation force lost, the regular army──the elites would be sent and there would be no problem. Rather, they should even use the annihilation of the first subjugation force as advertising.<br/>
The elite regular army defeating such fiendish monsters would become a topic that greatly enlivened the capital.<br/>
「Commander, we’re disposable pawns. If you return, you will lose your position and honor.」<br/>
Norma shook her head.<br/>
「Lies!! I never forget to give a bribe to my superior! Why do I have to go through something like this! I──!」<br/>
She was hated by her colleagues. That was all.<br/>
Even for the superior, it would be dangerous to treat Norma specially when she was hated by the knights around her. His other subordinates would be discontent.<br/>
Morris resolved himself in his heart.<br/>
(Looks like I won’t be able to go home. Well, my children are already big. Surely they’ll be fine.)<br/>
Morris had no thought of taking the right of command from Norma. He was thinking of his family who remained in the capital.<br/>
Then, a knock came from the door──<br/>
.<br/>
I could hear a screaming voice before entering the room. There was the feeling of grimness drifting in the air.<br/>
Even the knight who I asked to show us the way had a bad and unmotivated attitude. After he guided me to Norma-san’s room, he immediately left without saying anything.<br/>
Novem was standing diagonally behind me.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, I will respect Lyle-sama’s opinion no matter what is your decision.」<br/>
Novem’s resolved gaze hurt.<br/>
Surely, she was thinking that I would take the right of command even if I had to kill Norma-san. Depending on the situation, Morris-san who was managing the troops would also have to be killed.<br/>
……I don’t want to do that.<br/>
「I’m only coming to have a talk. Don’t misunderstand.」<br/>
「I spoke too much. My apologies.」<br/>
Novem was also a daughter of a feudal lord noble.<br/>
Perhaps, her resolve was even firmer than mine.<br/>
I knocked on the door and entered, there Norma-san was sitting on the bed while trembling and hugging herself. Morris-san’s expression also didn’t look good.<br/>
The Third was easygoing.<br/>
"Looking just from this scene, somehow it feels like Morris-kun has done indecent things to Norma-chan."<br/>
I wished that he would be more tense.<br/>
「──Lyle-kun, what is your business? My bad but, right now I have no time to discuss. Can you put it off for later?」<br/>
Morris-san talked to me apologetically but, I looked at Norma-san.<br/>
「If you have no motivation then can you hand over the right of command to me?」<br/>
「……A lowly adventurer talking big like that.」<br/>
Norma-san glared at me. Being glared at by a woman with messed hair and bad complexion felt really scary for some reason.<br/>
「I couldn’t get motivated when it was just a Hippogriff. But, although there is no problem with just exterminating the Griffon, at this rate I won’t be able to protect the town at the same time.」<br/>
「You claim you can defeat a Griffon? Have you ever defeated one before?」<br/>
「No, never.」<br/>
「Then shut up. No one is going to go along with your hero make believe.」<br/>
Norma-san couldn’t be talked with.<br/>
When I turned my gaze to Morris-san, he asked with an imploring expression.<br/>
「You──plan to win against a Griffon?」<br/>
「I’ll win. But, I won’t be able to protect the town at the same time. The request for me is to subjugate the Griffon and protect the town. It’s a problem that I won’t be able to protect the town.」<br/>
I can win against a Griffon. That was what I declared, but inside, frankly I didn’t know whether I could really do it or not. But, there was no choice except declaring that.<br/>
The Sixth sounded delighted.<br/>
"Good. If the other side believes it then it’s right in the bag for us! We want Morris at our side. But, Norma is no good!"<br/>
I continued talking with Morris-san.<br/>
「In this town there is the subjugation force we brought with us. In addition, although few, there are nearly five hundred residents of this town. We can oppose the monsters if we act now.」<br/>
The five hundred townspeople were mostly consisting of women, children, and old people who couldn’t fight. Even so, the number of five hundred people was big. Even if the monsters numbered a thousand, it was a number that made you think you would be able to manage somehow.<br/>
「But, you should have seen the soldiers we brought here. They won’t be able to fight properly at all.」<br/>
「That depends on the method. If it’s me then we’ll absolutely win.」<br/>
「Do you have experience in defensive battles?」<br/>
「None.」<br/>
「Then──」<br/>
I showed a fearless smile.<br/>
「My name is Lyle. Lyle Walt──the eldest son of the Walt House, a Count house. It’s fine, I’ve been taught something like doing a defensive battle.」<br/>
「N, no, if it’s only being taught……besides, you can’t predict what will happen in real battle. You can’t do it just from studying.」<br/>
Unfortunately, the Jewel that I had was filled with a lineup of bad guys with abundant experience. It was something that was packed full with the Walt House’s history itself.<br/>
「Then, if it’s you can you win?」<br/>
「……N, no, that’s」<br/>
「I know the way to win. If we don’t win──if I can’t protect this town I won’t be able to receive the reward.」<br/>
「……But, it’ll be troubling if you ask for the right to command. Ca, can’t we ask you to cooperate as an advisor?」<br/>
「No good. I want the right of command. If it’s for that then I’ll……」<br/>
I cut my words and stared fixedly on Morris-san. Cold sweat trickled down on Morris-san’s cheek. He could understand what I wanted to say.<br/>
「Besides……are you two alright with this?」<br/>
「Eh?」<br/>
「Getting tricked by the palace and sent here to die. Even if you ran away back there, only an execution will be waiting for you. Even if you fight as you are you won’t be able to win. What’s waiting for you is only an unsightly death. I’m asking you whether you’re alright with that.」<br/>
「I, I’m not alright with that. But just what can we do in this situation……」<br/>
「Leave it to me. I’ll make us win.」<br/>
The inside of the Jewel was quiet. The inside of the room was also quiet in waiting for my words. Even Norma-san didn’t say anything.<br/>
「Griffon extermination. Town defense. As long as we don’t accomplish these two then both you two and me won’t have any future. Do you understand?」<br/>
We could also run away but, running away with just us was also shameful. In the first place……the ancestors wouldn’t allow that.<br/>
「I have a way to change this situation for the better. I’ll protect the town and subjugate the griffon too. And then we will return to the capital in triumph grandly. Let’s report our victory to the shitty bastards in the palace with a smile. We, who they hoped to be annihilated, returning as heroes will be the best revenge! We’re going to watch their frustrated faces.」<br/>
I want to tell Ralph-san, no, that bastard Ralph this.<br/>
Haha~, it was shocking that a Griffon came out.<br/>
I wanted to smash apart his scheme.<br/>
Morris-san gulped.<br/>
「To do that I want the right of command. If you leave it to me, then I’ll make everyone here to be a hero. You can look forward to promotions and rewards. After all, it’s a Griffon subjugation. The palace will also welcome you back grandly.」<br/>
They couldn’t possibly not welcome the group that accomplished a Griffon subjugation. From the standpoint of the knights, seeing a group that subjugated a Griffon not getting rewarded or even promoted would make them lose motivation. The dignity of the country itself would also be smeared.<br/>
That was why, they would welcome us no matter how reluctantly. I’m going to enjoy the forced smiles of those guys.<br/>
That would become the best pay back.<br/>
While I was waiting for Morris-san’s words──<br/>
「O, oi, you’re serious?」<br/>
──I heard a voice from behind.<br/>
Norma-san was standing up.<br/>
「Will you really make me a hero?」<br/>
I nodded even while feeling somewhat surprised.<br/>
「I, I will. However, I’ll take the subjugated griffon. It will fetch a high price. In exchange, I’ll arrange so the achievements of subjugating the griffon will belong to you──」<br/>
「Yosh! I’ll hand over the right of command!」<br/>
Morris-san’s mouth opened so wide as though his jaws had come off and yelled.<br/>
「COMMANDEEEERRR! You, just what are you SAYIIINGGG!」<br/>
「Shu, shut up! If he says he’s going to do it then isn’t it fine. This guy will work, and I’ll receive the results! It’s this guy who proposed it!」<br/>
As expected this development was also unexpected for me. I planned to argue down Morris-san and somehow persuad Norma-san.<br/>
Novem was also making a complex expression.<br/>
「……Don’t you feel scared handing over your command?」<br/>
Norma-san snorted at Novem’s opinion.<br/>
「The possibility of dying here is high anyway. Besides, who wants to look after those idiots. Rather, it feels like they will complain and attack me if I try to order them around. Besides, no subordinates will follow me even with me holding the command! Thinking carefully isn’t this the best way? Because, you’re an adventurer. If this matter is over the soldiers will come back to me anyway. Honestly, I don’t want any fellows who aren’t even formal knights or soldiers so it’s fine even if you take them away.」<br/>
「……No, there’s no need for that.」<br/>
Morris-san was hiding his face with both his hands.<br/>
「Commander, someone like you is really…」<br/>
Even the ancestors inside the Jewel were dumbfounded.<br/>
"Is this woman actually a big shot? Is she not considering that she might get killed after her soldiers are taken away?"<br/>
"Haha~, certainly that’s not impossible in this situation, but she easily gave up her command."<br/>
"Certainly there is no soldier who’ll obey Norma. I guess it’ll only be someone like Lionel who is doubtful?"<br/>
"There won’t be anyone who listen to the words of a guy who ran away."<br/>
"H~m, this Norma girl……will she become a splendid knight if she is trained?"<br/>
"There is also the possibility that she wasn’t blessed with the right mentor, but right now it’s the Griffon that is more important."<br/>
……Well, anyway.<br/>
It’s great that I didn’t need to kill Norma-san.<br/>
.<br/>
I asked Norma-san and Morris-san to persuade their subordinates.<br/>
Novem and I went to Patto-san who was managing this town.<br/>
I told the gloomy Patto-san that I was taking command. But, when I told him that Patto-san only said「Is that so」.<br/>
I asked for Patto-san’s cooperation.<br/>
「I want to protect this town. Will you help me?」<br/>
「Even if you’re asking for cooperation, there are few male helpers and they’re completely tired. Just what are you going to ask more than this? Besides, even if we manage to subjugate the Griffon, this town’s recovery is hopeless.」<br/>
The Second talked to me.<br/>
"Well, if we win here, then that’s it for us. But, the task of recovery is waiting for the townspeople from here. With the town this battered, they won’t be able to get motivated."<br/>
There was a wonder drug for that kind of time.<br/>
I placed a leather bag filled to the brim with gold coins on the table.<br/>
The color of Patto-san’s eyes changed.<br/>
「Thi, this is?」<br/>
「The compensation for your help. Of course, I will pay extra to the townspeople who work hard. It’ll be better to have money for the town’s recovery after this right?」<br/>
Patto-san bowed his head many times.<br/>
「Ye, yes! Thank you very much! I’ll immediately gather the townspeople and tell them to help.」<br/>
「Also, I’ve a bit of a request.」<br/>
「What is it?」<br/>
I requested him to lend me Luka as an assistant.<br/>
「And then just one more thing. I will pay another reward for this.」<br/>
「There is still more?」<br/>
I asked for one more thing at the end and finished the preparation.<br/>
.<br/>
The town’s plaza.<br/>
The subjugation force and the townspeople were gathered there. Other than them, the people from the surrounding areas who escaped to this town were also filling the plaza to form a crowd.<br/>
However, the people who looked like they could fight properly didn’t even number 200.<br/>
The difference of battle strength with the enemy was more than five times. The wall was also crumbling. It was nearly impossible to defend the town.<br/>
A podium was prepared in that plaza where I was looking down at everyone from it.<br/>
「I am Lyle Walt, the one who is in command from now.」<br/>
There were still a lot of people doubting me in the plaza that fell silent. Putting aside the townspeople who had received money, the subjugation force was unable to believe me even if they were suddenly told that there was a change in commander.<br/>
I had showed them once how the others and I fought, even so they would still feel uncertain if the opponent was a Griffon.<br/>
「I have something to say first. ……I love high positions and fame, and then I also love money and woman!」<br/>
The people were dumbfounded.<br/>
They must be unable to understand just what I was talking about.<br/>
The mass who wanted to listen at how I was going to defeat the Griffon was taken aback.<br/>
Monica spilled a box that was filled with gold coins on the podium where everyone could see and formed a mountain of it. Everyone’s gazes was poured to the piled up gold coins.<br/>
Next, coming up on the "stage" was Eva-san and Miranda-san wearing lascivious clothing.<br/>
Eva-san was wearing her costume when performing.<br/>
Miranda-san was borrowing a costume from Eva-san.<br/>
Their outfits had a lot of exposure. Frankly speaking it was an overly stimulating appearance.<br/>
I made the two of them stand at each of my sides and embraced their shoulders before pulling them close to me. The two of them hugged me. They wriggled their waist and didn’t show any sign of displeasure. They even entwined their arms around me.<br/>
「I have obtained money and women. What’s left is only fame and high position. If you guys follow me, I’ll show you guys a good experience too.」<br/>
The mass was getting noisy.<br/>
In the first place, if I was asked why I didn’t make a serious speech……even if I did it properly, my age and attitude wouldn’t make anyone believe in me.<br/>
Rather than someone like me taking command, anyone would be happier if a man in his forties or fifties with an appearance that looked like he had a lot of experience showed up. I didn’t look like someone experienced in battle or a fierce warrior at all.<br/>
Even if that kind of person was less capable than me, the masses who didn’t know anything would rather choose the man who looked experienced as a commander rather than me.<br/>
In other words, I was lacking in age.<br/>
Then, I had no other choice but to take the audience by surprise.<br/>
Someone raised their voice. It was Lionel.<br/>
This guy was really nothing but a nuisance.<br/>
「Tha, that’s obviously a lie. There’s no way you can win against something like a Griffon!」<br/>
‘That’s right, that’s right’, some other small voices said.<br/>
「Then you can go hiding while shivering. You’ll only get in the way. But, those who follow me will obtain the prestige of Griffon extermination.」<br/>
There were those with gleaming eyes.<br/>
The large amount of gold coins wasn’t just several hundred coins. After all, we sold the blueprint of Porter to the academy before leaving Arumsaas.<br/>
There was also the mediation from Damian so I was able to obtain a lot of money.<br/>
「But, it’ll be boring with just that isn’t it? You guys want it right……these piled up gold coins.」<br/>
Someone gulped their saliva.<br/>
With this much money, one would be able to live for their whole life without any discomfort.<br/>
That was just how much money this was.<br/>
「……I’ll give it. If you guys follow me then I’ll reward you. One monster is equal to one gold coin. If you take down a hippogriff, then I’ll give you fifty gold coins. Whoops, the griffon is my prey so don’t try anything with it okay?」<br/>
Any kind of monster would be worth one gold coin. This could be said as an extraordinary term.<br/>
Someone said.<br/>
「You, you’ll really pay!?」<br/>
「Yeah, I’ll pay. I can earn something like money again easily. It’s a cheap price if I can obtain the fame of defeating a Griffon in exchange.」<br/>
Gradually the men, and then the older men and aging men, and even the women were gazing with gleaming eyes. Their greed was stimulated in front of the mountain of gold coins.<br/>
Even so there was still a guy who was in opposition──Lionel spoke.<br/>
「You’re just planning to trick us by saying that! You cannot win anyway so you’re getting desperate!」<br/>
What a contradictory guy.<br/>
However, my composed smile didn’t crumble.<br/>
I made an impudent, nasty, and villainous grin.<br/>
「Desperate? That’s not it. I have prospects of victory. And then, the money before you is the proof of my strength. I’m an adventurer. I’m formerly a heir of a Count house. I was driven out of my house, but I became an adventurer and made this much money. These gold coins, they’re the riches I obtained from monsters! I became an adventurer and had buried uncountable monsters until now!」<br/>
The murmuring voices came from the soldiers who participated in the subjugation force.<br/>
「No, now that he mentioned it, he defeated a large snake.」<br/>
「His comrades were also really strong.」<br/>
「Could it be he really can win?」<br/>
I explained that I had climbed up in the world using a lot of money as the proof.<br/>
「Do you want money?」<br/>
A loud voice came from somewhere.<br/>
「I, I want it!」<br/>
「Then fight! And then, obtain everything in your hands! You can obtain fame. You can obtain position. You can obtain money. You can obtain woman! A hero who defeated a Griffon. You’ll be praised until the next generation!」<br/>
「I’ll do it. I’m gonna do it!」<br/>
「Me too. This ain’t the time to shake in my boots!」<br/>
「I, I’ll join up too!」<br/>
Voices were rising up one after another. The plaza was enveloped in enthusiasm.<br/>
The preparation I arranged──the hired applauders were useful.<br/>
Yes, everything was a bluff.<br/>
In the first place, this much money came from selling Porter’s blueprint.<br/>
The women were also because of my request to them to act this time. Eva-san was used to it, but Miranda-san was also able to do this much skillfully.<br/>
On the other hand it felt like this would be impossible for Clara-san. Aria-san and Sophia-san too, they would surely make stiff smiles. In the first place they wouldn’t do something like this.<br/>
Monica didn’t want to change from her maid uniform, and Shannon was out of the question.<br/>
For Novem, I was entrusting her with various tasks.<br/>
I could only ask these two.<br/>
The Third was delighted.<br/>
"Ahah! They’re really simpleton! Let’s start assigning them work right away! I’m excited for the fight against the monster army!"<br/>
Even though usually he was telling me to be careful, why was he having fun at this kind of time? It was hard  to understand.<br/>
The Sixth was also in high tension.<br/>
"Now, Lyle──after this will be the beginning of a fun timeeee!"<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
