<br/>
Chapter 78 – Triumphal Return<br/>
<br/>
──The day Lyle and co. arrived at the capital.<br/>
The head of the Circry House, Ralph Circry was heading to the palace in a hurry.<br/>
It was already night. He received a summon from the palace when he returned to his mansion after finishing his day work.<br/>
The reason he was summoned was the rumor spreading in the capital.<br/>
「……That brat.」<br/>
He entered into the meeting room where the nobles were waiting even while feeling annoyed.<br/>
There were irritated people inside, and also people who were drinking wine quietly.<br/>
All of them were nobles with peerage that was higher than Baron.<br/>
They were real nobles with rank higher than Baron who were recognized as genuine nobles.<br/>
When Ralph arrived, the count who took the role as the mediator of the gathered people opened his mouth.<br/>
「Viscount Circry, have you heard?」<br/>
Ralph could only nod when he was asked whether he had grasped the situation.<br/>
「……Yes.」<br/>
「That’s good. It saves the time to explain. Now then, the reason you’re called is none other than this. ……It became necessary to reward the heroes who accomplished the Griffon subjugation.」<br/>
The Count’s face was extremely cold even while mentioning the heroes.<br/>
Ralph who was also the father of Miranda and Shannon understood what the Count wanted to say.<br/>
「Perhaps we should prepare medals and rewards.」<br/>
He suggested to give the subjugation force some money and medals.<br/>
But, the nobles involved with the military matter opposed that.<br/>
「Just that much reward even though they have accomplished a Griffon subjugation will make the kingdom’s dignity to be in question. There will be dissatisfaction if we don’t at least prepare annuity along with the medals and also promotions. The dissatisfaction won’t come from the subjugation force, but from the knights and soldiers instead.」<br/>
The Hippogriff subjugation force that they originally thought would be annihilated had unexpectedly accomplished their mission and returned. No one ever imagined that this would happen.<br/>
Ralph was in a position of a civil official.<br/>
His opinion often clashed with that noble who was a military officer.<br/>
「I wish that you will say something like that only after securing the budget for it.」<br/>
Ralph didn’t falter even when the other party glared at him.<br/>
A noble who looked weak-minded made a suggestion in response to Ralph’s objection.<br/>
「I, in that case, let’s say that the subjugation force has caused problems and punish them. For example saying that they had pillaged some villages on their way, anyway let’s invent something that’ll make it so we don’t need to pay the reward for the Griffon subjugation──」<br/>
The Count punched the table with his fist in response to that opinion and replied.<br/>
He was expressing his intent so that the other party wouldn’t speak anymore.<br/>
「The Griffon already entered the capital. Some adventurers advertised it extensively and the subjugation force is now treated as heros. When I hurriedly investigated it, the rumor has spread until the surrounding areas.」<br/>
The Count threw some documents on the table.<br/>
Ralph took them and frowned after giving them a look.<br/>
「That brat.」<br/>
Ralph’s muttering was directed towards Lyle.<br/>
There, the report was writing of the rumor praising just how noble and strong the subjugation force was.<br/>
It had become a hot topic in the capital from a little while ago, and then when people saw the subjugated Griffon they thought that the rumor was true and spread it even further.<br/>
The Count concluded in annoyance.<br/>
「Do you understand? We have no choice but to welcome those guys.」<br/>
There were several reasons why they had no choice but to warmly welcome Lyle and others. No, it would be more troublesome if they didn’t warmly welcome the subjugation force.<br/>
It would be possible to invent some trumped-up charges, but there were many people involved here. Too many.<br/>
And then the time.<br/>
The time to deal with this was too little.<br/>
A part of the subjugation force was already entering the capital.<br/>
In order to invent some trumped-up charges, they had to actually burn the villages that they stopped by along the way. The time for that was insufficient.<br/>
And then, if the invented trumped-up charges because they didn’t want to pay the reward──there was the possibility that the rumor of that fact would be spread.<br/>
What would the knights and soldiers that didn’t participate in the subjugation force think? Wouldn’t the same thing happen to us too when it’s our time? Yes, there was the possibility of people harboring distrust towards the palace.<br/>
If that happened, there was the risk that people wouldn’t act when it was important, or perhaps they would only act half-heartedly even if they were ordered.<br/>
The worst case was that even if they forcefully slander Lyle and the others, the possibility that the opposing faction within the palace would learn of the action of Ralph and co. was high.<br/>
Anyway, the demeritd of not welcoming them were too many.<br/>
The Count glared at Ralph.<br/>
「It seems that your daughter also participated wasn’t it? The man who brought along your daughter seems like a really reliable adventurer. You must be really proud as a father.」<br/>
Ralph clenched his fist hearing that sarcasm.<br/>
「……I didn’t think that he would be able to defeat a Griffon.」<br/>
「It doesn’t matter if that’s the truth or not. Let’s solve the problem that is right in front of us. We will grant medals along with promotions and annuity to the returning subjugation force. I’ll also have you prepare the suitable reward for them. You can do it right, Viscount?」<br/>
The Count didn’t say it openly but, he was saying「This is your responsibility. You clean up this mess」.<br/>
In the Bahnseim Kingdom, someone with some amount of achievement would be appreciated with medals and annuity. Every year they would become able to receive the decided amount of money.<br/>
In other words, Ralph was told to secure the budget to pay the annuity of several hundred people every year.<br/>
Ralph gritted his teeth, but he immediately fixed his expression and replied.<br/>
「I’ll immediately start working.」<br/>
The Count stood up.<br/>
「Right, I’ll leave it to you. Good grief, in this busy period──」<br/>
The other nobles also left the meeting room.<br/>
「In spring the formal announcement──」<br/>
「It seems that Viscount Circry doesn’t have the eyes to judge people.」<br/>
「His daughter still has better judgment than him.」<br/>
The nobles were leaving while exchanging sarcasm and snide comments towards Ralph.<br/>
Ralph was holding back from speaking roughly inside the empty meeting room. He told himself several times that this place was the palace. He didn’t know if there was anyone listening.<br/>
He calmed his breathing, put his fist on his forehead, and waited until his anger abated.<br/>
「I’ll make you regret making me──the Circry House into an enemy.」<br/>
With fierce anger towards Lyle in his heart, Ralph fixed his expression and left the meeting room──<br/>
.<br/>
The main street of the capital.<br/>
Riding on the horse while slowly advancing was the commander of the hippogriff subjugation force, Norma Arnette.<br/>
She was waving her hand to the surroundings with a smile.<br/>
「No, you should come quicker.」<br/>
Spectators were gathering at the surroundings to watch the heroes. They lined up and cheered.<br/>
The knights and soldiers participating in the subjugation force were also showered with praise and looked embarrassed.<br/>
There were also some among them who were waving their hands in response.<br/>
I was waiting for them at the plaza. Beside me, Miranda-san was standing with an expression that was slightly tinged with grief. A beauty making such a face made for a lovely picture, but it was reminding me of the matter yesterday.<br/>
She covered her face with her hands sometimes.<br/>
「……I’m ashamed.」<br/>
Such muttering leaked out.<br/>
I didn’t laugh at Miranda-san. I couldn’t laugh.<br/>
「I understand your feeling.」<br/>
「I want to forget what happened yesterday quickly.」<br/>
Aria-san was gloomy since the morning. Clara-san was locking herself inside her room. There were many problems.<br/>
Novem who was standing at the opposite side of Miranda-san was looking at Norma-san.<br/>
「……She is getting carried away. I wish she won’t let her guard down.」<br/>
Did she understand that we were a nuisance for the palace?<br/>
But, I felt envious of Norma-san who could get carried away like that.<br/>
「It’s nice how that person is honest to her desires.」<br/>
Novem also agreed to my muttering.<br/>
「Certainly it’s envious. ……I don’t want to learn from her example though.」<br/>
Norma-san was waving her hand on her horseback. She was enjoying this situation.<br/>
The group was parading through the main street in a line. Horse carts were decorated with a Hippogriff’s head or wings to show off their achievement. It was like a parade of triumphal return.<br/>
I didn’t tell them to do something like this, so this was Norma-san’s arbitrary decision.<br/>
Norma-san who finally arrived at the plaza was looking down at us from the horseback.<br/>
Her attitude was haughty.<br/>
「Good work. You’ve done a good job for a mere adventurer.」<br/>
She was referring to us returning ahead to gather an audience and preparing for the welcome.<br/>
Miranda-san instantly turned expressionless.<br/>
「That’s really a big attitude. Shouldn’t you show an intimate interaction with us at this place? It’s not like it’ll be a problem with us even if it’s someone else who becomes the hero you know? You……do you want to be crushed?」<br/>
Miranda-san’s terribly chilly voice that was mixed in among the cheers froze Norma-san’s smile and she hurriedly came down from the horse.<br/>
The subjugation force also stopped marching. They called out to their family that gathered in the plaza with happy expressions.<br/>
Norma-san asked for a handshake with me with her face fixed into a stiff smile.<br/>
She grasped my hand with both hands and then swung it up and down enthusiastically.<br/>
「Ha, haha~, Lyle-dono is reliable as expected!」<br/>
Norma-san was drenched with cold sweat. It was Novem who gave an additional blow to her.<br/>
「Lyle-sama is troubled. Let go of his hand.」<br/>
「Ye, yes!」<br/>
I shook my head at the two’s cold attitude.<br/>
「Both of you, be kinder. You know, today is everyone’s big moment after all.」<br/>
The members of the Hippogriff subjugation force that didn’t have any expectation on them were receiving the cheers of the people that were warming the chilly air.<br/>
Not everyone returned safely, but the survivors were rejoicing with their heads held up high.<br/>
Norma-san and I showed to the people how close we were.<br/>
「Now then, it’ll be busy from here.」<br/>
When I said that, Novem and Miranda-san also nodded.<br/>
「Yes. They won’t stay quiet after their faces have been slapped like this.」<br/>
「It will be my house that moves. Now then, what will they do.」<br/>
I made the Hippogriff subjugation force, which was originally expected to be annihilated, return alive. In addition, I even became the hero of the Griffon subjugation.<br/>
The people who schemed the subjugation this time──Ralph-san was surely feeling aggravated.<br/>
「If possible I want to settle it amicably──e, eh?」<br/>
There wasn’t any sign of the cheers settling down.<br/>
The people who were sending cheers to family who returned back.<br/>
The soldiers and knights showing themselves confidently in front of their families.<br/>
The family members who were looking proud……I felt dizzy while watching those.<br/>
My body abruptly became pained and it became hard just to stay standing.<br/>
Seeing my face turning pale, Novem hurriedly supported me.<br/>
「Lyle-sama!」<br/>
Miranda-san also immediately managed the situation.<br/>
「Norma, you go to the palace to report. I feel bad to throw cold water on those reuniting with their families but, take everyone with you.」<br/>
Norma-san waved her hand to the surroundings while replying to the flustered us without any doubt.<br/>
「I understand that much. No, I really understand so don’t glare at me! I, I’ll go to the palace right away.」<br/>
Miranda-san glared at her. With that Norma-san hurriedly mounted her horse and resumed the parade.<br/>
Supported by Novem, we left from that place with Miranda-san standing at the lead.<br/>
Miranda-san talked to me.<br/>
「This is troubling. Lyle, could it be──」<br/>
I was familiar with this sudden worsening of health.<br/>
There was no doubt──<br/>
「So, sorry. I won’t be able to move for a while. ……This is Pre-Growth.」<br/>
I couldn’t put strength into my body. It felt hard to even move……the Pre-Growth bad health that I couldn’t forget even if I wanted to forget made me unable to stop sweating.<br/>
Novem supported me and cheered me up with her voice.<br/>
「We’ll return immediately to the inn. Please rest quietly for a while.」<br/>
「Re, really……sorry.」<br/>
To think that I’d become unable to move at this important time.<br/>
While I was thinking that, I could hear a voice from inside the Jewel.<br/>
"……Mr. Lyle state huh. I’m looking forward to it!"<br/>
It was the usual voice of the Third making fun of me.<br/>
.<br/>
──The Hippogriff subjugation party was surrounded with cheers.<br/>
Someone was walking with dark expression among that. It was Lionel──Lionel Walt.<br/>
He was muttering to himself with a low voice.<br/>
「I’m not wrong. I’m not wrong. I’m not mistaken. The one mistaken is──」<br/>
The subjugation party resumed parading.<br/>
While they were walking, a voice called out from among the crowd.<br/>
「Ah, Lionel!」<br/>
When he turned towards that voice, there was the little sister of his friend who lost his life in a battle against monsters.<br/>
His friend cherished his little sister. He remembered that friend saying he would buy a present for her if he received a reward.<br/>
He slipped out from the walking group and approached the girl who was calling out to him.<br/>
「I can’t see Nii-san anywhere. Wasn’t he together with you?」<br/>
Lionel spoke with a voice that wasn’t filled with emotion.<br/>
「He died.」<br/>
「──Eh?」<br/>
「He died. He got caught by a Hippogriff and then crushed like that. There is no corpse. I also couldn’t recover any of his things.」<br/>
The friend’s little sister opened her eyes wide.<br/>
「Li, lies. Because, Nii-san is frivolous but, he promised that he would definitely return back. You lie that he died.」<br/>
In front of his friend’s little sister who was crying, Lionel grinned widely.<br/>
There was madness in that face.<br/>
「He got caught when we tried to run away together from the subjugation force and died. He died in a wretched way not while fighting monsters or anything, you can’t call it heroic at all. He wasn’t useful at all. He died from running too slow, so there wasn’t even any of his things left behind.」<br/>
The friend’s little sister was shocked.<br/>
「The way he died was so wretched it was funny. Even though it would be great if he could be useful for me at least, it was really a pointless death.」<br/>
Lionel was cackling. His friend’s little sister slapped his face.<br/>
Lionel glared at her. His friend’s little sister then ran away from that place while spilling tears.<br/>
Lionel wasn’t particularly moved seeing that. The spectators at his surrounding were saying 「What’s with this guy-」「Unbelievable」「Saying such horrible things to the dead person’s relative」 at him.<br/>
Lionel didn’t move. A knight who was giving instructions to the group approached him.<br/>
「Walk quickly. Don’t just stand there.」<br/>
The knight only said that and left.<br/>
Lionel returned to the moving group and started walking. And then he resumed talking to himself.<br/>
「That’s right. Even though I had given them that rare chance, I failed because those guys were useless. I’m not wrong. I’m not wrong. I’m not wro──」<br/>
Shadows were formed under his eyes. He was obviously abnormal just from looking at him. None of the subjugation group members called out to him──<br/>
.<br/>
The inn.<br/>
I who got into a bad shape from the Pre-Growth was in pain on the bed since the morning without being able to move.<br/>
「……I don’t want to move.」<br/>
The words coming out from my mouth were all negative words.<br/>
Aria-san and Sophia-san were nursing me who was like that.<br/>
「Lyle, you too have bad timing huh.」<br/>
「Indeed. Even though the negotiation with the Circry House will start after this……」<br/>
I’m really sorry that my timing is bad.<br/>
「I’m sorry. I’m sorry for this hopeless Lyle. I’m the hopeless Lyle. Abbreviated it’s Hopelessyle.」<br/>
Sophia-san looked troubled.<br/>
「This is……a serious one.」<br/>
「Is that so? Lyle’s Pre-Growth was always like this wasn’t it? More importantly, I’ll wipe your body so lift up your upper body.」<br/>
The two forcefully lifted up my upper body and wiped me.<br/>
「……It’s cold. It’s chilly. I’m freezing.」<br/>
Sophia-san replied seriously.<br/>
「You aren’t freezing so it’s fine.」<br/>
Seeing me who was doing nothing but complaining, Aria-san said 「Alright. That’s why we’ll quickly finish it okay?」 to me.<br/>
They wiped my body using towel that was soaked in hot water, but the inside of the room was cold that I felt chilly from the spot that was wet.<br/>
I looked around.<br/>
「……Where is everyone?」<br/>
Aria-san wiped my feet while telling me.<br/>
「Novem brought Eva and Clara to give greetings to the elf big-wigs. Miranda is shopping with Shannon. That Monica also accompanied them as a guard and carrying their purchases.」<br/>
Sophia-san was making a tired face.<br/>
「She was throwing a tantrum saying that she couldn’t leave Lyle-dono’s side. It was troubling.」<br/>
Aria-san sighed.<br/>
「It would be alright even if Monica stayed behind though. But Novem pushed saying that it would be good sometimes for us to be the ones staying at your side.」<br/>
The two finished wiping my body, dressed me up, and then let me slept.<br/>
It was comfortable that I didn’t need to pay attention to Monica, but it seemed the two of them were taking care of me due to Novem’s instructions.<br/>
……I wondered just what was she thinking?<br/>
The ancestors inside the Jewel were energetic today too.<br/>
By turn, starting from the Third,<br/>
"She might want to make them do various jobs. Well, I think that’s alright."<br/>
"That’s not a wrong thing to do."<br/>
"Even so, they’ve become reliable compared to before."<br/>
"You mean Aria and Sophia? As expected they’ll grow up if there is one year of time."<br/>
"One year……it will soon become one year since we started travelling together with Lyle huh."<br/>
When the winter passed and spring came──it would be one year since I was driven out from the Walt House.<br/>
There were various things that happened in this one year.<br/>
Aria-san went out of the room to clean up the bucket that was filled with hot water. Sophia-san was sitting on  a chair and reached out toward a book she was reading.<br/>
I could hear the sound of Sophia-san flipping the pages.<br/>
In the beginning, Sophia-san would be nervous when staying in a room with only me. Right now she could stay calm while reading a book.<br/>
The time passed quietly for a while before Aria-san returned and said to us.<br/>
「The outside is getting colder. Perhaps it will snow soon.」<br/>
Sophia-san felt nostalgic of the past hearing about snow.<br/>
「Snow is it? It was fun when snow fell in my childhood. When I grew bigger, snow caused the work to increase so I became unable to feel happy about it.」<br/>
Aria-san also agreed while lying down on the sofa.<br/>
「It’s dangerous with the ground freezing. The surrounding surface became pure white. Every year I’d hear about people falling into a river or into a hole.」<br/>
The winter was dangerous also because of this.<br/>
If  you walked in an unfamiliar area, you could slip and fall into a river──rivers during winter were really dangerous.<br/>
I was listening to the two of them talking quietly.<br/>
Aria-san was also feeling nostalgic of the childhood that she spent in the capital.<br/>
「I would make a snowman. It would be muddy and dirty, then it immediately got destroyed that I cried.」<br/>
Sophia-san also seemed to recall something.<br/>
「My house was in the countryside, so there was also a lot of snow and it was fun playing with that. But, it was really hard work clearing the snow.」<br/>
Because the territory that the Walt House governed was located in the south, the snow wouldn’t fall until forming a large pile.<br/>
The two’s story felt fresh for me.<br/>
……I had no memory of playing with snow.<br/>
I could only remember my memory around when I was ten years old. I didn’t know what I was doing before that.<br/>
Did I also play with snow?<br/>
I closed my eyes while listening to the two’s stories.<br/>
The past me……just what kind of person was I? According to my grandfather the Seventh, it seemed I was talented and also loved by my family.<br/>
That I was suddenly treated coldly when I was ten years old felt unnatural for the Seventh too.<br/>
Could it be that there was the answer within the memory that I forgot?<br/>
.<br/>
──Novem was taking together with her Clara who had been locking herself inside her room since coming to the capital. They were walking towards the haunt of the elves.<br/>
It was a place for the organization where elves who were performing their art in the capital and the traveling performer elves would help each other──a guild.<br/>
Eva was guiding them through the guild’s building that was located in a complicated spot.<br/>
「Clara, get a hold of yourself already.」<br/>
Eva was exasperated with Clara who was still looking dejected even now.<br/>
「……When, I still hadn’t lost my left arm, I belonged to a certain party. No, I was trying to join that party. It was a comfortable party. But, at my Post-Growth I became badmouthed and then I got expelled.」<br/>
She talked about her experience of getting expelled from a party in the Academy City Arumsaas.<br/>
With that Novem understood why she was going solo despite being a capable adventurer.<br/>
「We don’t mind. Lyle-sama is also not concerned about it. We won’t expel Clara-san because of that.」<br/>
Clara was looking apologetic.<br/>
「I’m glad to hear that. Thinking back, because such thing happened, I thought that going solo was more comfortable.」<br/>
Eva teased her.<br/>
「Oh, that means right now you’re having more fun than when being solo. Well, you’re strangely obstinate, so it must also be difficult to search for a party where you can do well.」<br/>
Clara pouted and retorted back to Eva.<br/>
「My only problem is my Post-Growth, I was evaluated highly other than that……I believe. More importantly, you yourself were wandering aimlessly between traveling troupes while traveling alone.」<br/>
Eva was brazen.<br/>
「I was alone for my own objective. I’m not like you.」<br/>
The two glared at each other. Novem was exasperated seeing them.<br/>
「Please get along better with each other.」<br/>
Eva brushed up her hair.<br/>
「I’ll get along with her if it’s as a party member.」<br/>
Clara averted her gaze from Eva.<br/>
「……I’ll carry out the role that I’m given.」<br/>
Novem was worried about the two’s bad relationship and so she tried walking outside together with them like this. She let out a sigh.<br/>
(Like this it’ll be better if I put some distance from this problem.)<br/>
Eva walked forward through the gloomy alley with practiced footsteps and before long she pointed at a building where elves were coming and going from.<br/>
「Novem, here we are!」<br/>
Eva was high spirited. Unlike her attitude toward Clara, she was kind toward Novem.<br/>
Clara muttered 「She is like a dog wagging her tail」.<br/>
Eva ignored her and opened the guild’s door.<br/>
Then, they found an unexpected person there──<br/>
.<br/>
──Miranda was shopping.<br/>
Monica who was carrying the baggage kept complaining since some time ago.<br/>
「I can’t exert any strength without chicken dickwad here. I also can’t find any motivation. I can’t be energetic. I want to go back~」<br/>
She was carrying a lot of baggage lightly while making a composed expression.<br/>
Shannon seemed to enjoy shopping. Her eyes were sparkling.<br/>
Both her hands were carrying the sweets that she asked Miranda to buy for her while looking around restlessly.<br/>
「Monica, you’re annoying. Onee-sama, let’s ignore her and go somewhere else next!」<br/>
Shannon was itching to go to the next shop quickly. Miranda responded to her with a smile.<br/>
「Too bad. The shop just now was the last.」<br/>
「Ee~」<br/>
Unlike the dissatisfied Shannon, Monica started to look happy.<br/>
「Then, let’s go back to the inn and I’ll nurse chicken dickwad. The two who’re staying behind in the inn are surely unable to perform any satisfactory service. Chicken dickwad is surely waiting for my return while crying.」<br/>
Shannon replied calmly.<br/>
「That guy isn’t thinking that far. He must be sleeping around this time.」<br/>
「Please don’t make fun of my bond with chicken dickwad! Even while I’m outside like this, chicken dickwad is crying while thinking about me. This Monica knows it!」<br/>
Miranda thought.<br/>
(It’s troubling because I don’t know if she is joking or not. Automaton really are troublesome.)<br/>
Monica could lie, but sometimes she would also speak the truth.<br/>
Monica who could realize absurd things was someone who even Miranda found hard to measure.<br/>
The humanoid Automaton created by the ancient people……it was a fact that there was a line between her and Lyle that was created from mana.<br/>
It wouldn’t be wrong even if they called the two being tied by an invisible string.<br/>
But, she really couldn’t picture Lyle crying because Monica wasn’t at his side.<br/>
(……She is lying just now.)<br/>
Miranda who found the answer inside herself led the two to return back to the inn.<br/>
The dissatisfied Shannon was at the middle, Miranda was at the front, and Monica was walking at the rear.<br/>
They could hear the talking voices of the people walking around them.<br/>
「Did you hear? It seems it’ll be soon.」<br/>
「As I thought it will be announced in Spring.」<br/>
「I’m looking forward to it.」<br/>
Miranda was listening to the aunties who were talking while standing. She thought that it was a normal sight that could be found anywhere while paying attention to the surroundings.<br/>
(……So they came.)<br/>
The expression of Monica who was looking happy was gradually vanishing.<br/>
「Do you notice?」<br/>
Monica talked to Miranda. Miranda nodded and replied.<br/>
「Good grief, what troublesome people.」<br/>
She said that and intentionally stepped into an empty alley.<br/>
Shannon tilted her head.<br/>
「Onee-sama, this isn’t the right path.」<br/>
Miranda lightly flicked the forehead of Shannon who didn’t notice and answered.<br/>
She explained to Shannon who didn’t understand what was going on.<br/>
「Shannon, no matter how great the ability that you have, it’s meaningless if you can’t use it well. Please at least realize when you’re being followed.」<br/>
Shannon hurriedly made her eyes to shine gold and looked around restlessly.<br/>
Monica put down her baggage and took out her weapon while taking a stance.<br/>
Miranda kept carrying her baggage while coming to a stop and turned around.<br/>
「Now, come out. I intentionally came to a place without any other people, so isn’t it alright for you to show yourself?」<br/>
An alley that didn’t have anyone else.<br/>
Human silhouettes appeared as though to pincer Miranda and the others.<br/>
One of them was the man who worked as the Circry House’s butler──Renard.<br/>
He was wearing a coat and a hat with a cane in one hand.<br/>
「Miranda-ojousama, you have grown a lot.」<br/>
Miranda recalled her "Post-Growth" blunder. Her expression slightly clouded but, she realized that Renard had no ill intention and was honestly praising her, so she spoke her thanks.<br/>
「Thank you. I’m happy to receive your praise. ……And? Do you come to kill us?」<br/>
Shannon was scared hearing Miranda’s line and couldn’t move. Her legs were trembling.<br/>
Miranda and Monica took position to protect Shannon.<br/>
Renard shook his head and spoke to solve Miranda’s misunderstanding.<br/>
「Miranda-ojousama, please hand over the Griffon’s corpse to us without saying anything and return to the Circry House. That’s the way to finish this peacefully.」<br/>
Miranda chuckled.<br/>
「That piece of shit father is really pathetic. It’s because he tried to put a trap, then when it failed he hovers around to target Lyle’s life. Do you have the job of cleaning up the mess this time pushed on you?」<br/>
Miranda had seen through their intention to take revenge after the name of the Circry House got splattered with mud.<br/>
……It was something really pathetic for Miranda.<br/>
「He is really a stupid person. In the past he was more respectable.」<br/>
When the mother of Miranda and Shannon was alive, their father was kind and reliable.<br/>
That memory was making Miranda excessively aggravated.<br/>
Renard deeply pulled his hat over his head to hide his eyes.<br/>
「We came today to give a warning. At this rate, we’ll have to──」<br/>
「──Renard, when you get back tell this to that pathetic man. Lyle wants to have a talk. He will prepare a place for the negotiation. Tell that man so that he’ll come.」<br/>
Miranda said that and started walking away.<br/>
Monica collected her baggage and carried Shannon under her arm.<br/>
Renard and his men opened a path for them to pass.<br/>
When they passed each other, Renard,<br/>
「You have really grown to be just like your great grandmother.」<br/>
「Thank you.」<br/>
Renard said that with a small smile. Miranda said her thanks and they returned to the inn──<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
