<br/>
Chapter 79 – Stark Naked<br/>
<br/>
──The mansion of the Circry House.<br/>
Ralph Circry who listened to Renard’s report made a slightly haggard face.<br/>
He was busy these several days and didn’t even have time to sleep.<br/>
「He is saying he’ll negotiate with the head of a Viscount house? That brat is really conceited.」<br/>
Ralph’s tone turned rough from his dissatisfaction towards Lyle. He was losing composure from fatigue, irritation, and various other things.<br/>
Renard asked Ralph with a serious expression.<br/>
「……Master, what are you going to do?」<br/>
「Hmph! I’ll accept it. Kill Lyle at that place. That Miranda will also become slightly obedient after that.」<br/>
Renard shook his head.<br/>
「She is similar to Milleia-sama not just in appearance but also in temperament. If we’re careless, we won’t get away with just having our hand bitten. Besides, according to the rumor, the one who defeated the Griffon was that youngster called Lyle. Unfortunately, even the best among us is unable to defeat a Griffon.」<br/>
The retainers of the Circry House were used to rough matters, but it would be hard to face someone who was ready for them.<br/>
「Are you telling me to lower my head towards that brat?」<br/>
Renard nodded at Ralph’s question.<br/>
「Master, more than this will be piling up even more shame on top of shame. I don’t say that we can’t win. But, if we fight then we’ll also receive considerable damage.」<br/>
Hearing Renard going that far, Ralph was listening to him even while feeling irritated but,<br/>
「……Tell them that I’ll negotiate. But, don’t let that brat alive if he’s making light of us.」<br/>
「Yes!」<br/>
When Renard replied that, Ralph recalled the other male of the Walt House.<br/>
「What about the other brat?」<br/>
Hearing that question, Renard immediately guessed that it was about Lionel and started reporting──<br/>
.<br/>
──Lionel’s house.<br/>
There, it was also the house that gave birth to Basil Walt, the ancestor of the feudal lord noble Walt House.<br/>
It was a really ancient house. The house was worn-out. It had been repeatedly rebuilt and repaired.<br/>
Even now the Walt House that was a capital noble was using this house.<br/>
The second daughter of the Circry House, Doris, brought herself to such place.<br/>
She heard that Lionel had returned and hurriedly rushed here, but…….<br/>
「Lies. You’re lying.」<br/>
「It’s not a lie. When I called out to you and learned that you’re rich, I went out with you. That’s all. It’s not like I like you, I was lying that I love you. I just wanted the status and riches that the Circry House had.」<br/>
Lionel was laughing. He exposed his true feelings to Doris.<br/>
Doris was feeling so hurt that it was hard for her to even stand.<br/>
「E, even so, Lionel, toward you, I!」<br/>
Doris tried to say that she liked him even then, and yet Lionel replied with a loud laughter.<br/>
「This is why an ignorant and pampered girl is no good. Even if I marry you, if I can’t inherit the Viscount house then it’s meaningless. ……I hate your father who completely tricked me and also you, his daughter. Don’t show yourself anymore in front of me!」<br/>
「Wait. Wait, Lionel!」<br/>
「……There is a worthier place for me. Yeah, if that guy can obtain everything, then even I should also be capable to obtain everything.」<br/>
Lionel said that and turned his back to Doris whose hand reached out towards him, but Lionel didn’t turn around and entered the house──<br/>
.<br/>
How many days has it been that I was lying in bed due to my poor health?<br/>
The letter from Ralph-san came to me whose body was still heavy and passing through the painful days.<br/>
「Looks like they accepted the negotiation offer. However, they specified the time and place. The letter also said to come without forgetting to bring the griffon too.」<br/>
Miranda-san reported to me while reading the letter. I didn’t get out of the blanket and only turned my gaze towards her.<br/>
Inside the room of the inn.<br/>
The Seventh inside the Jewel showed his displeasure towards that letter.<br/>
"Looks like he doesn’t understand his position. Don’t you think that this needs a little harsh education?"<br/>
The Seventh asked for agreement from his surroundings. The Fourth was calm on the contrary.<br/>
"Lyle has defeated a Griffon after all. They must be wary. But, it’s out of the question. There is no need to rush into a place that is trapped."<br/>
The place and time were specified meant that Ralph-san had laid out traps at that place. He must have positioned his subordinates to attack us.<br/>
There might also be other traps that he prepared.<br/>
……Troublesome.<br/>
Miranda-san waved around the letter while asking my opinion.<br/>
「What’re we going to do? This is definitely a trap.」<br/>
I spoke shortly.<br/>
「……I don’t want to go.」<br/>
Novem nodded hearing my words.<br/>
「We will be the one to decide the time and place.」<br/>
Miranda-san seemed to agree with that opinion too.<br/>
「As expected right now is impossible. Lyle is also not in a good shape.」<br/>
With me in a bad shape like this, the two of them were the ones who mainly acted.<br/>
I was feeling really guilty.<br/>
Clara-san was also inside the room.<br/>
She looked at the letter that Miranda-san was holding while tilting her head.<br/>
「Why is the palace demanding the griffon? I don’t think that the palace will want its material.」<br/>
It seemed that she didn’t understand the reason why Ralph-san and his collaborators were fixated on the griffon.<br/>
……Thinking carefully I also didn’t understand.<br/>
I looked towards Novem,<br/>
「……Novem.」<br/>
When I called her name, Novem guessed my intention and smiled while teaching the answer.<br/>
「Those who can defeat monsters like a griffon or a dragon will be called heroes. For a noble, that is more important rather than the material. They want to stuff the corpse as decoration. It can even be used as a present between fellow feudal lords.」<br/>
Present? I wouldn’t be happy even if I received something like that.<br/>
The Third added to the explanation while I was thinking that.<br/>
"Perhaps Lyle won’t want something like that, but even if it’s called a present it’s not a type of present to simply please the other party. It’s to show off to the other party that they have this much assets to purchase it or they are able to defeat a monster this strong. Griffons and dragons are popular in that kind of sense."<br/>
……Being a noble was really troublesome.<br/>
It wasn’t related with me anymore but, I thought that it was tiresome to demand various meanings from a single present.<br/>
Miranda-san was exasperated.<br/>
「That’s really popular among the feudal lord nobles. Even among the capital nobles there are some who use those as decorations but, there are a lot more with strong cravings for the limelight. They are show offs who want to make themselves look big.」<br/>
It seemed there was also differences in regards to presents between feudal lord nobles and capital nobles.<br/>
The Seventh was hurt by Miranda-san’s words.<br/>
"……I, I, I was just stuffing the monsters that I defeated myself."<br/>
The Seventh who loved stuffed animals was teased by the other ancestors.<br/>
The Sixth was especially terrible.<br/>
"Aa~, you’ve had that kind of side since the past don’t you? You’re a vain person."<br/>
The Third was also laughing.<br/>
"Sometimes there are nobles who like decorating their room with various stuffed creatures, from animals to monsters. I see~, so the Seventh is the same as those kinds of people."<br/>
It seemed the other ancestors didn’t have any fixation towards stuffed animals.<br/>
The Fifth was,<br/>
"……Stuffed animals are the worst. I don’t understand why they would intentionally stuff the remains of those cute animals."<br/>
The Fifth who loved cute animals seemed unable to accept such a hobby.<br/>
The Seventh was criticized by his surroundings and his voice grew smaller.<br/>
"Don’t complain about other people’s hobbies."<br/>
The Fourth paid it no mind and thought about the reason why Ralph-san was demanding the griffon.<br/>
"I already thought they would show interest but, like this they’re really fixated on it. Do they want to secure it for an exchange of presents?"<br/>
Even if they themselves weren’t interested in it, they wanted to secure it as a present.<br/>
Because of that, the griffon that was defeated by the subjugation force was necessary?<br/>
That was the Fourth’s hypothesis.<br/>
The Third was agreeing.<br/>
"Perhaps they want to use it as a present for a feudal lord noble. They must want to boast, this is the griffon that our knights defeated you know~, like that."<br/>
The Fourth didn’t show any interest for stuffed animals, but the Third’s words made him to start speaking in excitement.<br/>
"That’s nice. If they want the griffon that much, then I can see how we should go about it. Seems like we’ll be able to extort Ralph-kun."<br/>
I handed out a lot of gold coins when subjugating the griffon.<br/>
The Fourth wanted to make up for that loss and began to design some scheme.<br/>
Miranda-san who couldn’t hear the conversation inside the Jewel felt puzzled at Ralph-san who wanted the griffon.<br/>
「It’s strange that pathetic man wants a griffon. He shouldn’t have any interest for stuffed animals or monster parts.」<br/>
Clara-san also felt the same.<br/>
「Is it for a present exchange? But, if that’s the case then the palace can just make a request to the adventurer guild. It should be fine even if they don’t obtain the one in Lyle-san’s hands.」<br/>
Novem thought just for a bit and reached the same answer as the ancestors.<br/>
「No, if it’s for a present exchange, then it’ll be meaningful it it’s a griffon defeated by the capital’s subjugation force. The present might be for a feudal lord noble with high status.」<br/>
Perhaps they wanted to hurry in securing the present for a Duke, Count, or a noble with vast territory──anyway, it might be for a feudal lord noble with rank that would be faster to be counted from above.<br/>
That was the conclusion that we formed.<br/>
……No, I was the only one who wasn’t thinking. It was a conclusion that was created by everyone other than me.<br/>
Miranda-san looked at the letter.<br/>
「Let’s reply that we’ll be the ones to decide the day and negotiation place.」<br/>
Clara-san looked slightly anxious.<br/>
「This is Miranda-san’s house but, will it be alright to negotiate with a noble as the other party?」<br/>
Miranda-san smiled a little bit mysteriously.<br/>
「Nobles also deal as a business of honor. They will be angry if their house name is shamed, so they might want to take revenge on us. That’s why……we can just crush them without reservation.」<br/>
Miranda-san who could speak about crushing her own house was reliable but slightly scary.<br/>
Novem looked at me.<br/>
「Well, everything can only begin after Lyle-sama gets better.」<br/>
Novem made a slightly troubled face. Clara-san also agreed with her.<br/>
「……It’ll also be better to avoid doing it right after the Growth. I’ve only heard about it but, I think it’ll be better to not show something like that in public.」<br/>
Clara-san sent me a gaze of sympathy.<br/>
Miranda-san was also merciless.<br/>
「That tension cannot be shown in the open.」<br/>
Even I didn’t want to come out in public post-Growth.<br/>
I wrapped myself under the blanket and went to sleep so I wouldn’t see the three’s gazes.<br/>
Miranda-san was chuckling.<br/>
「Ah, he is sulking.」<br/>
.<br/>
──In a room of the palace.<br/>
Norma’s adjutant, Morris, looked at the medal he received.<br/>
Originally he should be happy with this but, Morris couldn’t honestly feel happy and sighed.<br/>
「So I’m promoted to ten-man knight squad leader.」<br/>
He was honestly happy that he was promoted.<br/>
His house’s rank also increased.<br/>
His family was also really happy but…….<br/>
「What are you looking dejected for. This is why you’re no good. You should look happier honestly.」<br/>
Norma who was promoted to be a hundred-man knight squad leader was looking very happy while placing her medal on her chest to show it off.<br/>
Morris was envious towards such Norma.<br/>
「Commander, we were promoted but, we still haven’t received the reward.」<br/>
「You’re worried about such thing? They must be discussing what reward is suitable for the griffon subjugation. Perhaps, the superiors are quarreling about who will obtain the capable me as their subordinate.」<br/>
Norma was having wild delusions of the superiors quarreling to obtain her. Morris was exasperated seeing her.<br/>
(I think it’ll be better if you realize that you are hated by your fellow knights.)<br/>
Norma who obtained an achievement that was beyond her means and earned a promotion was in a good mood.<br/>
Apparently she had forgotten the loathing expression of the palace nobles that were welcoming them who returned back safely.<br/>
「You seem happy.」<br/>
Morris said in sarcasm. Norma replied with a laugh.<br/>
「Of course! At this rate, I’ll undoubtedly be in a course of success. Even the position of a thousand-man knight squad leader will immediately enter within my reach.」<br/>
Norma believed that her future was bright without a doubt. In contrast Morris was pessimistic.<br/>
A civil official came towards the two who were in such states.<br/>
「Norma Arnette-dono, Morris Usher–dono. Come over here.」<br/>
Norma replied cheerfully.<br/>
「Umu! It seems that our reward has been decided.」<br/>
The civil official formed a meaningful smile.<br/>
「Yes, the minister will talk about the matter of reward with the two of you directly. It’s great isn’t it?」<br/>
Morris got a bad premonition, but Norma was laughing.<br/>
「I see! The minister will directly talk to us!」<br/>
Morris thought.<br/>
(A minister will talk about the reward directly to a knight of our rank? I only have a bad premonition about this.)<br/>
Normally, the official who talked to Morris and Norma about their reward would be someone with lower position.<br/>
Morris’s bad premonition was swelling up──<br/>
──The minister’s office.<br/>
Inside there was Ralph and someone from the same faction……the Count who acted as mediator.<br/>
The minister was smiling widely while looking at Norma and Morris.<br/>
Norma who heard about the reward’s detail was dumbfounded with her mouth wide open.<br/>
「I’m really happy you’re that delighted about the reward.」<br/>
The minister’s words made Norma gasp and return to her senses. She then complained.<br/>
「Ple, please wait a second! Why am I getting demoted!?」<br/>
The minister answered with a smile at the word demotion.<br/>
「Demotion? I’ll ask you to not say such stupid things. Since ancient times, granting land as a reward was a splendid recompense. The kingdom is also holding expectations for your work, because of that the royalty cede a part of the area under their direct control to the both of you. From here on the two of you are feudal lord nobles. This is a great promotion.」<br/>
For Norma who was aiming for a success in the palace, becoming a feudal lord noble was the same like a demotion.<br/>
Morris was hanging his head down.<br/>
Seeing Morris was useless, Norma begged at the minister.<br/>
「Minister, I want to be promoted in the palace. Receiving a rural area──furthermore a detached area that is far away from the kingdom’s directly controlled area doesn’t make me happy at all!」<br/>
There was the area called detached area among the areas that the kingdom directly controlled. It was far away from the kingdom’s territory and an inconvenient place that was surrounded by feudal lord nobles.<br/>
There were various reasons but, such area had a lot of trouble.<br/>
Perhaps, the income was few, and no one would accept to receive that area.<br/>
「You don’t need to worry. Your income is definitely increasing.」<br/>
「Ho, however!」<br/>
Because feudal lords received tax from the populace, their income was bigger than capital nobles working in the palace.<br/>
Although, the territories that were granted to the two were located in a rural area.<br/>
The two who were raised in a metropolis would be troubled if they were sent to the rural area even if their income increased.<br/>
If she could speak frankly, she wanted her income to increase while living in the capital.<br/>
「I beg you. Please rethink that reward again!」<br/>
「……Hou? You want to throw mud at his majesty’s face?」<br/>
The reward was given from the king. Norma whose status didn’t allow her to make any opinion regarding the matter of reward couldn’t say something like she didn’t want to accept it no matter what.<br/>
Norma fell on her knees.<br/>
Seeing that, the minister showed a nasty smile.<br/>
「You’re the hero who accomplished the griffon subjugation. Surely even if you become a feudal lord you will show us great achievements. I have great hopes towards both of you.」<br/>
From the minister’s standpoint, he promoted them and also granted them the reward of territory.<br/>
He granted them rewards in visible form while also being able to deal with the troublesome detached area.<br/>
「Our business is finished.」<br/>
He made a face that was satisfied with the result and ordered Norma and Morris to leave his office──<br/>
.<br/>
「──I wonder, why is a human like me is so sinful like this.」<br/>
I who was looking at the mirror inside the room realized that my handsomeness was a sin.<br/>
I understood.<br/>
……I am handsome.<br/>
I tried making a pose in front of the mirror while naked above the waist.<br/>
No matter what kind of pose I made, I was scared by my handsome self.<br/>
「Aa, magnificent!」<br/>
Even the blue sky that appeared after so long felt like it was giving its blessing to me. No, that wasn’t it──it wasn’t just my feeling, it was really blessing me.<br/>
I opened the inn’s room──the window and yelled loudly.<br/>
「Everyone, look at this handsome me──!」<br/>
Perhaps because cold air was entering the room, Sophia-san pinioned me from behind in great panic and covered my mouth.<br/>
Aria-san hurriedly closed the window and glared at me while breathing heavily.<br/>
「What in the world are you doing!?」<br/>
It seemed Aria-san was angry, but my mouth was covered so I could only answer with a muffled voice. I tried licking Sophia-san’s hand.<br/>
「Hyah! Ple, please don’t lick!」<br/>
Sophia-san was shocked and let me go. I winked at her.<br/>
「You’re cute, Sophia-chan.」<br/>
「Chan!? Lyle-dono, please get a hold of yourself!」<br/>
Sophia-san who was blushing red from embarrassment was cute.<br/>
「I have a good hold on myself. Rather, it feels like I am reborn. If it’s now, I can fly in the sky by myself! Should I prove it?」<br/>
I moved to open the window, but Aria-san stood in my way.<br/>
「I won’t let you! Or rather, this is third floor! What are you going to do if you jump down and get injured!? There’s an important negotiation today remember!」<br/>
That’s right.<br/>
There would be an important negotiation today.<br/>
I brushed back my hair with my hand.<br/>
「Leave it to me. I’m good at negotiation.」<br/>
「……Just why is it today. Even though usually it would be yesterday or even before that.」<br/>
Aria-san covered her face with both hands and resented that the negotiation would be happening today.<br/>
Sophia-san was also looking embarrassed while muttering.<br/>
「If it’s like this, Lyle-dono who is still in a bad health will still be a better choice.」<br/>
She liked the weakened me better?<br/>
「Both of you, it’s not admirable to lock me inside the room because you want to monopolize me. For you see──I’m everyone’s Lyle after all.」<br/>
Aria-san looked at me and wiped her tear while averting her gaze.<br/>
「……Lyle, it’s fine. After all I won’t blame you or anything for this. I’ll forget what happened today for you.」<br/>
Sophia-san also agreed.<br/>
「Lyle-dono, I will endure this whole day. Let’s stay in this room quietly okay?」<br/>
It seemed the two wanted to spend time together with me.<br/>
「As I thought I’m really a sinful man. I made two girls to go mad for me.」<br/>
The two covered their faces and wouldn’t look at me.<br/>
"Lyle is really amazing."<br/>
"Genius."<br/>
"This guy, he is really funny."<br/>
"It’s the best watching him."<br/>
"Aa, Lyle……you’re the one and only child prodigy of the Walt House. There isn’t any outstanding talent better than you in making us laugh."<br/>
Loud guffaws could be heard from the Jewel. I muttered.<br/>
「You guys make me bashful. Don’t be shy, you all can praise me more.」<br/>
The Third was laughing.<br/>
"Mr. Lyle, you’re the best! I want you to leave behind a lot of silly sayings. Haha~, I can’t help but look forward to tomorrow. Furthermore it’s this timing."<br/>
The Fourth was a bit troubled.<br/>
"It will be an important negotiation, will it be alright? At this rate it’s worrying whether it would be fine to leave it to Lyle."<br/>
The Third was having fun.<br/>
"No, rather I’m now looking forward at how Mr. Lyle will get through this situation. Let’s watch how everything unfolds with the readiness of accepting some loss."<br/>
The Sixth was heartily laughing.<br/>
"What a show! This might be even more fun than the average comedy."<br/>
It was great that the ancestors inside the Jewel seemed to have fun too.<br/>
However, wasn’t it a sin not to spread my existence in the society?<br/>
I wanted to show the existence of me to even a lot more people.<br/>
「Yosh! ……Let’s go outside.」<br/>
When I moved to go outside, Sophia-san ran to the front of the door and spread out both her hands in a stance of not letting me go.<br/>
「Sophia-san, move aside! Everyone is──the world is in need of me!」<br/>
「No way! What Lyle-dono needs right now is only this isolated room! There is no way I can let you widen the wound of your heart more than this!」<br/>
While she was making a ruckus, the door opened.<br/>
There Monica and Shannon were standing.<br/>
「Chicken dickwad~, I bring breakfast!」<br/>
「Uwaa~, I saw a terrible sight since the morning. Wear clothes at least. Aren’t you embarrassed?」<br/>
The happy looking Monica and Shannon who frowned seeing my upper body and displayed her disgust……damn it, certainly this was embarrassing.<br/>
「Oops, forgive my rudeness.」<br/>
「It’s good if you understand. You’re an idiot in your post-Growth but, aren’t you actually obedient. I’m seeing you in a more positive light just for a──OIIIII!」<br/>
Shannon started to praise me, but she suddenly started shrieking when she saw me.<br/>
「What?」<br/>
「Why are you starting to strip your lower body!?」<br/>
「Eh?」<br/>
What was this girl saying? Shannon couldn’t hide her surprise and shook her head.<br/>
「No, I don’t understand why you are making a face that says "What are you saying?" at me. Are you, planning to get naked in front of us?」<br/>
「That’s right, so?」<br/>
「You’re impossible!」<br/>
「Why? You were disgusted because I was just half-naked right? I too think that the balance is bad when I’m only naked on my upper body. That’s right, there is no best clothes for me other than being stark naked after all. My bad, I’ll show it right now to make up for it.」<br/>
「There is no way I’ll have any interests at all in your naked body! DON’T STRIIIIPP!」<br/>
Shannon became teary eyed.<br/>
Did she want to look at my naked body that much? I had to hurry and strip!<br/>
I took off my trouser and then my hands reached to my trunks. It was then that Aria-san and Sophia-san who stiffened from surprise started moving.<br/>
「I won’t let you!」<br/>
「You mustn’t strip! It’s just no good!」<br/>
The two of them pressed me down and I fell on the floor.<br/>
「Le, let go! Shannon wants to look at my naked body!」<br/>
「Don’t screw around! No one wants to look at your shabby thing!」<br/>
「Shabby you say!? Have you seen it before!? I’ll have you stop spreading lies! I get it, then everyone, check it out. Whether my thing is shabby or not! Everyone look at my great sword!」<br/>
I desperately tried to strip, but Aria-san held me down.<br/>
「I won’t let you! Monica, you help out too!」<br/>
Monica was blushing watching me.<br/>
「I don’t want to. I’m interested at chicken dickwad’s chicken dickwad. Even if it’s a short sword, it’ll still be the supreme sword for me.」<br/>
I resisted Sophia-san’s strength while lowering my trunks slightly.<br/>
「Fuh, I’ll immediately display it. More importantly, both of you, don’t get in my way. Shannon, you too, don’t just watch, help me out.」<br/>
Shannon who was hiding her face with both hands wasn’t looking this way.<br/>
She was bright red until her ears.<br/>
「Don’t talk to me, you pervert!」<br/>
「You’re wrong! I’m decent! It’s everyone else than me who is a pervert!」<br/>
I resisted Aria-san and Sophia-san while lowering my trunks.<br/>
But, the two of them were tough. They had also just grew and became really strong.<br/>
Sweat was coming out. Aria-san and Sophia-san were also sweating from their effort to put on clothes on me.<br/>
「Don’t resist! Oy, you won’t get away!」<br/>
「Lyle-dono, it’ll end soon so don’t struggle!」<br/>
I couldn’t yield against the two──I was determined inside my heart to become naked and wrung out my last strength.<br/>
<br/>
「I’M NOT GOING TO LOSEEEEE!」<br/>
The two girls grabbed my trunks and hindered me from taking it off. Their bodies were hanging over me.<br/>
I went against that and desperately tried to strip. There new silhouettes appeared in front of the door.<br/>
「Novem! Miranda-san! Both of you, help me!」<br/>
Novem and Miranda-san were watching us expressionlessly.<br/>
Aria-san was relieved.<br/>
「Great. Both of you, stop Lyle──eh?」<br/>
Novem grabbed Aria-san’s shoulder.<br/>
Miranda-san gripped Sophia-san’s arm.<br/>
「Why are you holding me?」<br/>
Sophia-san was bewildered. Miranda-san sent her a cold gaze.<br/>
「Sophia, I believed in you, and yet you disappoint me.」<br/>
「Eh? Eeeee!? Why is that!? Ah, no good. Lyle-dono escaped!」<br/>
Borrowing Novem and Miranda-san’s help, I escaped from Aria-san and Sophia-san by rolling on the floor and took my distance.<br/>
「I got away!」<br/>
Aria-san was being held back by Novem.<br/>
「Just why are you holding me back!?」<br/>
「Aria-san, it seems that I overestimated you. For you to push down Lyle-sama──I absolutely won’t forgive you.」<br/>
「No-! I didn’t push him down! Lyle was──」<br/>
Novem’s expressionless face and her emotionless voice slightly made my spine feel a chill.<br/>
But, I stripped my trunks.<br/>
The sound *whoosh" echoed slightly inside the noisy room.<br/>
The trunks fluttered in the air. When it fell on the ground, I stood up and spread out my hands. Sunlight was shining in from the window and illuminated me from behind.<br/>
「Now, everyone look at me!」<br/>
Novem looked at me and her face reddened,<br/>
「Ly, Lyle-sama? What are you──」<br/>
「Getting stark naked!」<br/>
Aria-san was crying.<br/>
「That’s why we pressed him down! Lyle started stripping his clothes, that was why we tried making him wear clothes, that’s all!」<br/>
Miranda-san let go of Sophia-san and apologized.<br/>
「I’m sorry. It should be obvious if I just thought about it for a bit.」<br/>
「N, no. We too were being misleading.」<br/>
Monica was staring hard at me.<br/>
「Aren’t you ashamed chicken dickwad?」<br/>
「Is there anywhere embarrassing from my naked body? I even want to walk outside just like this.」<br/>
「As expected from chicken dickwad! You’ll do something that no ordinary person can imitate without batting an eyelid.」<br/>
「Naturally. I’m special after all. Ahahaha!」<br/>
While I was laughing loudly, a towel was thrown at me.<br/>
Miranda-san was smiling at me.<br/>
「Lyle……wear clothes.」<br/>
I noticed from her attitude that broke no argument.<br/>
「You don’t want to show my naked body to other people?」<br/>
「……It will be hell for Lyle tomorrow.」<br/>
I listened to the request of the sighing Miranda-san and reluctantly wrapped the towel around my waist.<br/>
.<br/>
Eva-san and Clara-san also entered the room when the situation calmed down.<br/>
Clara-san tilted her head seeing Aria-san and others looking exhausted.<br/>
Eva-san saw me and asked.<br/>
「Hey, why is Lyle only wearing a bath towel around his waist?」<br/>
「Because I was told that completely naked is no good. But, do you want to see?」<br/>
I excitedly moved to take off the bath towel, but Novem caught my hand. There was creaking sounds that normally a hand shouldn’t make.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, the talk won’t progress like this so please restrain yourself.」<br/>
「Ee~」<br/>
The Third was laughing at me who was making a displeased face.<br/>
"Somehow, the atmosphere this time is strange. Is it because of that? As expected they had gotten used to this so they could be calmer perhaps?"<br/>
The Fifth was holding back his laugh.<br/>
"He is more obedient than usual. I understand that he has confidence of his naked body but, this time the impact is insufficient."<br/>
Eva-san shrugged and started talking for the time being.<br/>
「I gathered the information from my colleagues in the capital. The reason the palace wants the griffon is just like what Novem and everyone think. Apparently it’s for a present, so they want a griffon that was defeated by themselves──the palace’s subjugation force.」<br/>
I crossed my legs on the bed and placed my joined hands on my lap.<br/>
「Fumu, continue.」<br/>
「Somehow that ruins my pace.」<br/>
Eva-san was looking perplexed towards me unlike normal. I get it. I really get it. In my post-Growth, I was so handsome that I myself was shocked when seeing myself.<br/>
Surely her heart was beating fast without a doubt. She looked slightly exasperated was surely because she was hiding her embarrassment.<br/>
「It seems they want to stuff the griffon and prepare it before an important guest comes to the capital. There is also various other rumors, but the definite information is only this.」<br/>
I understood the reason why Ralph-san was demanding the griffon.<br/>
Because he couldn’t find any other griffon and he also couldn’t take away the griffon from us, he was troubled.<br/>
As for Clara-san, it seemed she was unable to gather any particularly striking information.<br/>
But──<br/>
「……Miranda-san, can I ask you one thing?」<br/>
「What is it?」<br/>
「I came from Arumsaas, so I’m not knowledgeable about the capital. Because of that, I don’t really feel it clearly, but……there’s something that seems strange.」<br/>
Everyone tilted their heads at Clara-san’s vague words.<br/>
Miranda-san shrugged.<br/>
「From my point of view, it’s Arumsaas that’s strange though. Is there something thats bothering you?」<br/>
It seemed that Clara-san wasn’t confident because she had no definite proof. She hesitated to speak.<br/>
「Try saying it. I’ll accept everything of you Clara. Now, leap onto my chest! I’ll welcome you anytime!」<br/>
「……I’ll refrain from that.」<br/>
She must be embarrassed to do it in front of everyone. Clara-san refused in reservation and began talking with 「This is my personal impression, but」 as preamble.<br/>
「I feel that the citizens are strangely restless. It’s not everyone but, a lot of the people look like they’re waiting for something……it’s like the atmosphere before a festival.」<br/>
Shannon immediately denied it when she heard the word festival.<br/>
「There isn’t any festival at this period of time. Aren’t you misunderstanding?」<br/>
Sophia-san was in agreement with Clara-san’s opinion.<br/>
「But, I understand her feeling. Because when we first came to the capital I also thought that the place is bustling with so many people and if there will be a festival.」<br/>
She looked a bit happy that she and Clara-san were thinking the same thing.<br/>
「Is that so? It’ll be good if that’s not just my misunderstanding.」<br/>
Eva-san looked at me.<br/>
「Ah, that’s right. Lyle, actually──」<br/>
.<br/>
「DAMIAAAAAN!」<br/>
「Oh, Lyle. The way you dress looks really cold.」<br/>
The male who looked like a boy with short stature and holding a staff that looked imbalanced with his body was Damian Valle. He had unkempt brown hair and wore glasses.<br/>
Normally he was wearing a lab coat, but today he was wearing a coat.<br/>
Behind him an automaton just like Monica named Lily was standing.<br/>
Unlike Monica, she was wearing a plain blue maid uniform.<br/>
She was an automaton with black hair and small self-assertion.<br/>
Damian who was visiting me didn’t look bothered by me wearing only a bath towel.<br/>
He only commented that it looked cold and that was it.<br/>
In the first place he was a scholar who was only interested in his research. He was the kind of genius that was lacking the worldly sense.<br/>
「This? Certainly it’s cold, but I think that my naked body should be displayed to an even wider audience.」<br/>
「Is that so?」<br/>
「By the way, why are you in the capital? Damian is a professor in Arumsaas aren’t you?」<br/>
「I exploded my research lab. I came here to purchase tools. I created a slightly larger Porter based on the blueprint you gave me, so the travel was easy. It really helped.」<br/>
「I see. That’s awful.」<br/>
While we were smiling at each other, Aria-san who was watching us from behind let out a surprised voice.<br/>
「Wait. Wait a second. You guys just jump over the matter of the lab exploding like it was nothing but, isn’t that a really dangerous story?」<br/>
Lily-san nodded at Aria-san who said that.<br/>
「Yes. If I wasn’t there, goshujin-sama’s life would have been lost. The building is also in a terrible state, so the headmaster got really angry.」<br/>
Damian looked dissatisfied.<br/>
「The headmaster is really horrible.」<br/>
Sophia-san shook her head.<br/>
「……Isn’t it Professor Damian who is horrible?」<br/>
Monica looked at Lily-san and tsked. These two, for some reason they had a bad relationship.<br/>
「Oh, isn’t it Poyopoyo-san over there? Poyopoyo-san, long time no see. Is Poyopoyo-san who has a funny name as usual in a good health?」<br/>
Lily-san mentioned Monica’s previous name repeatedly as though making fun of her.<br/>
「I have received a splendid name of Monica right now! This is why the mass produced models are troubling. You’re lacking style in the way you joke.」<br/>
「……Don’t get cocky just because you’re the special model.」<br/>
「I’ll turn you into a scrap here!」<br/>
They both took out their weapons and readied themselves to fight. There, Damian and I mediated between them.<br/>
「Monica, don’t fight.」<br/>
「It’s annoying so shut up.」<br/>
Both of them dropped their shoulders dejectedly and reluctantly put away their weapons. I watched them while asking Damian.<br/>
「By the way, what’s your business today? You didn’t come here just to meet me right?」<br/>
「Ah, my business. Actually there is something that bothers me slightly.」<br/>
What Damian spoke about was the abnormality that occurred at the Academy.<br/>
「A professor of the Academy abandoned his teaching job and now he’s staying in the capital. The headmaster is enraged. When I said that I’m going to the capital, he insisted that I investigate it while I’m here.」<br/>
Lily-san talked to me.<br/>
「Do you know anything? Even when we asked the well-informed elves, they said they don’t know and now we don’t have any way to investigate.」<br/>
「An Academy’s teacher did that? No, I don’t know anything.」<br/>
When I looked at Eva-san, she shook her head.<br/>
「I know that a professor came here, but I don’t know as far as what his reason is.」<br/>
I put my hand on my chin.<br/>
「……I smell a case.」<br/>
Damian didn’t look interested.<br/>
「It’s troublesome and I don’t like it. Honestly, I also understand his feeling of wanting to abandon his teaching job. At this rate I also won’t go back to Arumsaas.」<br/>
I felt apologetic of being unable to respond to Damian’s expectation, but if we obtained some kind of information we would contact him. I told him so and we parted there.<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
