<br/>
Chapter 88 – The Mad Capital<br/>
<br/>
The snow was thawing.<br/>
In this period when Spring would soon arrive, a great number of people were gathering from everywhere to the royal capital Centralle.<br/>
At the square in front of the royal palace, one wouldn’t be able to even estimate just how many tens of thousands of people were there.<br/>
I hid my face with a hooded robe and looked at the woman standing beside me.<br/>
The woman who was hiding her face similarly using hood was Princess Lianne.<br/>
「What is your reason deliberately inviting me here?」<br/>
Me being in the square was also because of Princess Lianne’s invitation.<br/>
「Don’t you think it’s also nice to watch this historical moment together with my family’s enemy? Well, if I have to speak my true feelings, it’s because a sense of camaraderie with you is budding inside me now that you have decided to defeat that woman.」<br/>
This person was rejoicing when she heard I decided to defeat Celes.<br/>
The figure of a lovely princess couldn’t be seen there.<br/>
Honestly speaking, Princess Lianne who was wearing an ominous smile looked like she was going mad.<br/>
「It’s not for revenge.」<br/>
「If you’ll defeat her then I won’t question your reason.」<br/>
The palace gate was reconstructed and had a balcony created there.<br/>
The flags hanging down from there belonged to the royal family──while the other one belonged to the Walt House.<br/>
The formal engagement announcement between Celes and the crown prince would be carried out after this.<br/>
The Fourth’s voice came from the Jewel.<br/>
"Even though they only have a single child on hand, they’re marrying her off to another family. Just what are they thinking?"<br/>
The Walt House’s heir was only Celes.<br/>
That Celes was marrying into his highness the crown prince’s family only sounded like a joke that couldn’t be laughed at.<br/>
But, when I looked at the populace around me──<br/>
「CELES-SAMAAAAAA!」<br/>
「Aaa, I want to see Celes-sama’s figure quickly!」<br/>
「I left the village for the sake of this day!」<br/>
……There was a part of me that was thinking that even Celes’s absurd popularity couldn’t be helped right now.<br/>
Princess Lianne talked to me.<br/>
「It seems you will head to Beim after this.」<br/>
「Yes, that’s my intention. I will gather strength there.」<br/>
「I will look forward to it. Will you need support?」<br/>
「About that. One day, if I come to need it then I will visit to ask.」<br/>
Some support was a charming proposal for me right now.<br/>
But, I wanted connection with Princess Lianne. Rather than forcing herself to support me, she should prioritize herself for now.<br/>
「One day, is it?」<br/>
「……Yes, when that time comes I will visit without fail.」<br/>
「I will wait without putting much hope to it. I will also obtain more power until that time.」<br/>
That’s right. It would be convenient for me if this person obtained power.<br/>
While we were making such talk, Celes and his highness Rufus appeared on the balcony.<br/>
The cheers of the surroundings hurt my ears.<br/>
Princess Lianne saw his highness Rufus and held back her tears.<br/>
The Third’s voice came from the Jewel.<br/>
"……That prince called Rufus, he looks similar to the shitty bastard. Lyle, when you take down Bahnseim, give him a hard punch for me."<br/>
I had no grudge against his highness Rufus, so that suggestion was rejected.<br/>
I couldn’t take my eyes off from my parents standing behind Celes.<br/>
His majesty the king and her highness the queen also appeared. The sound of trumpets resounded and the populace fell silent.<br/>
Everyone was waiting impatiently for Celes’s words.<br/>
Celes left behind his highness the crown prince and walked forward. She spread out her hands.<br/>
「Everyone, are you well~!」<br/>
The populace was greatly heated up at that very lighthearted greeting.<br/>
<br/>
Even just this was already impossible but, there were too many impossible things happening that I didn’t know from where I should start pointing it out.<br/>
The populace fell silent when Celes gave a signal with her hand.<br/>
I was watching with a cold gaze thinking that they were really well trained.<br/>
「I’m in a greatest──bad mood.」<br/>
Celes started explaining the reason in front of the murmuring populace.<br/>
「When I said that I’ll become the crown princess, some complainers showed up. They said that it will cause a war with Faunbeux Kingdom. Even though I love Rufus, they’re really horrible.」<br/>
The populace was agreeing.<br/>
「That’s right! Celes-sama isn’t wrong!」<br/>
「Make the Faunbeux bunches shut up!」<br/>
「Don’t forgive the nobles who are defying Celes-sama!」<br/>
Celes was happy with the populace’s reaction and spoke loudly.<br/>
「Thank you everyone! Then let’s crush the defiant bunches together!」<br/>
The people raised their voices loudly in agreement. It felt like the air was shaken by their roar.<br/>
「I can rest assured with everyone in the capital here. Then, as the reward I will manage this country for all of you. I will become everyone’s queen.」<br/>
Nobody could stop Celes.<br/>
People who went against her were eliminated. There must also be people who were obeying her even if they weren’t charmed by Celes.<br/>
The majority was charmed and the whole capital was going mad.<br/>
Rufus approached Celes and gave her the kiss that was the oath of their engagement. The populace sent them their blessings seeing that.<br/>
Seeing that sight, Princess Lianne were letting out big drops of tears and looked like she would crumble on her knees.<br/>
I caught her shoulders and helped her to keep standing while glaring at the balcony.<br/>
Celes announced with a wide smile.<br/>
「First we’ll crush the opposing nobles within the country. And then next we will march outside the country.」<br/>
The populace were praising Celes.<br/>
It seemed that among them there were also people still in their right mind. They were making an uncomprehending face at this scene. But, they were gradually getting swallowed by the surrounding’s passion, got charmed, and began to praise Celes loudly.<br/>
Princess Lianne was shedding tears beside me while muttering.<br/>
「Rufus-sama. Rufus-sama! Why are you with that woman!」<br/>
Even knowing that it wasn’t the fault of his highness the crown prince who went mad, I couldn’t blame Princess Lianne.<br/>
The Fourth was quite creeped out by this scene.<br/>
"……It will be hard to take on something like this."<br/>
Celes raised her voice in front of the tens of thousands people in the audience.<br/>
「Now, the fun times have just begun!」<br/>
It seemed even the hell that would begin after this was entertainment for Celes.<br/>
The Fifth muttered.<br/>
"I wonder, compared to Agrissa which one is more horrible?"<br/>
The completely mad capital.<br/>
The Sixth spoke to me.<br/>
"Lyle, don’t forget this day. It’s from here. From here, the true battle between you and Celes begins."<br/>
The fight with Celes that would drag other people, other countries, and the entire continent into it.<br/>
I had no intention of losing.<br/>
「Celes, prepare yourself.」<br/>
The Seventh looked at his son and daughter-in-law who were looking happy behind Celes and lamented.<br/>
"Maizel, Claire……I never thought that I would see you two in this kind of way."<br/>
When we next met──my parents would also become my enemies.<br/>
I hugged Princess Lianne who continued to cry close to me while looking up to the balcony with a cold gaze within the wildly enthusiastic audience.<br/>
.<br/>
──Lionel was watching himself in front of a mirror.<br/>
That day.<br/>
The day Lyle fought Celes.<br/>
Lionel was watching everything.<br/>
「Luck has turned my way too.」<br/>
He was charmed by Celes who overwhelmed even Lyle. He chased after Celes’s carriage, went ahead of it and forcefully asked for a meeting.<br/>
Lionel promoted himself desperately and it seemed Celes took a liking to him. She granted him an official position and status.<br/>
「I look really imposing.」<br/>
Inside the room, Lionel was checking out himself many times in front of the mirror.<br/>
The brand new extravagant outfit was the uniform that was worn by the knights. But this uniform was the one being used by the Special Elite Guards that was especially recognized by Celes even among those knights.<br/>
Special Elite Guards that were created by Celes’s whim.<br/>
Celes took a liking to Lionel and he obtained great success.<br/>
「This is befitting me. That’s right, this is the position that is really worthy for me.」<br/>
Because he was a member of the elite guard formed by Celes, Lionel was granted the rank of Baron.<br/>
His post was a captain of the Special Elite Guard.<br/>
However, he still didn’t have any subordinates.<br/>
Even so, he was granted the special right to order several knight orders. He was treated really favorably.<br/>
「I’ve made you wait, Aria. I’m going to pick you up.」<br/>
Lionel brought the handkerchief he received from Aria to his nose and inhaled deeply. Then he exited the room and headed to where Aria was──<br/>
.<br/>
A lot of furniture was brought out from the mansion of Princess Lianne.<br/>
The mansion would be abandoned after this so it couldn’t be helped.<br/>
I gathered everyone inside a room that had been mostly cleaned out to hear their decisions.<br/>
「It’s just like I said before. I won’t be able to guarantee your safety if you come with me from here on ahead.」<br/>
Everyone was looking at me.<br/>
Shannon muttered,<br/>
「Even though you said that you would make us happy no matter what.」<br/>
She complained like that but I ignored her.<br/>
「It will be a battle against Celes. That day, you should have keenly understood her true strength. I won’t force anyone. If you want to leave the party here, I will split the party’s assets with you and you can leave. If you want to leave the capital, then I’ll allow you to come along with us until Beim.」<br/>
When I ran my gaze on everyone’s face, Aria-san scratched her hair.<br/>
「Geez, that’s really selfish. You know that I was someone bought by you.」<br/>
「Doesn’t matter. If you want to leave you’re free to do so. ……Honestly speaking, I wish that everyone will leave here. It will be hell from here on. I won’t ask you to come with me.」<br/>
It was my will to break up the party.<br/>
From here on, I and even the ancestors couldn’t imagine what would happen.<br/>
「I’ll defeat Celes. In order to do that it will take a lot of effort. Someone might fall in the middle. Besides, even if we manage to defeat Celes you can’t expect any reward from it.」<br/>
If we were unlucky then after defeating Celes, there was the possibility that we would become wanted people.<br/>
After all, I was from the Walt House just like Celes.<br/>
We were siblings who shared the same blood.<br/>
Miranda-san shrugged.<br/>
「That’ll be troubling. I want you to prepare the reward properly. Let’s see──like Lyle yourself for example.」<br/>
In response to Miranda-san’s statement, Sophia-san was,<br/>
「Tha, that’s a bit──」<br/>
Her face reddened and she tried to stop Miranda-san.<br/>
But I,<br/>
「I don’t mind.」<br/>
The inside of the room suddenly became quiet.<br/>
Miranda-san was slightly surprised.<br/>
「Hee, so you’re serious.」<br/>
I got slightly uneasy after declaring that. In the first place, I didn’t know what I should do as a reward. ……Was I being too hasty?<br/>
「……I’ll hear everyone’s answer.」<br/>
The Sixth was stifling his laughing voice.<br/>
"Lyle, you got a bit embarrassed after you finished saying it there. You’re flustered in your heart huh."<br/>
I was waiting for their answer. Then unexpectedly it was Clara-san who raised her hand first.<br/>
「I’ll come along.」<br/>
「Eh!?」<br/>
Aria-san was the one surprised.<br/>
「Wh, why? Because, you said that you have decided your answer──」<br/>
「It’s upsetting how you’re so shocked like that. My answer has been decided from the beginning.」<br/>
Aria-san tilted her head in puzzlement.<br/>
「What’s your reason for coming along?」<br/>
When she was asked the reason, it was something that was just like Clara-san.<br/>
「I want to write the facts that I see with my own eyes and leave it behind for later generations. For that, I’ll come along with Lyle-san.」<br/>
Clara-san was looking at me, so I nodded.<br/>
The one who raised her hand next was Eva-san.<br/>
「Ye~s, I’m also coming. The reason is……unfortunately it’s the same like Clara I guess.」<br/>
Clara-san made a sullen expression.<br/>
Eva-san continued.<br/>
「I want to turn this story into a tale. That’s why Lyle, I’ll have you aim for the happy ending no matter what. That’s the condition of me coming along.」<br/>
Tale……happy ending.<br/>
I made a smile at Eva-san’s line.<br/>
「……I’ll work hard.」<br/>
「I wish that you would make a firm promise there.」<br/>
Next was Monica.<br/>
「I got a late start but, this Monica too will naturally stay beside chicken di──」<br/>
「I’ve heard your reply before so it’s fine.」<br/>
Monica fell down on the spot and began to sing a sad song. Her unexpectedly skilled singing was making Eva-san to burn in rivalry for some reason.<br/>
Aria-san raised her hand high. It wasn’t like it was necessary to raise a hand but…….<br/>
「I’m also coming! I’ve thought a lot but, for some reason it feels unpleasant to run away here.」<br/>
That wasn’t a reason but, I thought it was just like Aria-san and nodded.<br/>
Miranda-san slightly raised both her hands.<br/>
「Naturally I’m also coming. I want to become Lyle’s number one after all. Ah, Shannon is also coming with me.」<br/>
Shannon was glaring at me.<br/>
「You, I won’t forgive you if you fail.」<br/>
That attitude was a little bit irritaiting but, I accepted the two’s participation.<br/>
「What about you Novem?」<br/>
Novem looked straight at me.<br/>
「If Lyle-sama permits it, then please allow me to accompany you no matter where.」<br/>
Novem looked at Miranda-san.<br/>
「I won’t complain even with you coming along. I have decided to come with Lyle. But, I won’t put my trust in you.」<br/>
It helped that she didn’t say she wouldn’t participate if Novem was also here.<br/>
And then the last one──<br/>
「I, I’m! I’m……I joined the party to return a favor to Lyle-dono.」<br/>
I nodded slightly.<br/>
「Sophia-san has returned the favor to me enough. So much so that I’m the one who wants to thank you.」<br/>
「……I still don’t really get it. I also have the feeling of wanting to stay together with everyone. Perhaps I’m lacking in resolve.」<br/>
Sophia-san was talking even while stuttering.<br/>
「I, I want to come along, not because of being indebted, but by my own will.」<br/>
I opened my mouth in front of the embarrassed looking Sophia-san.<br/>
「……Thank you.」<br/>
The Fourth applauded.<br/>
"That’s great. Everyone is coming."<br/>
The Fifth made a tired voice.<br/>
"……It will be difficult from here. Lyle, resolve yourself."<br/>
The resolve that he meant, was it the resolve to fight Celes? But from the atmosphere it felt like the Fifth meant it in a different meaning.<br/>
「Eeh~, what are you all talking about?」<br/>
Damian entered the room.<br/>
Lily-san was also following behind him.<br/>
「It’s our situation. More importantly, what’s the matter?」<br/>
Damian was placing his large staff on his shoulder while,<br/>
「You’re going to Beim right? Take me there too. I saw the scene yesterday and thought this place is hopeless. Even staying at Arumsaas make me uneasy.」<br/>
Lily-san was also motivated.<br/>
「Goshujin-sama can do his research no matter where he is after all.」<br/>
Damian was laughing.<br/>
「As long as there is money that is! And so, give me money assistance too while you’re at it. I’m not suited to earning money.」<br/>
Novem sighed.<br/>
「……He is a person that can be relied on though.」<br/>
I smiled and accepted Damian.<br/>
「Yeah, that’s fine. In exchange, I’ll ask you for various help.」<br/>
Damian showed a bit of disapproval, even so,<br/>
「Well, alright I guess. It feels like it will be fun if I’m with Lyle. And a lot of things can be procured if we go to Beim so I’m also looking forward to it.」<br/>
Clara-san looked at Damian.<br/>
「Professor Damian, actually I want to ask you to repair my prosthetic arm.」<br/>
「……Who are you? Prosthetic?」<br/>
……Like always, he couldn’t remember names.<br/>
The Seventh spoke with a slightly uneasy voice.<br/>
"I never thought that even Damian will come along."<br/>
The Third was laughing.<br/>
"It’ll be Spring soon. It’s a season that is also good to start new things. Let’s leave the capital like this and head east."<br/>
Our destination was the capital of adventurers and merchants──Beim.<br/>
.<br/>
──Lyle’s group that was going to depart was outside the rampart.<br/>
Aria was looking at Damian’s Porter.<br/>
「It’s bigger than our Porter.」<br/>
Sophia who was nearby talked about what she heard from Monica.<br/>
「Apparently it’s called Dump Car. It seems that it’s like a relative of Porter.」<br/>
Aria moved her gaze to Lyle who was looking up at Dump Car.<br/>
His eyes were sparkling.<br/>
「……Lyle, he likes these kinds of thing doesn’t he?」<br/>
Sophia looked at Dump Car while,<br/>
「The big size is nice. But, it looks like the inside is cramped with many things. If only Porter was slightly bigger.」<br/>
It was nice that their travel was comfortable, but it would be better if Porter was slightly more spacious, Sophia said. Aria also agreed with her.<br/>
「Ah, I understand that.」<br/>
While the two were talking, a youth riding a horse appeared there.<br/>
「Aria-san.」<br/>
Aria turned around, but at first she didn’t understand who the youth was.<br/>
「Are you, Lionel?」<br/>
Lionel got down from the horse. He was wearing really expensive looking clothes. Aria thought that it was a knight uniform and guessed that Lionel had obtained an official post.<br/>
「Looks like you’ve climbed up really high.」<br/>
「……Do you, have a bit of time?」<br/>
Aria didn’t particularly think much of it and went with Lionel──<br/>
.<br/>
While we were outside the rampart, an unexpected person came to see us off.<br/>
「Morris-san.」<br/>
「Yaa, you look well.」<br/>
Morris-san who looked slightly haggard heard that we were at the rampart and rushed here.<br/>
「Various things happened though.」<br/>
「Is that so? Well, I’m glad I can come to see you off like this. I’m completely in your debt for the subjugation force.」<br/>
Morris-san who fought together with us at the hippogriff subjugation was a knight who was plain but did his work well.<br/>
「More importantly, Morris-san is looking a bit haggard.」<br/>
「Ye, yeah, various things also happened with me.」<br/>
He said that he had something to talk about so I listened to him. Apparently Morris-san had received a territory.<br/>
But, he didn’t understand at all what he should do.<br/>
「I don’t know what I should start to work with. It’s really troubling. I thought that you might know something seeing that your origin was from a feudal lord noble, so I wanted to ask you.」<br/>
「I see.」<br/>
I tightly grabbed the Jewel.<br/>
The Third guessed various things but,<br/>
"……I don’t have any advice for this."<br/>
Towards the Third, the Seventh was,<br/>
"No, this is something that the Third is the most suited for."<br/>
"That’s why. Look here, from the village’s perspective, even if a feudal lord comes he is basically just an outsider. They’ll be irritated if such person meddles with them. They will think, even though you don’t understand anything. That’s why, in this situation not doing anything is the correct answer."<br/>
Seeing me not getting it, the Third explained in detail with an exasperated look.<br/>
I pretended to think deeply in front of Morris-san.<br/>
"At the very least he should wait-and-see for a year. After that, go greet the feudal lord with the caregiver position in the area. Listen to the opinions of that village, and if there is something they need then he should procure it. That’s it I think?"<br/>
「It seems that it’s important to observe the territory for one year at minimum. How about trying to investigate beforehand if there is something that the territory will need? Also, don’t forget to greet the feudal lord who seems to have the most influence in the area I guess?」<br/>
「Ri, right. Err, in that area──there is a Viscount house I think?」<br/>
"Also, if he has a son then marry him now. He is a son of a hero in griffon extermination, it’ll be better to marry him while his father still has some popularity. Also the matter of taking over the family’s headship. It’s really troublesome to change the family head, so it’ll be better to finish it while they’re still in the capital."<br/>
「……Also, does Morris-san have a son?」<br/>
「Yeah, I have. He is already an adult though?」<br/>
「Please let him take over the family headship quickly. After that, is your son married?」<br/>
「Eh? No, not yet.」<br/>
「It will be really busy after you become the feudal lord, so please take care of it while you can now.」<br/>
「I, I see. Got it!」<br/>
The Fourth was laughing.<br/>
"You properly advised him in the end."<br/>
The Third sounded dissatisfied.<br/>
"……All these are only obvious from where I’m standing though."<br/>
The Fifth said to me.<br/>
"Oi, where is Aria?"<br/>
When I looked around, I couldn’t find Aria-san.<br/>
.<br/>
──At a spot some distance away from Lyle’s group.<br/>
Lionel was drawing near to Aria.<br/>
「Le, let go!」<br/>
「I’m an elite guard captain. I’m a man worthy for you now!」<br/>
Originally he planned to confess and then return to the capital together.<br/>
But,<br/>
「Who cares. I’m going to depart already, so don’t get in the way!」<br/>
Lionel’s confession failed.<br/>
Because of that, he tried to forcefully bring her away but…….<br/>
He instead met opposition from Aria and losing in strength.<br/>
Aria was overwhelmingly stronger in the contest of strength.<br/>
「……Even though I worked hard for your sake!」<br/>
「That’s why, how did the talk move to there!?」<br/>
Lionel was pushed away by Aria and fell on the ground. His brand new uniform was dirtied by mud.<br/>
「Ah, sorry.」<br/>
Aria was looking apologetic.<br/>
Lionel stood up, then he brushed off the dirt that was stuck on his clothes.<br/>
「Why won’t you understand?」<br/>
He glared at Aria and drew out his sword.<br/>
Aria was shocked seeing that. Lionel took a step closer.<br/>
(I’ll threaten her and bring her back like this──)<br/>
However, towards Lionel who unsheathed his sword──Aria was merciless.<br/>
She hit the blade with her fist to deflect it away, and then she closed their distance immediately and strongly struck Lionel’s head with her elbow. Lionel crumbled down from his kenes.<br/>
Aria picked up the sword that Lionel let go and threw it to far away.<br/>
「Don’t screw around! Even though you already have a lover, this is dishonest to her.」<br/>
Lionel who was holding his cheek lifted up his face and yelled.<br/>
「Then what about that guy! What about Lyle huh! Hes got a lot of women around him! Getting just one from those──」<br/>
Aria scowled hearing those words.<br/>
「……Don’t treat me like an object.」<br/>
Aria said that and instantly vanished from that place. Lionel gritted his teeth. His face distorted with frustration.<br/>
「It’s that guy. It’s no good because of that guy!」<br/>
Lionel loathed Lyle. He mounted his horse and immediately headed towards the castle gate──<br/>
.<br/>
We departed from the capital and came to the riverside to take a break.<br/>
The snow still slightly remained and the river’s water was cold, but it had become a lot warmer.<br/>
We were sitting around the campfire, but Aria-san looked sullen and dissatisfied.<br/>
「What? You almost got pushed down, so you pushed back the man instead? Aria is far manlier than the average man aren’t you.」<br/>
Miranda-san made fun of her.<br/>
Eva-san too.<br/>
「Lionel was it? He’s lucky he wasn’t beaten up by Aria. He got off lightly with just a single elbow strike hasn’t he?」<br/>
She said such things to tease Aria-san.<br/>
The Fifth intentionally made a cough.<br/>
"Aa~, Lyle. Wait for the right timing and back up Aria. Listen well, if possible do it in a place where everyone isn’t looking. Change the topic of the talk right away."<br/>
The Third was teasing the Fifth inside the Jewel.<br/>
"As expected from the Fifth who was keeping five women. You’re different!"<br/>
"Don’t be sarcastic! Listen, this isn’t a joke. It will be harsh from here on. It will really be difficult okay!"<br/>
I changed the topic before Aria-san who was being made fun of got angry.<br/>
「Err, Lionel was wearing knight uniform wasn’t he?」<br/>
「……That’s right. Looks like he got promoted.」<br/>
Just how did he get promoted?<br/>
Miranda-san also joined the talk.<br/>
「Even though he looks similar to Lyle, will he be alright working in the palace? He might have caught Celes’s eyes, it’s worrying──or not really I guess.」<br/>
Shannon heard that story and got strangely angry.<br/>
「He already seduced Doris-oneesama but then he even approached Aria too……the Walt House is absolutely a slovenly family towards woman.」<br/>
I wanted to immediately retort back「You also have the blood of the Walt House in you though」, but there were people who fiercely objected to Shannon’s statement.<br/>
"Wait. I was devoted to Pasetto alone."<br/>
"I was also devoted to a single wife. I want that statement just now to be taken back."<br/>
"However, there are the Fifth and the Sixth here. Even if we want to deny that, these two’s reputation is a bit……"<br/>
The Sixth was angry.<br/>
"……Can you stop criticizing me every time the topic of woman comes up?"<br/>
The Fifth was silent.<br/>
Aria-san stood up.<br/>
「Hm, where are you going?」<br/>
Eva-san asked. In reply,<br/>
「I’ll substitute the lookout.」<br/>
She was a bit angry, so I chased after her.<br/>
.<br/>
When she arrived at a place with good visibility, Aria-san started complaining while holding her spear.<br/>
「Even though I was also scared, everyone just said"If it’s Aria there won’t be any problem". Just what do they mean by that. I wonder what they’re thinking I am.」<br/>
I didn’t know what to say to the angry Aria-san.<br/>
「Aria-san.」<br/>
Aria-san turned around looking slightly awkward.<br/>
「……What?」<br/>
「Tha, that, you aren’t injured right?」<br/>
Aria-san looked at herself.<br/>
「Do I look injured?」<br/>
Voices like"You were teased because you act like that though" came from inside the Jewel, but I somehow understood that it would be no good if I said that out loud.<br/>
「Please be careful in the future.」<br/>
「You mean about getting hurt?」<br/>
「No, not that, about following other people who call out to you. As for Lionel’s injury……well, he reaped what he sowed so it can’t be helped.」<br/>
Aria-san was looking at me in puzzlement.<br/>
「What?」<br/>
「Could it be, you’re worried for me?」<br/>
She honestly asked. When I nodded, Aria-san was looking at me with a grin.<br/>
「Hee, is that so. H~m」<br/>
It felt like I became the one who was being teased instead, but then Aria-san suddenly looked around. And then she got down and placed her ear on the ground.<br/>
「Eh?」<br/>
「Be quiet!」<br/>
She sensed something like that and,<br/>
「──Hey, could it be we are being pursued?」<br/>
I grabbed the Jewel and used Arts.<br/>
A lot of red dots were moving to surround us……it seemed they were moving using horses.<br/>
「……We’re being pursued.」<br/>
Aria-san looked at me,<br/>
「You, get a hold of yourself. Why didn’t you notice it?」<br/>
Aria-san was staring fixedly at me who was negligent to be on my guard even though I had convenient Arts.<br/>
The Fifth was also,<br/>
"You idiot. What’re you doing suddenly losing focus like this? Come on, quickly go prepare."<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
