<br/>
Chapter 87 – Decision<br/>
<br/>
The night Novem talked about the truth.<br/>
I went inside the Jewel.<br/>
Floating in the room of the round table were the broken silver great sword and silver bow. Both of them were destroyed and didn’t look usable.<br/>
The Third spoke with a troubled look.<br/>
"I thought that Novem-chan was hiding something but, it was a heavy story that surpassed my expectations. If possible I wish that she had spoken about it sooner."<br/>
The Seventh’s shoulders dropped.<br/>
"I didn’t think that the yellow Gem Zenoa had is the actual Jewel that contains Agrissa’s memories."<br/>
The Fourth was sending a sharp gaze towards the Seventh.<br/>
"It became something outrageous because you took in Agrissa’s bloodline."<br/>
"Who could imagine that it would become something like this? In the first place, didn’t everyone here underestimate Celes?"<br/>
The ancestors didn’t deny that.<br/>
The Sixth scratched his hair.<br/>
"Don’t say that. But, it’s our win that we’re able to survive. We can also see what plan to make. Anything can happen from here on."<br/>
I was shocked by the Sixth’s words.<br/>
「We will be able to manage somehow?」<br/>
"Hm? Yeah, naturally."<br/>
How reliable.<br/>
Just when I thought that they had a way to oppose Celes,<br/>
"Don’t get involved with that monster. The best choice is to take distance. Going to Beim just like planned in the beginning and earning money there to leave this continent is also nice."<br/>
「──Eh?」<br/>
The Third was also continuing the talk in the same direction as the Sixth’s suggestion.<br/>
As though they had given up on winning against Celes.<br/>
"In order to bring happiness to the girls who accompany Lyle too, earning money and building a mansion somewhere to have a relaxing life is also not bad."<br/>
The Seventh was also giving up.<br/>
Even though he was talking that much about how he wanted me to succeed the Walt House, he changed his plan after witnessing Celes’s strength.<br/>
"Lyle might as well enter the services of a country somewhere. Let’s build a new Walt House in Lyle’s generation."<br/>
The Fifth was also enthusiastic.<br/>
"That’s nice. It’s not a bad choice to become a small feudal lord in a country that is relatively peaceful."<br/>
The Fourth fell into thought slightly.<br/>
"It’s also hard to discard the option of becoming a merchant. But, if you want to enter a country’s service then a country that’s somewhat in a chaotic situation will be better. You will also get treasured more if you join the disadvantaged side."<br/>
The Sixth was laughing heartily. Even though usually he looked reliable, today was different.<br/>
"You will get immediately treasured in that case! But, if you mistake the situation, you will become hated by the enemy and envied by the ally. No matter how many lives you have it won’t be enough."<br/>
The Third also joined the talk.<br/>
"A place with a lot of war is no good isn’t it? Well, for now let’s go to Beim first before considering it again."<br/>
……Everyone was different from usual.<br/>
They were giving up from the start.<br/>
「Ple, please wait. Are we going to ignore Celes? We’ll just leave her alone like this!?」<br/>
"That’s right."<br/>
The Third answered right away. He joined his hands behind his head and looked at the floating silver bow. It was smashed apart and its shape became incomprehensible. He was staring at it expressionlessly.<br/>
"You can’t win against that. Even if you win, then what? She is the favorite of the crown prince isn’t she? Let’s assume that you get lucky and the brainwashing is released. ……After that, what do you think will happen to the Walt House?"<br/>
The Fourth took off his glasses.<br/>
"After harming the relationship with the Faunbeux Kingdom like that, it’ll be good if the punishment is just a change of rank. It’ll be possible that this time the punishment is death sentence for the entire clan."<br/>
The Fifth immediately denied the hypothesis.<br/>
"That too is only if we can win against Celes. I won’t say that it’s impossible to win against that monster. If something is alive then it can be killed. I’m also curious how the ice Shannon threw hit her head. There might be a weak point. But, do you think how many things will be sacrificed to make that happen?"<br/>
The Sixth’s shoulders dropped.<br/>
"We don’t know how many of your comrades will die. It’s also possible it’ll become total annihilation. Even if you win the things that you obtain will be too few."<br/>
The Seventh crossed his arms.<br/>
"Lyle, you have things to protect. Make the girls who come with you become happy. Honestly, if you are going to keep someone at your side it should be Miranda."<br/>
「……What do you mean by that?」<br/>
The Third answered with an unamused look.<br/>
"I think that Novem-chan is also good but, that depends on Lyle. If you choose Novem-chan, then Miranda-chan and Shannon-chan──and Clara-chan too won’t come with you."<br/>
The Fourth was laughing.<br/>
"The Third really likes Clara. On the other hand, if you choose Miranda then Eva won’t come with you. The ones who will come with you no matter what are……Monica and, Aria and Sophia I guess?"<br/>
I shook my head.<br/>
「Why is that? Is there no strategy to solve this like usual?」<br/>
Even though they were usually unreliable, they ancestors were reliable when push came to shove. They averted their gazes from me.<br/>
Instead the Fifth asked me.<br/>
"What are you going to do even after winning? After you win by sacrificing various things──what will remain for you?"<br/>
「You saw Celes right!? If we leave her alone like that, that fellow will kill a lot of people from here on!」<br/>
"You’re right. And?"<br/>
「──Eh?」<br/>
"That’s why I’m asking you so what. A lot of people will die. What does it matter to you? Because you’re Celes’s big brother? So what. It doesn’t concern you. The current head Maizel who made Celes the heir is in the wrong. The Bahnseim Kingdom who accepts Celes is in the wrong. The surrounding countries who are underestimating her are in the wrong."<br/>
The Sixth opened his mouth while I was perplexed.<br/>
"Lyle, it’s not your responsibility. Rather you’re a victim. Besides, no one is asking you to stop Celes. Perhaps Novem? But even that Novem was thinking about the possibility of you choosing the path of not fighting."<br/>
The Seventh’s complexion was bad.<br/>
"Let’s change the way we say it. Lyle, no one is expecting anything from you. Responsibility is something that is shouldered by the people in the position befitting it. You don’t have any responsibility."<br/>
The Fourth nodded.<br/>
"Prioritize your own happiness. The girls following Lyle will become unhappy you know?"<br/>
I shook my head.<br/>
「No way. I don’t want something like that! Such thing……such thing, abandoning everything even knowing what’s going on is obviously awful!」<br/>
At that time Celes killed even her own knight without batting an eyelid.<br/>
No matter what she was going to do from here on, a lot of blood would flow.<br/>
A great war would occur everywhere in the continent.<br/>
In fact, there would be war with Faunbeux due to Celes’s actions. Such thing would continue from here on.<br/>
Besides──if Celes was taken over by Agrissa, then the continent might follow the same path like three hundred years ago.<br/>
「If Celes isn’t stopped, then thousands, tens of thousands of people will die.」<br/>
"You’re wrong. It will be in the hundreds of thousands, or millions. Celes is still young. Perhaps tens of millions of people will die for the sake of Celes alone."<br/>
In response to the Fifth’s words I,<br/>
「Then, why!?」<br/>
"──The possibility of winning is extremely low. Someone who fights even though only unhappiness is waiting even if they win is just an idiot."<br/>
The Fourth put on his glasses while,<br/>
"There is no need for Lyle to fight. Rather you have really done well hanging on until now."<br/>
The Seventh was pressing his hands on his face.<br/>
"It’s enough already. Lyle, you have fought enough. You have endured the loneliness in the mansion. You have had many things stolen from you by Celes, even so you survived. We were mistaken. You’re praiseworthy."<br/>
……I didn’t feel happy.<br/>
That wasn’t it. Those weren’t the words that I wanted to hear!<br/>
I……I!<br/>
「I……want to stop Celes.」<br/>
The Sixth looked at me.<br/>
"Do you want to take revenge for the gardener who you were indebted to and your friends who she killed?"<br/>
I clenched my fist.<br/>
「There is also that. There is that but──because of her fault many people meet misfortune! Can you see it as unrelated with yourself? I don’t want to do that!」<br/>
I was told I couldn’t win.<br/>
I also thought so.<br/>
Even so──if I ignored it just like this, would I be able to become happy? Would I be able to live happily by myself while the number of people meeting misfortune because of her continued to increase?<br/>
The Sixth said to me.<br/>
"Give up. There is no use."<br/>
The five of them all said that there was no chance of victory even if I fought Celes. The opinion of the ancestors was correct. Even I couldn’t draw the image of me winning.<br/>
My chest felt painful as though it was constricted.<br/>
When I looked up, a broken silver great sword and a broken silver bow were floating.<br/>
……It felt like I heard voices.<br/>
.<br/>
《……You can stop her if it’s you.》<br/>
.<br/>
《……You will be fine if it’s you.》<br/>
.<br/>
The First and the Second’s voices came to mind.<br/>
「I will……fight Celes.」<br/>
A silent click of the tongue could be heard.<br/>
Even the Third was making a cold gaze unlike usual.<br/>
"That’s really a letdown. Even though I thought you will make a smarter choice. Aa~aa, will Novem-chan and the others also die because they follow Lyle? They’re really pitiful."<br/>
The one who was angry at me was the Sixth.<br/>
"You have no strength and also no wisdom. Besides you also have no resolve. It’s impossible for you."<br/>
I put the five of them within my sight and looked at everyone’s face.<br/>
I hit the round table with both hands and stood up.<br/>
「If it’s resolve then I have it!」<br/>
The Fourth took off his glasses without looking at me and wiped the lenses.<br/>
"That’s a lie. Lyle, when you fought with the people of the Virden House, why didn’t you kill them? With Lyle’s true strength you should have been able to kill them, whether the soldiers or the knight. If you ended it immediately, you wouldn’t need to encounter Celes."<br/>
「Tha, that’s!」<br/>
The Fifth pointed out my flaw.<br/>
"You’re too naïve. Could it be you’re thinking you just need to defeat Celes and everything will be all right? That girl becomes the crown princess. Do you really understand the meaning of fighting against a country?"<br/>
Certainly I hadn’t thought until further ahead.<br/>
I also didn’t understand how to fight from here on.<br/>
I didn’t understand but──<br/>
「There’s no way I know about that. I don’t know the meaning of doing that at all. But──but!」<br/>
I glared at the five of them.<br/>
「I decided to do it! If you all are just going to complain from the side, then just shut your traps already!」<br/>
The gazes of the five all turned sharp.<br/>
The gazes that they had never turned towards me contained intensity that felt like they could kill someone with just their eyes.<br/>
The Sixth was scarier than usual. A giant glaring at you had that much of an impact but, the Sixth had something that was more than that.<br/>
"Don’t get carried away you brat. If Miranda and Shannon get sacrificed because of you, then I’ll use every way to crush you. Don’t think that we can’t do anything here."<br/>
I laughed.<br/>
I put on a grin, and then──<br/>
「Am I going to spend my life in fear like this forever? The ancestors are teaching me the great and smart way to live. I’m so happy I’m crying. You’re saying that it’s okay to run because I cannot win? Can you say that Celes won’t come chasing me when she has grown until she is beyond even Novem huh!?」<br/>
If you were going to fight, then do it while there was still a possibility to win.<br/>
"That Novem cannot be trusted though. Perhaps she is actually connected with Celes and laughing together with her behind your back. Miranda also said it right? It’s not likely that the whole of Novem’s story is the truth."<br/>
The Third snapped his fingers.<br/>
"Can you say the same thing even after seeing this?"<br/>
The scenery inside the Jewel changed, under a dark red sky──Novem and the others were lying down on the ground.<br/>
Their murdered figures could be seen there.<br/>
I told myself that this was an illusion and glared at the Third.<br/>
The Third who was usually expressive was expressionless.<br/>
"Your complexion is bad there. I can’t expect anything from you in the future if you’re already flustered just from an illusion of this level. The girls who come with you will die. Even if you luckily win, what will wait after that will only be the fate of getting feared as the family of Celes and getting rid of by everyone."<br/>
Novem and the others who had become corpses gathered at my feet and grabbed my ankle. Their mouths spat out blood with spears and arrows stabbing their bodies.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, why didn’t you save me?」<br/>
Miranda-san looked at me and cried.<br/>
「Shannon died. I’m also in this state. ──Why did you fight Celes!?」<br/>
Aria-san and Sophia-san also caught my legs and then──<br/>
「If only I didn’t come with you.」<br/>
「I never thought I would end up like this.」<br/>
Monica only had her head remaining looking at me.<br/>
「Aa, chicken dickwad. Do you know where my body is? I can’t take care of chicken dickwad like this. I have to find my body quickly.」<br/>
Clara-san was getting on my back with her body losing its arms and legs.<br/>
「Lyle-san, I want new prosthetics. I don’t have my arms and legs anymore.」<br/>
The beating of my heart quickened.<br/>
Even knowing that this was an illusion, I wanted to close my eyes from this scene.<br/>
Eva-san was holding her slashed throat with both hands. With a hoarse voice due to the leaking out air,<br/>
「Give it back. Give me back my voice!」<br/>
And then Shannon was,<br/>
「Aa~aa, I’m hungry. I want to eat something. But you know, Lyle……my stomach is like this so I can’t eat.」<br/>
Shannon who had a large hole in her stomach was looking at me while laughing.<br/>
The Third spoke.<br/>
"──Everyone is so pitiful. Because they got involved with Lyle, everyone met misfortune like this. Everyone become unhappy because of Lyle’s decision."<br/>
I took a deep breath and calmed my heart.<br/>
When I noticed, the illusion was vanishing.<br/>
「Even so I’ll fight Celes.」<br/>
Knowing that my answer didn’t change, the Third shook his head.<br/>
"Your determination isn’t shaken even after seeing this kind of sight. How magnificent. It’s fine if you make all the people who get involved with you meet unhappiness like that."<br/>
I hit the round table with my fist.<br/>
The sound resounded inside the room, then I vented my feelings<br/>
「Are you telling me to feel satisfied as long as I can be happy myself? Even I──have been involved with many people until now! Rather than living in regret after shutting my eyes and ears while treating all of that as though it never happened, choosing to fight is still better!」<br/>
The Fifth closed his eyes.<br/>
"Are you going to ignore the people who will become unhappy for the sake of you fighting Celes?"<br/>
The Fourth ridiculed me.<br/>
"Someone who tries to do the right thing, or perhaps someone who thinks of themself as righteous sometimes will become even more horribly cruel because of it. Lyle has the talent for it. As expected from Celes’s big brother."<br/>
「I don’t think that I’m righteous. Even so──even so it’s no good unless someone does it.」<br/>
"How about leaving it to the qualified person? Being a hero isn’t fitting for Lyle."<br/>
Even I wanted to leave it to the hero if someone like that existed.<br/>
If there was a hero in this world, then I was fine with helping that person.<br/>
But, right now in this moment──<br/>
「Who do you mean by the qualified person huh? If there’s someone like that then bring him here! You’re telling me to leave this alone because someone else will do it? I’m saying this because no one is doing anything! If someone else wants to do it then I’ll help them out! There isn’t anyone. I also can’t expect that anyone like that will show up. Wait for a hero who will someday appear? Don’t joke around!」<br/>
I yelled following my emotions. Then I calmed down my rough breathing.<br/>
「……I’ll do it. I’ll fight Celes. It’s not for anyone else’s sake. I also have no intention to claim that justice is on my side. But, I’ll do it because that’s what I want to do! If you guys are only going to whine and grumble then just shut up and watch from over there!」<br/>
The room of the round table suddenly shined.<br/>
.<br/>
「It’s not because someone told me. It’s also not because someone requested me. I decided by myself that I’ll defeat Celes!」<br/>
.<br/>
The floating broken silver great sword, and then the broken silver bow were shining and returning to their former figure.<br/>
One of the Jewels that were placed in the ceiling in radial shape showed a strong shine.<br/>
My Art.<br/>
My own Art was liberating its second stage.<br/>
"What in the world is this?"<br/>
The Seventh looked behind me. A light was emitted from behind. When I turned around a memory room that wasn’t there until now was created.<br/>
While I was feeling surprised by the birth of the door that didn’t exist there before, the Third closed his eyes.<br/>
"……Is the Jewel recognizing Lyle? Good grief, I don’t understand why you’re trying to walk a painful path."<br/>
The Fourth was looking up to the silver weapons that were repaired.<br/>
"Doesn’t this make it seem like the First and the Second recognized him?"<br/>
The Fifth was astonished while grumbling again.<br/>
"I wish that you will ponder about it more before deciding though. It’s the truth that there isn’t any need for you to force yourself to fight. I’m still in opposition even now."<br/>
The Sixth made a troubled smile.<br/>
"When you finally decided your own objective, it ended up being a really outrageous objective."<br/>
The Seventh used his hand to hide his eyes that became a bit tearful.<br/>
"Lyle──I, wished that you will choose a path of survival even if it’s just you."<br/>
I was a bit startled by the change of the five’s attitude.<br/>
「Were you guys testing me?」<br/>
The Fourth shook his head.<br/>
"It’s the fact that we’re thinking it’s better if you don’t fight Celes. After all there isn’t any prospect of being able to win against her with certainty. If you only had halfhearted feelings then we intended to strongly object and stop you."<br/>
The Fifth was worried.<br/>
"It’s not enough with just resolve though. Celes is still in the middle of growing right? It’s simply a nightmare that she will become even stronger. If there is a prospect of victory……it will only be by dragging the whole continent into this."<br/>
The Sixth spread out his hands,<br/>
"Isn’t that fine. The Eighth──no, Lyle is the Ninth. Along with the Ninth, the Walt House will fight with the fate of the world on the line. That’s really something worth doing."<br/>
The Seventh looked at me. His eyes were a bit red.<br/>
"Lyle, now that it has come to this you won’t be able to do anything by yourself. Bahnseim is a large country. In order for you to win, you’ll need the appropriate power."<br/>
「……Appropriate power?」<br/>
"It won’t be enough with just a simple strength. The you right now doesn’t have any authority. You also don’t have enough money and soldiers. In your present state you won’t be able to even fight Celes."<br/>
The Third stood up, then the remaining four also stood up.<br/>
"We’ll lend you a hand if you have resolved yourself. This will be a fight that even we are inexperienced in. The matters in which we’re unreliable with will also increase from here on."<br/>
I grinned.<br/>
「That’s reliable though.」<br/>
"Is that so? Also, let me teach you one important thing from now."<br/>
When I thought just what he was going to say,<br/>
"Lyle, can you dirty your hands in order to defeat Celes?"<br/>
I was asked whether I could kill another human.<br/>
I clenched my hand and strongly nodded. Then the Third continued.<br/>
"From here on, Lyle will make other people meet unhappiness. You will be able to advance only by making other people unhappy. You have the resolve to defeat Celes even then don’t you?"<br/>
「Yes.」<br/>
"I see. Then, become a villain from today."<br/>
The faces of the Third and the others were the very picture of seriousness.<br/>
「Villain?」<br/>
"Step on other people in order to accomplish your great cause. You will want to vomit when you put on a mask of justice. A great cause is necessary. And it’s also fine to talk about justice. But you see, it’s no good if you don’t have the self-awareness that you’re a villain. Rather than stepping over other people and advancing forward for the sake of justice, being a villain is still better. You have the resolve to become a heinous great villain don’t you?"<br/>
I didn’t expect that but, if I could defeat Celes with that──<br/>
「……I’m, heading to hell huh.」<br/>
When I showed a grin, everyone smirked and laughed.<br/>
"You can rest assured, all of us here are villains. We’re nothing more than memories but, our real selves are all surely in hell, so you don’t need to worry about not having any guide there."<br/>
The Fifth also grinned meaningfully.<br/>
"Besides, if you’re planning to step into hell then you’ll be able to step into it while you’re alive. After all, your life will be hell from now on. The battlefield is hell you know? We will guide you properly, whether it’s in this world or in that world."<br/>
It seemed my hell would begin from this moment.<br/>
──These guys are really reliable guides aren’t they.<br/>
"Also there is just one more thing. Promise us one thing."<br/>
「Promise?」<br/>
"Yes. It’s an important promise."<br/>
.<br/>
When I opened my eyes, I woke up when the dawn still hadn’t arrived.<br/>
I could move without problem but──<br/>
「The wound on my left arm is still remaining huh.」<br/>
The wound that was created when Celes stuck me on the wall was still painful. And then, the scar was remaining vividly.<br/>
I grabbed the wound with my right hand.<br/>
「I guess it’s just right so that I don’t forget that humiliation.」<br/>
The frustration of being unable to do anything.<br/>
The despair of seeing my comrades falling……this was just right so that I wouldn’t forget them.<br/>
Inside the room was Monica who was sleeping while standing.<br/>
When I got out of the bed and stood up, Monica also opened her eyes.<br/>
「Fuee, I overslept.」<br/>
Even though there was no drool on her mouth, she made a wiping gesture while looking embarrassed.<br/>
「Is that on purpose?」<br/>
「Fufu, cute isn’t it?」<br/>
Monica said that and posed, then she told me what time it was.<br/>
「There is still a bit more time until dawn though?」<br/>
「I’m just waking up early.」<br/>
I said that and then asked Monica.<br/>
「Hey, will you come with me no matter what kind of stupid thing I say?」<br/>
「Of course!」<br/>
Hearing Monica’s instant answer, I wondered if perhaps this fellow wasn’t thinking of anything. Such worry crossed my mind but, I also felt how reliable she was.<br/>
「……Thanks.」<br/>
「Oh! So you finally go dere? Finally this Monica’s love goes through! Then, let’s quickly ascertain it by skin contact──」<br/>
I quickly hit Monica’s head. Her voluminous twintails shook from it.<br/>
The tip of her hair shook in bouncing way. While seeing that, I recalled the time when I gave her a name at the beginning.<br/>
I named her Poyopoyo which was unpopular with everyone.<br/>
「……Monica.」<br/>
「What is it?」<br/>
Monica who was pressing her hands on the spot that got hit was looking teary.<br/>
「The party is dissolved. I found something to do. Come with me.」<br/>
Monica made a serious face and bowed politely with a curtsy.<br/>
「I shall accompany you no matter where.」<br/>
「Sorry that your master is an idiot.」<br/>
Monica smiled. She looked really happy.<br/>
「A hopeless master is the most worthwhile master to be devoted to. This Monica loves chicken dickwad who is like that.」<br/>
……I couldn’t honestly feel happy hearing that.<br/>
.<br/>
──Sophia was confused from the morning.<br/>
「Just when I wondered what he would say.」<br/>
She was inside the room she was using together with Aria and Clara. She was bewildered by what Lyle said this morning.<br/>
Clara was reading a book.<br/>
It looked hard for her to read with one hand.<br/>
「I think that it can’t be helped. After all, there is a change in plan. Lyle-san will also pay the money, and we’ll be able to come along if it’s until Beim. I think there isn’t really any problem.」<br/>
Aria was irritated.<br/>
「It’s troubling if he said that so suddenly! How about our feelings──」<br/>
Lyle told everyone about the change of plan.<br/>
There was no change with the plan of going to Beim.<br/>
But, his aim wasn’t to become a first class adventurer, but to defeat Celes.<br/>
One day Celes would spread out disaster to the whole continent.<br/>
Someone had to take her down.<br/>
Lyle declared that he would take action to accomplish that.<br/>
Sophia looked down.<br/>
(There’ll be only hell waiting. It’s also unknown whether he will be able to prepare a satisfactory reward for it. He said that but, he doesn’t need to dissolve the party just because of that.)<br/>
Sophia asked Aria and Clara about their intention.<br/>
「What will the two of you do?」<br/>
Clara answered right away.<br/>
「I have decided.」<br/>
From Clara’s attitude, Sophia judged that she would surely leave the party after its dissolution. Aria also reached the same conclusion as Sophia.<br/>
「You’re cold as usual. Well, I also understand your feelings. Anyone will hesitate if they’re told to challenge Celes again.」<br/>
In front of the worrying Aria, Sophia was also unable to find an answer──<br/>
.<br/>
──The courtyard of the mansion of the Faunbeux royal family.<br/>
Eva was moving her body.<br/>
Sophia was asking that Eva about the matter from here on.<br/>
「What I’m going to do after this? That’s obvious.」<br/>
「You answered it quickly.」<br/>
「It’s useless even if I’m worrying about it. Sophia too, it’ll be better if you decide it by yourself. If you get influenced by someone else’s opinion, then you will regret it later, thinking that it shouldn’t be like this.」<br/>
「Ye, yes. Then, Eva-san is──」<br/>
Eva thrust her finger at Sophia’s large breast.<br/>
「Hyah! Wha, what’re you doing!?」<br/>
「That’s why, don’t worry about other people’s opinions! I won’t tell you my answer. Find your own answer properly.」<br/>
Eva said that and begun exercising once more──<br/>
.<br/>
──The room that Miranda and Shannon were using.<br/>
When Sophia visited, Miranda was busily doing some kind of preparation.<br/>
She kept her back turned toward her while preparing some kind of tool and taking memo.<br/>
Shannon was looking alternately at the faces of Miranda and Sophia in a dither.<br/>
Sophia was feeling timid towards Miranda who didn’t seem like she would answer her question and hung her head down.<br/>
Miranda sighed.<br/>
「Can we win against Celes? You want to ask something like that?」<br/>
「E, err……」<br/>
Miranda turned towards Sophia. Her attitude was harsher than usual.<br/>
「It’s impossible if we’re stay the same as now. It’ll be difficult with a frontal attack.」<br/>
「Even Miranda-san cannot win?」<br/>
「It’s impossible with myself alone. The possibility is low even with our current lineup.」<br/>
Sophia looked at Miranda’s figure and thought.<br/>
「Miranda-san is always speaking so clearly.」<br/>
「Looks like my answer isn’t one that you are hoping for. Well, do as you like. No one will complain even if you run away.」<br/>
Sophia left the two’s room──<br/>
.<br/>
──Shannon was looking at Miranda inside the room that Sophia had left.<br/>
「Onee-sama?」<br/>
Miranda stood up and folded her arms under her chest.<br/>
「It seems you want to say something.」<br/>
「……I think, that was a bit cold.」<br/>
「Do you want me to persuade Sophia gently? It’ll be troubling if she doesn’t decide this much on her own. I’m not Sophia’s caretaker.」<br/>
Shannon dropped her gaze.<br/>
「She was really lost.」<br/>
Miranda shrugged towards Shannon.<br/>
「You read Sophia’s emotion using your eyes didn’t you? Well, even I understood that much though.」<br/>
「Then, why?」<br/>
「Why I pushed her away coldly, you asked? You see, I want Sophia and Aria to decide with their own will. It’ll be just a bother even if they come along with a weak resolve thinking of coming along because that’s what everyone does. If that’s the degree of their resolve, then it will be for their own good to leave the party from the start.」<br/>
Shannon was slightly relieved that Miranda was thinking of them in her own way.<br/>
「……besides, if Novem’s story is true then even if we get new comrades from here on, they will all be woman. It’ll be hard for them if they come along with half-baked feelings.」<br/>
「What will be the problem with that?」<br/>
「Relationships between fellow woman is something troublesome. Right now things are still going barely well, but it won’t be strange if this balance crumbles one day.」<br/>
Shannon almost said that it looked like Miranda was the one making that balance crumble, but she swallowed those words.<br/>
「It’s better to stop both Aria and Sophia staying at Lyle’s side with half-baked feelings. Lyle looks like he has resolved himself. If it’s something that he decides himself, then I won’t make any complaints.」<br/>
Shannon thought for a bit, then when she was going to convey her own feeling,<br/>
「I──」<br/>
「Ah, Shannon will come together with me.」<br/>
「──Eh?」<br/>
「Because, you won’t be able to live without me. Sophia is an adult, but you’re still a child so you’ll come with me.」<br/>
Shannon who was told she was still a child felt really complicated──<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
