<br/>
Chapter 97 – Heading For the Metropolis of Freedom<br/>
<br/>
Inside the vehicle that departed from the Laukaan Kingdom and in the middle of heading for Beim.<br/>
I could hear noisy voices from the rear area.<br/>
「Stop making a damn mess already, you mysterious creature! Also, who was the one who ate chicken dickwad’s snack!?」<br/>
「Because I was hungry. Even so human’s food is really delicious. I’m pleased with it.」<br/>
「You said that after eating even the lunches that I prepared! Also, who was the one who ate chicken dickwad’s snack! If you don’t show yourself then there won’t be any lunch!」<br/>
「That was Shannon who did it.」<br/>
「May, you also ate it. You betrayed me!」<br/>
「That’s because you also ate my portion! Even I wanted to eat more, and yet you wouldn’t share.」<br/>
When the two started arguing, I could hear Monica’s low voice.<br/>
「Looks like I have found the dunces. No lunch for you two. Let’s also exclude the desert from dinner.」<br/>
「Monica, I’m sorry! I also want to eat lunch.」<br/>
「Monica forgive me! Even though I told her to stop, May ate the snacks as she pleased.」<br/>
「Shannon, you’re betraying me again!」<br/>
「It was you who betrayed me first!」<br/>
What a sad conversation.<br/>
I didn’t want to learn that the qilin who was called a divine beast was on the same level as Shannon.<br/>
Setting that aside, May was a really big eater.<br/>
It seemed the creature called qilin was omnivorous.<br/>
They could eat anything whether it was meat or vegetable.<br/>
Also, they loved sweets too.<br/>
She often scrambled for sweets with Shannon. I often caught sight of her getting scolded because of that.<br/>
I listened to the argument from the passenger seat while talking to Clara who was sitting beside me.<br/>
Clara’s left arm was wearing the new prosthetic arm.<br/>
It was really similar to the previous one.<br/>
「How is the new prosthetic arm?」<br/>
When I tried talking to her, Clara replied with a wry smile.<br/>
「This one was prepared by Monica-san and Lily-san for me. Professor Damian is enthusiastic about making a new prosthetic arm and it’s still not finished.」<br/>
It was a substitute that was made by Monica and Lily-san, even so its performance was better than the prosthetic arm that she previously used.<br/>
Clara was satisfied with it, but it seemed the prosthetic arm that Damian was creating weighed on her mind.<br/>
「I’m happy that he is creating it for me but, I can only feel anxious from hearing him talk.」<br/>
「What is he planning to do?」<br/>
「He said about combining magic tools and attaching a huge cannon. Though I’m scared by the recoil of such thing so I wish he would stop.」<br/>
What kind of thing was he trying to attach to a prosthetic arm?<br/>
Damian’s idea was really out there.<br/>
I couldn’t understand it.<br/>
This time Clara talked to me.<br/>
「Lyle-san too, you have it hard this time.」<br/>
「Is it about May? But, isn’t it good from the result?」<br/>
Although I almost got killed.<br/>
「No, I mean that too but, it’s about those three. Since they returned, it seems that they’ve opened their hearts to each other or something──」<br/>
Hearing Clara’s inarticulate wording, I recalled about Aria and the other two these several days.<br/>
I only felt like there was a gap in their relationship the same as before.<br/>
「I wonder? Miranda and Eva often argue with each other. They also often make fun of Aria. I think there is no change though?」<br/>
Hearing my opinion, conflicted voices also came from inside the Jewel.<br/>
"They have gotten a bit better I think?"<br/>
"It’s a good thing that there’s improvement."<br/>
"May is really soothing. Rather, it’s good that it seems she is getting along with Shannon."<br/>
"──Fifth is really not concerned at all. As for me, I want to be spared from their arguments too. I’m feeling chilly here wondering where they’ll quarrel for real."<br/>
"It was really horrible with my mothers after all."<br/>
Was it really fine like this?<br/>
While pondering that, Clara chuckled and changed the topic.<br/>
「Even so, we’re finally heading to Beim.」<br/>
Beim where the adventurers were aiming to head to was also called a free city.<br/>
As expected from a place that was called as the home of adventurers, a lot of adventurers were aiming to go to Beim.<br/>
In Beim there was a dungeon that was under the management of the free city, it was also a place for the adventurers to earn money.<br/>
I didn’t know about the situation in detail, but when I thought we could finally head there──I got a bit sad.<br/>
There was a party who I promised to meet again.<br/>
But, their lives were taken away by Celes.<br/>
──The promise couldn’t be kept.<br/>
I thought of various things.<br/>
Clara was worrying about me who was staying silent.<br/>
「What’s the matter?」<br/>
「No, I’m thinking that various things have happened.」<br/>
「That’s true. Lyle-san, you also had wanted posters posted for you this time.」<br/>
That guy Lionel made me a wanted man.<br/>
That guy was doing whatever he pleased.<br/>
Even though I still hadn’t done anything.<br/>
The Third was laughing.<br/>
"Thinking about the future then he isn’t that mistaken though. But, it might become slightly troublesome if your status keeps being a wanted man like that. Although you’ll stay in another country, there is also a lot of adventurers who come from Bahnseim."<br/>
That’s right.<br/>
It would be troubling if the rumor that I was a rebel was spreading.<br/>
「It’s troubling.」<br/>
The wanted poster didn’t look like me, but I wanted to be spared from my name spreading in a bad sense.<br/>
「Monica-san did various things but, we can’t confirm whether they’re effective or not.」<br/>
「Monica did? What did she do?」<br/>
It seemed she did something without me noticing.<br/>
She said to leave it to her but, really, just what kind of countermeasure did she take?<br/>
Clara was exasperated.<br/>
「Lyle-san, you didn’t know?」<br/>
When I nodded honestly, Clara explained to me what Monica did.<br/>
「You see, actually──」<br/>
.<br/>
──Around that time.<br/>
Lionel was in a city located at the eastern border of Bahnseim.<br/>
He was inside a small bar built from wood that was managed by an old barkeeper.<br/>
Even though it wasn’t the operating hours of the bar, he forcefully entered and made the barkeeper prepare alcohol for him.<br/>
He used his status as a knight and did whatever he pleased.<br/>
Lionel drank alcohol from afternoon and spoke his dissatisfaction.<br/>
「All of them are incompetents without exception. What do they mean by there is no need to worry. They can’t even gather information about Lyle and his group.」<br/>
Even though he had prepared wanted posters and even assigned reward for it, there wasn’t even any information that reached him.<br/>
He left the fortress in irritation and went around everywhere like this while throwing his weight around at the knights and soldiers protecting the border.<br/>
He didn’t even have anything else to do other than that. He passed his time drinking alcohol.<br/>
「We’ll absolutely catch them they said. But they aren’t captured no matter how much time passed like this.」<br/>
The barkeeper looked scared toward Lionel.<br/>
Lionel thought it was because he was a knight.<br/>
(The people around are behaving humbly when I’m great knight. It feels good.)<br/>
The people who were looking down on him before this were now currying favor with him.<br/>
It was the greatest feeling for Lionel.<br/>
Suddenly his gaze turned toward the bar’s wall. There was a wanted poster there.<br/>
It was the wanted poster that had the face of the hateful Lyle drawn on it.<br/>
「So it’s placed here too. Looks like they’re doing their job. How admirable.」<br/>
He highly evaluated the work of others who properly posted the wanted poster he prepared to everywhere.<br/>
He drank his alcohol and enjoyed the food. Before long he almost ran out of both.<br/>
「I still want to eat and drink. Guess I’ll order more. Oi, old man──eh?」<br/>
When he looked at the counter, the barkeeper wasn’t there.<br/>
He moved his neck and searched inside the cramped bar, but he couldn’t find him anywhere.<br/>
「──What, is he outside? Making me wait like this, it’ll be beheading for him. I’m a Baron, the captain of Celes-sama’s special elite guard.」<br/>
He boasted his status and title while draining up his alcohol. Then he called for the barkeeper with a loud voice.<br/>
「Oi, shitty old man! If you don’t come quickly then I’ll make you into my sword’s rust!」<br/>
When his voice was starting to become inarticulate, his shoulder was suddenly tapped from behind.<br/>
「Aaa?」<br/>
He turned around and displayed a displeased face toward the person there. There he found the soldiers protecting this border. It seemed the barkeeper led them here.<br/>
Lionel clicked his tongue.<br/>
「Oi, what’s your business? If you’re going to call me somewhere then sends a knight to lead me there at the very least. I’m a Baron──」<br/>
The soldiers ignored Lionel’s rambling and looked at Lionel’s face and the wanted poster they brought alternately.<br/>
「There’s no doubt, it’s this guy.」<br/>
「This guy is the rebel?」<br/>
「Drinking beer from afternoon and standing out like this, is he an idiot?」<br/>
Lionel flew into rage hearing the soldiers’ exasperated tone and what they were talking about.<br/>
「Oi, what’re you guys saying? I’m a rebel? I’m the captain of Celes-sama’s special elite guard, the Baron Lionel Walt-sama!」<br/>
Lionel stood up and grabbed a soldier’s collar, but the soldier easily pushed Lionel away that he fell on the floor.<br/>
「What a noisy drunkard.」<br/>
「What is this special elite guard thing?」<br/>
「Don’t know.」<br/>
The soldiers looked at each other’s face and tilted their head in puzzlement.<br/>
The information from the central hadn’t spread out thoroughly enough through the countryside.<br/>
The lowest rank of soldiers still hadn’t heard anything about the story of special elite guard or anything.<br/>
Because of that, they didn’t recognize Lionel.<br/>
Lionel stood up and placed his hand on his sword’s handle. And then he drew it out.<br/>
「You, you’re making light of me! Look carefully at the wanted poster! I’m Lionel. Not that damn Lyle!」<br/>
The three soldiers checked the wanted poster.<br/>
「No, this is you right? Besides the name is also written Lionel here. You really don’t know when to give up huh. Let’s take this guy quickly.」<br/>
The soldiers hit away the sword Lionel drew out and he dropped it.<br/>
「Wa, wait! I’m Lionel!」<br/>
「That’s why, we’re saying you’re the rebel Lionel.」<br/>
His hands were tied up and the three soldiers led him away.<br/>
Lionel pondered what was going on within his drunken mind.<br/>
(Wh, why is this happening? Why is it me and not Lyle──)<br/>
Then he caught sight of the wanted poster a soldier dropped.<br/>
The portrait of Lyle was subtly revised there. Furthermore the name was also written as Lionel.<br/>
「Eh?」<br/>
Lionel felt like he was dreaming.<br/>
「Aa, I see. I drank too much. This is a dream.」<br/>
Thinking that, he wished that he would wake up from the dream quickly while the soldiers were dragging him away.<br/>
In the end, he wasn’t released from the prison even when the next day came. He noticed that it was reality and made a ruckus.<br/>
However, no one paid any attention to him for several days since then. He kept being locked inside the prison──<br/>
.<br/>
「──That was what she did.」<br/>
At Porter’s driver seat.<br/>
I doubted my ears when I heard about the matter of Lionel.<br/>
「Switching the wanted posters?」<br/>
Wanted posters with Lionel’s name written on them were prepared and they were posted before we crossed the border.<br/>
It was carried out at all the places we stopped by so it sounded unbelievable.<br/>
「That fellow, did such thing?」<br/>
Then Monica’s voice came to the driver seat.<br/>
「Fufufu, so you only noticed now. Chicken dickwad is really dull.」<br/>
Monica showed her face from the door and peeked inside.<br/>
「You were also able to do such thing?」<br/>
Monica started singing her own praises.<br/>
「This Monica is a perfect maid. How can it be possible that I can’t do such trivial things? I switched all the wanted posters at night, I also substituted the wanted posters that hadn’t been spread out, and then I also exchanged the wanted posters in the checkpoint when we crossed the border. There is nothing impossible for this beautiful Monica. Maid, it’s a full-fledged all-rounder who can do anything! Maid is everything. Everything is none other than maid!」<br/>
Clara added.<br/>
「I was also helping out.」<br/>
「I’m sorry that you had to go along with her.」<br/>
When I apologized to Clara, Monica was biting her handkerchief.<br/>
「Chicken dickwad is always like this. You won’t praise me while getting engrossed with other woman only. But, I also love such chicken dickwad.」<br/>
"This girl is always fooling around but she’s amazing even then."<br/>
The Fifth was strangely impressed.<br/>
I ignored Monica who was starting to do a solo act and talked to Clara.<br/>
「Then, perhaps over there is in chaos right now.」<br/>
「Perhaps Lionel-san even got captured unexpectedly.」<br/>
I laughed at Clara’s joke.<br/>
I felt happy learning that even Clara could tell a joke.<br/>
「As expected there’s no way that’ll happen.」<br/>
「Indeed. I myself am thinking that it’s impossible.」<br/>
Clara’s cheeks slightly reddened in embarrassment. She looked really cute.<br/>
The one who broke that heartwarming atmosphere was May.<br/>
She came to the driver seat and brought her face close to me.<br/>
At this distance our noses almost touched.<br/>
「Lyle, do you know about cake? Hey, you know right?」<br/>
「Why are you asking that out of nowhere? Also you’re too close.」<br/>
The Fifth was complaining.<br/>
"Be kinder to her."<br/>
When I tried to distance myself, May approached even closer and pushed me.<br/>
「Shannon was bragging about it to me. I never eaten any cake before!」<br/>
「Eh, is that so?」<br/>
"At best I gave her baked sweets in my era. A cake is a little bit──I was worried whether it would be alright to let her eat cake."<br/>
The Sixth was shocked hearing the Fifth’s words.<br/>
"Even though you never gave anything like sweets to your own children."<br/>
"No, your mothers properly prepared those for you guys already. Those women, they wouldn’t prepare some for May. I wonder why."<br/>
Wasn’t it because there was a problem with the Fifth’s attitude?<br/>
Setting that aside, May pushed down me who tried to escape.<br/>
「Lyle, I also want to eat cake!」<br/>
「Go, got it. I’ll prepare one. I’ll make Monica create one, that’s why stop it!」<br/>
「Really!? As expected from my husband!」<br/>
May showed me a smile. Monica made a scary face that made me shudder.<br/>
「This mysterious country hicks creature, you’re claiming to be chicken dickwad’s wife? I won’t recognize that. I’ll be the one to take care of chicken dickwad forever!」<br/>
No, what did having a wife have to do with that? I don’t get it.<br/>
「Clara, help me.」<br/>
I asked for help from the nearby Clara.<br/>
Clara ignored us who were being noisy while driving Porter.<br/>
Clara’s expression had turned expressionless. She said.<br/>
「It seems you two are getting along really well there.」<br/>
The Third made a ruckus inside the Jewel hearing those words.<br/>
"Lyle! Follow up. Give a follow up to Clara-chan. She is angry. Perhaps, she is really angry!"<br/>
Eh, why?<br/>
May who was sitting on my waist looked at Clara and smiled.<br/>
「Do you also want Lyle’s seed? Then you can just ask. I have no intention to monopolize him so don’t worry.」<br/>
Clara’s glasses slipped down.<br/>
「Eh? Se──se, seed?」<br/>
Clara got beet red.<br/>
Because she was in the middle of driving, Porter suddenly started zigzagging.<br/>
The screams of the girls could be heard from the rear area.<br/>
May fell down and her faced ended up pressing on my chest.<br/>
「Wh, what happened just──now」<br/>
The one who came to the driver seat in a bad timing was Sophia.<br/>
「──ah」<br/>
While I was thinking of how to make an excuse, the Seventh muttered.<br/>
"Lyle, why are you always making a cornered situation like this?"<br/>
Seeing me lying down while hugging May, she became bright red until her ears.<br/>
May lifted up her upper body but, she made a confused look when she saw Sophia.<br/>
It seemed that May didn’t understand the situation. ──This was extremely bad.<br/>
「Wha, WHAT ARE YOU TWO DOINGGGGG!!」<br/>
「This is a misunderstanding! Someone please explain! Clara──」<br/>
She hit her head and fainted.<br/>
Monica looked at me and made an excited face.<br/>
This damn automaton, she was enjoying this situation.<br/>
The rear area became even noisier after Sophia yelled.<br/>
「You’re noisy Sophia. Just what is──wait, Lyle! Yo, you, just what’re you doing here!?」<br/>
Even Aria came. Then the girls showed up one after another.<br/>
Miranda was smiling but it was scary.<br/>
「Oh, how bold. I also want to fawn on Lyle like that.」<br/>
Miranda wanted to fawn on me!? No, I didn’t mind but for some reason it felt scary.<br/>
「Lyle, it’s problematic to suddenly start from a qilin. As I thought main heroine should get the first turn. You can’t neglect Novem like this! Do it first with Novem.」<br/>
Eva was saying something but, I wished that you would first notice the misunderstanding before taking problem with the turn.<br/>
Shannon was laughing while holding her stomach.<br/>
「That face you’re making. It made me laugh.」<br/>
As expected, I hated this girl who was laughing when seeing me in trouble.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, that──I think that it might be better to do something like that when it’s night.」<br/>
Novem, I’m begging you listen to me.<br/>
「Wait. This is a misunderstanding. This isn’t like how it looks.」<br/>
Then May puffed up her cheeks and got angry.<br/>
「Wait, what do you mean by that? You promised to give me your seed!」<br/>
"That’s right. Lyle, you have to look after May properly."<br/>
「As I thought! Lyle, come to the back for a bit.」<br/>
Aria caught me and forcefully dragged me to the back.<br/>
Monica was giving treatment to Clara. She was waving her hand smilingly at me.<br/>
It seemed she had no intention to solve the misunderstanding.<br/>
What perfect maid?<br/>
You didn’t even help when your master was in danger.<br/>
"Lyle, it became like this because you don’t properly explain about the matter with May."<br/>
"This is no good. Thirty points."<br/>
"More importantly, don’t forget about the cake."<br/>
"Fifth, just shut up already."<br/>
"Lyle, you also have it hard."<br/>
I ignored the noises from the Jewel.<br/>
More importantly, just what should I do to get through this situation?<br/>
.<br/>
Inside the Jewel, the room of the round table.<br/>
I showed up there where the five ancestors were waiting for me.<br/>
The Third laughed seeing my tired face.<br/>
「Please don’t laugh.」<br/>
"Because, there’s no way I can’t laugh. But, I could already imagine this would happen when the matter of mate came up. Everyone is that isn’t it? They’re really innocent."<br/>
I thought that I would talk about this matter when the situation calmed down.<br/>
But then I forgot it and the matter came to light at the worst timing.<br/>
Miranda’s smile was scary.<br/>
She said something like 「There is turn in line so wait a little bit more okay?」 to May.<br/>
Turn in line──there was something like that? That was the first time I heard about it though.<br/>
"Now then, putting that aside, let’s discuss about the future matter before entering Beim. Thanks to May we obtained living funds for the time being."<br/>
The other four also tensed their expression at the Third’s serious atmosphere.<br/>
I still couldn’t accept it, and I also wanted to complain but I endured it.<br/>
「We’ll be working in order to defeat Celes won’t we? What else is there other than that?」<br/>
"Lyle, the Third isn’t talking about our objective, he is talking about the process. Defeating Celes. We understand that. But, we haven’t decided how will we defeat her."<br/>
The Fourth said that. Then the Seventh taught me several methods.<br/>
"One method is to join a force that wants to defeat Celes. But, the prospect for this is slim. After all there are still few countries that consider Celes as dangerous. Even the inside of the country is in confusion. There might be sympathizers gathering but, we don’t know where they are so we can’t join them. Even if there is such force, you’re Celes’s big brother."<br/>
The neighboring countries were aiming at Bahnseim’s weakening. They were also considering observing silently until the country was exhausted.<br/>
And then, even if someone made an organization to oppose Celes, my background would become a problem if I tried to join them.<br/>
"Next, you can join some kind of force and guide it to defeat Celes. But, the prospect for this is also low. Even if you can enter the service of a country somewhere, it will take too much time."<br/>
Entering a government’s service, accumulating achievements, and getting promoted──it would take too much time doing that. I couldn’t even imagine how the situation would have become by the time I grasped authority.<br/>
"The third method is to search for a hero. You’ll help the person who you thought fit the bill in this."<br/>
Hero──would such person exist?<br/>
If there was a hero who could fight Celes, then I too would want to support him with everything I had.<br/>
But, the Sixth denied everything.<br/>
"These three methods all have problems. That’s why I’ll suggest one more method. Lyle──take a stand."<br/>
I thought carefully of the meaning of the Sixth’s words.<br/>
He meant that I should declare my intention to defeat Celes and build up a force.<br/>
The Fifth was laughing while I was pondering.<br/>
"What’s wrong, did you get cold feet?"<br/>
「I don’t feel hesitation about defeating Celes. But, whether I can do it or not」<br/>
"There’s no choice but to do it. That’s the path that you chose."<br/>
While I stayed silent, the Third clapped his hands and gathered everyone’s attention.<br/>
"This will also depend on the situation. The decision can only be really made after we gather information. But Lyle, you should think hard about how you will fight beforehand."<br/>
「──Yes.」<br/>
The Fourth talked about our actions for the meantime.<br/>
"You will work as an adventurer for a while and gather information and funds. It’ll be great if there’s a country that considers Celes as dangerous, and if there is a hero then you can also ask for his help."<br/>
The Sixth folded his arms while,<br/>
"However, you can’t keep being an adventurer forever."<br/>
The Fifth also agreed.<br/>
"True."<br/>
I tilted my head in puzzlement. Then the Seventh taught me.<br/>
"Lyle, humans will pay undue attention to titles. For them adventurer is the same as a thug. But, if you obtain a proper title, then people will also trust you more."<br/>
The Third continued the explanation.<br/>
"Rather than that person personally, his title will be more important. There is many such cases. This matter will also depend on the situation from here on, but let’s do everything we can during that time."<br/>
There were a lot of things we wanted to do.<br/>
"Gathering information and funds is indispensable, but let’s also gather comrades. Their quality will be important but, quantity is also important."<br/>
"When it comes to doing war, trying to work as a mercenary also won’t be a bad choice."<br/>
"I don’t want to recommend this but, we can also ask for May’s help. There will be a lot of people drawing close to Lyle who is accompanied by a qilin."<br/>
"Use everything that can be used. But even then it’s still too lacking to fight Celes. Lyle, have more self-awareness."<br/>
"──Even if it’s an act that can make you get cursed as villain, if it’s necessary then you have to pull it off. You need to resolve yourself for that."<br/>
I nodded to the five’s words, then the Third showed me a smile.<br/>
"Let’s do what we can. Let’s see, how about making Lyle accumulate experience to begin with? After all, fighting a strong person will become a precious experience."<br/>
「A strong person?」<br/>
"There is one here right? Besides inside this Jewel, you will be healed right away even if you’re injured. It’ll be impossible to train your body here but, you can accumulate experience."<br/>
The Fourth nodded.<br/>
"You’re right. Then in this place, the strongest one among us five is──"<br/>
"I’ll become Lyle’s opponent."<br/>
"I guess it’ll be me."<br/>
"Me I guess."<br/>
"I’ll take him on."<br/>
"Of course it’s me."<br/>
──The five of them declared that it was none other than they themselves who were the strongest. Silence filled the room for a while.<br/>
What’s this?<br/>
Did the five of them think that they themselves were the strongest among everyone here?<br/>
Then,<br/>
"No, it can only be me! Even though I look like this, I have abundant experience in real battle!"<br/>
"I’m highly evaluated for my management of domestic affairs but, I’ve never said even once that I cannot fight. I simply didn’t have the chance."<br/>
"How many enemies do you all think I’ve crushed? Whether you consider it from our personal capability or the experiences from battles we had treaded on, mine is on different level."<br/>
"You had only gone through defensive battles Fifth. On the other hand, I’m the family head who had expanded our territory the most than anyone. The number of enemies I have taken down is also the highest than anyone here."<br/>
"Stop with the big talk of an old man who is behind the times. Sixth, the era has changed. The strongest of the Walt House is none other than me."<br/>
The five glared at each other and began to quarrel.<br/>
"It’s me!"<br/>
"Third died in battle at the end isn’t it!"<br/>
The Third and the Fourth began to grapple with each other, while the Fifth and the Sixth were punching each other at the other side.<br/>
"You kept losing against me!"<br/>
"Shut up! I wouldn’t lose if I was in my heyday! Besides, unarmed martial art is powerless in front of a weapon!"<br/>
The Seventh was exasperated.<br/>
"It’s already no good by the point you rely on antiquated weapons. This is the era of guns. Lyle, you should learn how to use a gun. I’ll teach you."<br/>
The other four looked at the Seventh,<br/>
"Are guns usable?"<br/>
"The price of a single bullet is too expensive, so I think it’s useless financially."<br/>
"Seeing how it still hasn’t become popular, it’s a failure isn’t it?"<br/>
"You always rely on convenient tools too quickly like that. That’s your bad habit."<br/>
Blood veins popped out on the forehead of the Seventh who was criticized by the other four.<br/>
"You guys──I’ll fill your body with holes!"<br/>
Everyone took out their weapons inside the room of the round table and glared at each other.<br/>
Was it really that important to decide who was the strongest?<br/>
In the first place, if I wanted to accumulate experience, then it would be better to fight various opponents.<br/>
In that case the answer was──<br/>
「Ah, then it’ll be fine if I just defeat everyone here!」<br/>
When I said that, everyone’s movement froze.<br/>
The five turned their faces towards me.<br/>
<br/>
"Hey, what do you think he means by that?"<br/>
"Perhaps he is underestimating us?"<br/>
"Everyone else will look like small fries when compared to Celes. But, hearing those words said so lightheartedly is also irritating."<br/>
"Lyle, you underestimated us."<br/>
"Ojii-chan is sad, Lyle. That’s why, I’ll teach you."<br/>
The five of them approached me.<br/>
「Eh? Did I say something wrong? Because, rather than fighting one person, fighting five people will yield more experience right?」<br/>
The Fourth and the Sixth grabbed both my arms and they lifted me up.<br/>
"You aren’t wrong but, there is this thing called the way of talking in this world."<br/>
"Lyle, your thinking is a bit naïve."<br/>
「No, but it’s just like I said isn’t it!?」<br/>
When I tried to struggle, the Fifth and the Seventh grabbed my legs and lifted them up.<br/>
"Just as you asked, let’s have you fight all of us."<br/>
"Indeed, let’s have Lyle decide who of us is the strongest."<br/>
The Third floated a dark smile and looked at me.<br/>
"We can fight it out among us but, let’s take this opportunity to have Lyle accumulate experience too. That way is better. That’s why Lyle, you will fight us five. We’ll ask you later who is the strongest."<br/>
「Wait! Why are you all angry!?」<br/>
I was dragged into the memory room just like that by the five of them.<br/>
「Someone help!」<br/>
But, the Sixth spoke while smiling.<br/>
"There won’t be any help coming! ──Lyle, we’ll make you pile up a lot of experience. We’ll show you our full power. After all, you’ll immediately come back to life even if you die here!"<br/>
「Why so suddenly! Ah, wait──」<br/>
I was tossed into the memory room.<br/>
At that moment──*click* it felt like I heard such metallic sound inside the room of the round table.<br/>
But, I had no leeway to mind about that.<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
