<br/>
Chapter 105 – Zayin’s Saintess<br/>
.<br/>
──Two people wearing brown robes were running through an unfamiliar forest.<br/>
One of them was a male of advanced age.<br/>
「Please hurry, saintess-sama.」<br/>
The man’s name was Gastone Bonini(ガストーネ・ボニーニ).<br/>
He had a thin body and a slightly bent back, as well as a wrinkled face with a hook nose.<br/>
He was in his early sixties.  He didn’t look it at all right now, but this man was a high priest in the Zayin Theocracy.<br/>
He had unkempt white hair and a white moustache. He tried to let the woman escape with a cane in his hand.<br/>
He looked like a bad guy from a glance, but he was incredibly considerate to the woman.<br/>
The woman stumbling inside the forest with a gasping breath was Thelma Zayin(セルマ・ザイン) ──the saint who was the leader of Zayin.<br/>
She had long blonde hair that was tied into a large braid behind her and aqua colored eyes.<br/>
She was thirty years old.<br/>
She was the woman who had reigned over Zayin for many years.<br/>
Thelma had led Zayin as the saintess for nearly fifteen years, ever since she turned 15, but right now she was in the position of being pursued.<br/>
「Gastone, let’s end this already.」<br/>
The exhausted Thelma fell down on the spot and sat on the ground. She spoke with a feeling of grim resolve.<br/>
「W-what are you saying! Are you alright letting Armand(アルマン) doing as he pleases like this!?」<br/>
Armand was the commander of Zayin’s knight order.<br/>
He also held the post as the general in charge of leading the military.<br/>
He was Thelma’s political opponent.<br/>
「There is nothing that we can do anymore. The two of the us are the only survivors now!」<br/>
Thelma broke down crying.<br/>
Gastone also looked down.<br/>
「Saintess-sama, are you alright with that? Don’t you feel any regret that our fifteen years will end like this?」<br/>
Thelma laughed while crying.<br/>
「Our current situation is the result of that! If I know it will end like this then I──no, I said too much. But you know, in the end, that country won’t change. It cannot be changed by us.」<br/>
Thelma had given up completely. Even so, Gastone tried to persuade her somehow.<br/>
「Saintess-sama, please stand up. You mustn’t die in this kind of place.」<br/>
「I’m not the saintess anymore.」<br/>
When Gastone tried to make Thelma stand up somehow──the nearby big tree shook.<br/>
When Gastone looked over there, there were monsters on the tree’s huge branches.<br/>
「They caught up already.」<br/>
Gastone was losing his calm, but he stood in front of Thelma to protect her.<br/>
Gastone raised his wooden cane and looked at the monsters looking down on them from the big branches.<br/>
Their appearance was different from normal monsters.<br/>
Their skin was black.<br/>
If that was all then perhaps one would simply think that they might be a subspecies, but their number was high.<br/>
The monsters that were pursuing them were armed goblins.<br/>
The weapons in their hands were all new things.<br/>
The armors they were wearing were also uniform.<br/>
And what stood out above all else were the collars that all the monsters were wearing.<br/>
In addition, there weren’t just goblins here. There were even huge orcs heading this way.<br/>
The orcs were also wearing similar collars and their skin was also black.<br/>
Their red eyes looked at Gastone and Thelma.  Then, they raised their huge weapons.<br/>
Thelma didn’t move. She didn’t even try to struggle.<br/>
Gastone muttered.<br/>
「O goddess. Please protect us.」<br/>
The tip of the cane emitted light. The magic activated and thorns appeared one after another from the ground to attack the orcs.<br/>
The orcs swept them away with the weapons in their hands before placing their weapons on their shoulders as if nothing had happened.<br/>
Gastone gritted his teeth.<br/>
(What in the world are these monsters? The fact that they’re wearing similar armor and collars is bothering me.  Besides, it’s also strange how focused they are at chasing us.)<br/>
It was these monsters who were pursuing the two of them.<br/>
They escaped from Zayin through another country and entered Beim’s territory, but their pursuers were able to catch up to them here.<br/>
Gastone’s comrades were also killed by these monsters.<br/>
「Saintess-sama, stand up! Please run away from here, hurry!」<br/>
Thelma only looked down with her hands joined as though in a prayer, but she didn’t react to Gastone.<br/>
「Kuh! So this is it」<br/>
Gastone didn’t choose to run away by himself. He resolved himself to protect Thelma until the end.<br/>
The monsters gathered and surrounded them so they couldn’t escape.<br/>
They were coordinating well with each other.<br/>
When Gastone tried to launch his magic, an arrow pierced his cane and it was thrown away from his hand.<br/>
He could see bow-wielding goblins aiming at them.<br/>
「DAMN YOUUUUU!」<br/>
An orc raised its weapon. Just when he thought that this was the end for them, a young man fell down from right above the orc.<br/>
His hand was holding a saber. The young man landed on the ground, and at the same time the black orc had been bisected from top to bottom.<br/>
A dark red blood spurted out as its body fell to either side.<br/>
Gastone’s eyes turned as wide as saucers.<br/>
The monsters immediately moved.<br/>
The goblins who were aiming from the bigger branches with their bows fired their arrows at the young man.<br/>
The young man walked forward while dodging those arrows.<br/>
He looked calm, as though he had already known where the arrows were coming from right from the start.<br/>
(Who in the world?)<br/>
This time it was the archer goblins who fell to the ground one after another.<br/>
When he looked up, a girl carrying a battle axe was bisecting the goblins one after another.<br/>
She was jumping around from branch to branch very agilely.<br/>
The monsters were also panicking from the sudden attack, but even so they moved to attack Gastone and Thelma in order to accomplish their objective.<br/>
Then the blue haired young man cut down the approaching monsters with his saber one by one.<br/>
He looked like a master swordsman with his smooth flowing movement.<br/>
The monsters surrounded the young man and attacked him from behind.<br/>
「W-watch out!」<br/>
Gastone reflexively yelled. The young man turned around and cut the monster in a single motion.<br/>
His movement was as though he had been aware from the start.<br/>
Gastone could only feel shocked by how strong this young man was.<br/>
And then, another girl also jumped down from the sky.<br/>
The girl with light brown hair was holding a silver staff in her hands.<br/>
(Who’s this person?)<br/>
Gastone was shocked by the atmosphere of that girl.<br/>
His heart wasn’t moved at all, even though this girl was definitely a beauty.<br/>
That girl was asking them in concern.<br/>
「Are you two alright?」<br/>
「Y-yeah. Thank you very much for saving us.」<br/>
「Save your thanks for later. First, let’s run away from here.」<br/>
「H-however.」<br/>
Gastone looked toward the two who were fighting.<br/>
The blue haired young man and the black haired girl were facing the monsters who were appearing one after another from deeper into the forest.<br/>
「How about those two?」<br/>
「They will be fine. Come, quickly.」<br/>
The girl helped Thelma stand up and the three of them left this place.<br/>
.<br/>
Novem led away the two who were attacked by monsters.<br/>
I saw them off before standing back to back with Sophia, who had leapt down from a tree branch.<br/>
The monsters surrounding us were wearing uniform armor.<br/>
「These guys, what in the world are they? It doesn’t feel like I’m facing monsters.」<br/>
I also agreed with Sophia’s frank impression.<br/>
The blade of my saber was sticky with liquid that I couldn’t distinguish whether it was blood or oil.<br/>
Besides, the smell also felt more like oil rather than blood.<br/>
「I also don’t know. But more importantly, can you still continue?」<br/>
Sophia’s breathing was rough.<br/>
She was tired from using Arts up until we arrived here.<br/>
「S-somehow.」<br/>
She acted like she was fine even though she was tired.<br/>
But, her movement was dulling.<br/>
The Third’s serious voice came from the Jewel.<br/>
That was just how dangerous he was judging the situation was.<br/>
"Are these guys really monsters? It’s already rare for monsters to work together this well. In addition, I’m also curious about their brand new weapons and uniform armor."<br/>
Most of them were wearing similar──no, exactly the same equipment.<br/>
It all looked new to me.<br/>
I thought that they might be a subspecies at first but, that was also strange.<br/>
They weren’t as strong as a subspecies, even for a goblin or orc.<br/>
But they were stronger than normal goblins and orc.<br/>
It was also troublesome how complete their equipment was and how well they worked together.<br/>
The goblins attacked while we were observing their movement.<br/>
「Sophia!」<br/>
「Leave it to me!」<br/>
We fought while protecting each other’s back.<br/>
I stabbed a goblin that came slashing at me, and then I used it as shield against another goblin.<br/>
The body received the goblin’s attack that was merciless even against its own comrade. I pulled out my saber and aimed at the gap of the armor to stab at the second goblin.<br/>
My saber stabbed the vital spot of the goblin. It was when I defeated the second goblin that Sophia collapsed towards me.<br/>
Her robe had a large cut on it. The armor behind it became visible.<br/>
Her armor had a gash on it.<br/>
Sophia immediately stood up.<br/>
「I-I’m sorry. I let my guard down.」<br/>
She was attacked by two monsters simultaneously and was unable to defend well.<br/>
However, she defeated the two goblins properly.<br/>
The Fifth was worried for Sophia.<br/>
"This isn’t good. Sophia isn’t weak, but the enemies are too troublesome. These things, they’re more like soldiers rather than monsters, aren’t they?"<br/>
I recalled the soldiers of Walt House that I fought in the royal capital of Bahnseim Kingdom before.<br/>
These monsters weren’t as strong as them, but even so it was a threat when monsters were this well-equipped and worked together with each other properly.<br/>
I immediately made my decision.<br/>
「Sophia. Novem and those people have gotten away from here. We’re retreating for the moment as well.」<br/>
I talked with a small voice. Sophia nodded.<br/>
She whipped her tired body and used her Arts.<br/>
The weight of Sophia and my body became extremely light.<br/>
"Lyle, hurry!"<br/>
The Fifth raised his voice. Goblins and orcs were closing their distance around us.<br/>
The large weapons that the orcs held, the maces and greatswords, were about to be swung down at us. I immediately carried Sophia in my arms and jumped up to escape.<br/>
Weapons were swung down at the spot where we were at. I watched that from above while reaching out to a large tree branch and grabbed it.<br/>
「Oo~, we just barely made it. But, we were right to defeat the archer goblins first. It was thanks to Sophia.」<br/>
Sophia’s face reddened and she hurriedly separated herself from me.<br/>
「T-that was, because of Lyle-dono’s instruction.」<br/>
It wasn’t me but the ancestors who instructed to first defeat the goblins that could attack at range.<br/>
Thanks to that it looked like we would be able to escape somehow.<br/>
I placed my hand around Sophia’s waist and pulled her closer.<br/>
「Wha, w-w-w-what are you doing!?」<br/>
I felt apologetic to Sophia who was blushing, but first we had to escape from here.<br/>
「You’ll bite your tongue if you speak.」<br/>
I jumped from the branch toward another large tree branch.<br/>
I was going to lure the monsters away from Novem and the others like this──that was my plan.<br/>
「If I can lure those monsters like this──wait!」<br/>
I immediately stopped and turned around toward the monsters.<br/>
I saw the monsters going to chase Novem and those two people rather than us.<br/>
Sophia was also surprised.<br/>
「They’re heading in the direction of Novem-san and those two, aren’t they? W-why aren’t they chasing us but heading over there instead?」<br/>
They were intelligent for monsters.<br/>
It made me suspect whether there was a more fiendish monster that was commanding them.<br/>
But, I didn’t sense any presence of such a monster.<br/>
「This is the worst. It’s no good unless we hold them back here.」<br/>
I clutched my Jewel to transform it into the silver bow but──I stopped.<br/>
The Jewel was still unstable.<br/>
Even if I was going to use it, I had to be more careful. If not, it would be dangerous.<br/>
Sophia looked at me and tilted her head.<br/>
「E-err. Isn’t Lyle-dono going to use the silver bow?」<br/>
「 ─It’s difficult to adjust its power. It’ll only be harmful if I’m not careful.」<br/>
In the first place, we were dispatched here because of a quest from the guild.<br/>
We would be held responsible if we caused some kind of problem.<br/>
Life lost couldn’t be replaced, but even so I didn’t want to cause any problems if at all possible.<br/>
Then Sophia looked like she had an idea.<br/>
「Then, what about that silver greatsword? I think that weapon will be able to blow away those monsters all in one go.」<br/>
It had the power to defeat this group of monsters with one swing, but the silver greatsword was mighty. Too mighty.<br/>
And then it would suck my mana up completely.<br/>
「I can only use it once, so no. The timing to use it is too difficult.」<br/>
Sophia’s shoulders slumped and she casted her gaze down.<br/>
「──I’m sorry. As I thought, I’m really useless.」<br/>
「Eh?」<br/>
「I know even without anyone telling me. I’m not strong like Aria, and I’m not smart or skillful like Miranda-san.」<br/>
I was panicking seeing Sophia feeling depressed. Here the Fourth graded me for the first time after so long.<br/>
"Lyle, you only got thirty points when you couldn’t give her reassurance immediately. Well, it can’t be helped for Sophia to feel inferior, though."<br/>
Is that so? I thought that Sophia had done well though.<br/>
The Sixth evaluated Sophia scathingly.<br/>
"Certainly she is quite strong, but she isn’t as strong as Aria. Her Arts are convenient, but she herself is still unable to use it well. Besides, it’s certainly unfavorable for her when she’s being compared to the others in your party."<br/>
The Third was going "Yep, yep!" at that. It made me irritated.<br/>
The ancestors were listing up Sophia’s bad points one after another.<br/>
"She feels plain, doesn’t she? She’s always wearing that robe that covers her bottom."<br/>
"She also isn’t slender. Not that stimulating."<br/>
"Her breasts are too big.  They make her body style a bit unbalanced."<br/>
"It’s no good if they’re only big.  The shape is also important, the shape!"<br/>
"Her hair and robe hiding her nape is also a minus."<br/>
These guys, they were saying whatever they liked.<br/>
I got irritated by the ancestors’ attitude. It made me want to complain, just which part of Sophia were they looking at?!<br/>
In the first place, they were going too far with their words.<br/>
I grabbed Sophia’s shoulders.<br/>
「Sophia!」<br/>
Sophia opened her eyes wide in surprise because of my sudden shout.<br/>
「Y-yes!」<br/>
「Have I ever said that Sophia is useless?」<br/>
「L-Lyle-dono never said it, but…」<br/>
Sophia averted her gaze from me. I talked honestly to her.<br/>
Certainly there were some aspects of Sophia that compared unfavorably with the others.<br/>
But, Sophia also had good points in her.<br/>
「Aria and Miranda are certainly amazing. Sophia loses against them in some respects.」<br/>
「I-I know that.」<br/>
「But! But──even you, Sophia, have amazing aspects in you. When I saw you swinging your battle axe around, it overwhelmed me, and more than anything else I felt how reliable you are.」<br/>
Sophia kept her gaze averted from me and started worrying 「I-I see. I’m overwhelming and reliable──s-should I feel happy about it?」<br/>
Why was she looking troubled like that?<br/>
「Your Arts are also amazingly convenient. Depending on how you use them, there’s so many things you can use them for, just like today!」<br/>
「──I’m sorry that the way I use them is no good.」<br/>
Her thoughts went in a negative direction no matter how I tried to persuade her.<br/>
Kuh! W-what should I do now.<br/>
Certainly Sophia also had a bad side in her.<br/>
Like how she became slovenly after Growth──no, she was still better than me. I even envied her.<br/>
But, she wasn’t useless by any means.<br/>
「I! I never thought of you as useless. I was really happy when you said that you’ll come together with me. Besides, I have been helped by Sophia many times! If there’s anyone who says that Sophia is useless, I won’t forgive them even if it’s Sophia herself who said that. ──I need you.」<br/>
「Lyle-dono」<br/>
Sophia’s face blushed.<br/>
The ancestors’ voices made fun of me from the Jewel.<br/>
"Come on, praise her more."<br/>
"The problem is because Lyle has never made it clear with words."<br/>
"What are you going to do if you continue being unable talk this much unless we provoke you first?"<br/>
"Lyle’s way of treating woman is hopeless, huh."<br/>
"──Well, let’s just ignore the Sixth. Lyle, be more attentive all the time. Also, you already have the way to get through this situation."<br/>
Could it be, the ancestors were making fun of me?<br/>
I abruptly became really embarrassed.<br/>
And then the Third said to the blushing me.<br/>
"Yes, yes. Enough feeling embarrassed already. If you don’t hurry, Novem-chan and those people will be in a bit of a pinch. Let’s defeat those black monsters quickly."<br/>
But, even if I was told to defeat them, how would I do it?<br/>
I could use the silver bow but, in the worst case──I might end up burning the forest.<br/>
I wanted to avoid that no matter what. It was difficult for me to control it right now.<br/>
The Third was starting to get irritated at me, who couldn’t arrive at the answer.<br/>
"Why don’t you get it? Look, you just need to kiss. Use "Connection"."<br/>
Connection──that was my Arts.<br/>
It materialized as the second stage of my Arts. It was a very peculiar Arts.<br/>
It was like a completely different thing from the first stage.<br/>
The first stage was Experience──an Arts that sped up my growth, while Connection was an Arts that connected me to other people.<br/>
When I was connected to the other person, I could easily exchange thoughts with them.<br/>
Not only that, we could even share each other’s sight and my Arts.<br/>
I gulped.<br/>
The Third ignored me who was like that.<br/>
"Do Connection with Sophia-chan. It’s amazing to be able to share sights and Arts with each other you know? Well, the Arts that can be shared are only Lyle’s Arts though."<br/>
Sophia looked slightly troubled seeing me hesitating.<br/>
「Lyle-dono, what’s the matter?」<br/>
But, it was no good if I kept hesitating like this.<br/>
Novem and those people were in danger.<br/>
That was why, I stared straight into Sophia’s eyes.<br/>
「Sophia, kiss me──buh!」<br/>
Sophia’s expression immediately turned serious and she slapped me right away.<br/>
I could hear chuckling voices from the Jewel. They were really hateful.<br/>
「Lyle-dono, please think of the situation.」<br/>
That was a correct opinion.<br/>
But, I wished she would listen to me until I finished.<br/>
「Y-you’re wrong! It’s my Arts you know. Arts!」<br/>
「Lyle-dono’s Arts? Could it be, you mean Connection!?」<br/>
Sophia went bright red until her ears. She became all shaken up with her mouth opening and closing.<br/>
「That’s right. It doesn’t just allow us to communicate telepathically, you’ll also become able to use my Arts.」<br/>
「T-that’s amazing! B-but, a kiss is──that’s──」<br/>
Sophia got embarrassed.<br/>
The Fifth got irritated there and complained inside the Jewel.<br/>
"Is this the time to get embarrassed like that? Are you planning to watch Novem and those two get killed without doing anything? ──If you let her die now, it’ll feel unpleasant with so many mysteries about her still remaining."<br/>
He was referring to Novem and Celes’s dealings at the royal capital before this.<br/>
Was Novem really my companion?<br/>
Even the ancestors couldn’t make the right decision.<br/>
No, I believed she was my companion, but I also felt that it was suspicious.<br/>
That was why the ancestors’ feelings toward Novem became complicated.<br/>
I heard a sigh.<br/>
It was the Fourth.<br/>
"The Fifth is also hopeless. Listen to me, Lyle. There are a lot of women who take the matter of kissing seriously. You should take Sophia’s feeling into account too."<br/>
Then, what should I do?<br/>
This was too difficult for me. I didn’t really get it.<br/>
The Sixth made a forced cough before speaking to the puzzled me.<br/>
"Listen, Lyle──this is preparation for using Arts. It’s not a kiss."<br/>
What was he saying?<br/>
<br/>
The Sixth sensed my exasperation and continued talking ."Well, listen"<br/>
"Kisses are something important for women. That’s exactly why, if you bluntly say things like It can’t be helped here, or this too is for Novem and those people’s sake, Sophia will turn cold towards you."<br/>
Certainly, it wouldn’t be amusing for Sophia.<br/>
That was why the Sixth told me to insist to Sophia, This isn’t a kiss. It’s not counted!<br/>
"And then. This here is the important point──"<br/>
I followed the Sixth’s advice.<br/>
Why, you asked?<br/>
Because the other ancestors were completely powerless when it came to this kind of thing.<br/>
.<br/>
──Sophia felt awkward because Lyle fell silent.<br/>
(Was I wrong to refuse to kiss in this emergency?)<br/>
Sophia switched her thinking when she thought that she had troubled Lyle with her selfishness.<br/>
(There should be nothing wrong with Lyle-dono’s decision. That’s right. Just one or two kisses──but, if possible I want to save my first kiss until the important timeeeee!)<br/>
Sophia’s maiden heart was crying.<br/>
However, the situation didn’t allow her to complain.<br/>
「Lyle-dono!」<br/>
When Sophia called out to suggest kissing from her own initiative, Lyle also lifted his face.<br/>
「Sophia, this is a ceremony.」<br/>
「Heh?」<br/>
Lyle explained to Sophia with a serious expression.<br/>
「I also understand why Sophia can’t accept it. But, this is a ceremony to bring us an advantage in battle──it’s not a kiss. It’s not counted as a kiss between man and woman.」<br/>
Was that the case? Sophia thought that for an instant, but she immediately shook her head.<br/>
「No, there’s no way that’s the case. A kiss is still a kiss!」<br/>
「It’s a ceremony! Besides──I, I want, to choose a more romantic time when kissing you. That’s why, this time isn’t counted. If you don’t agree then I’ll be──troubled.」<br/>
Lyle was giving a different atmosphere from usual. He continued just like that as though to overwhelm her.<br/>
「I don’t want to kiss you just because we’re in an emergency. Even I want to kiss Sophia properly at the right time. That’s why, I want you to not count it as a kiss this time. Please grant this request for my sake!」<br/>
Lyle was earnestly requesting her, so Sophia too could accept it.<br/>
「I-is that so. I understand. I won’t count it as a kiss this time.」<br/>
Her cheeks turned hot from the middle and she became unable to understand what she was saying.<br/>
(L-Lyle-dono wants to kiss me. What’s more, he wants it to be a more proper place──t-that’s why, it’s not counted this time. Yes! Lyle-dono is requesting me like this, it can’t be helped!)<br/>
Her resistance toward kissing was weakening without her noticing.<br/>
Lyle brought his face closer to Sophia, and then he whispered.<br/>
「This time it’s not counted as a kiss. But──it still make me a bit happy.」<br/>
Sophia’s head became so hot it felt like her brain was boiling up. Her heartbeat was pounding hard from happiness.<br/>
「M-me──too」<br/>
The two of them kissed on top of a large branch, and then their tongues entangled with each other──.<br/>
.<br/>
──Inside the Jewel.<br/>
The ancestors weren’t looking outside at the kissing scene to be tactful to Lyle.<br/>
But, they could sense the Connection succeeding.<br/>
"See that!? This is my true powerrrr!"<br/>
And then the Sixth stood up from his chair and raised both arms in the air proudly. The surrounding watched him with chilly gazes.<br/>
The Third seemed to be doubtful.<br/>
"Sophia-chan already planned to accept from the start, didn’t she? I wonder if this is really because of the Sixth’s help."<br/>
The Fourth’s gaze toward the Sixth was colder than everyone else.<br/>
"Looks like there are many women who can be cajoled with smooth talk of this level. What was with the speech just now? It sounded so fake that I got chills."<br/>
The Fifth’s gaze toward the Sixth looked somewhat sad.<br/>
"Do you guys understand the feelings of a parent watching his son looking so proud after tricking such a naïve girl?"<br/>
It seemed he was feeling guilty from tricking a naïve girl like Sophia.<br/>
The Seventh was also the same.<br/>
"Won’t Sophia accept it if Lyle just asked her earnestly? This isn’t the Sixth’s achievement."<br/>
The Sixth was showered by criticism from everyone, but he folded his arms and turned his gaze to everyone──and snorted.<br/>
Everyone’s cold gazes turned hot──filled with anger.<br/>
"You guys don’t understand at all. True, that Sophia will obey if Lyle asked her. But, would she really accept it from deep within her heart? How would Sophia feel when she saw Lyle doing his best for Novem’s sake and asking to kiss her for that?"<br/>
The Third and the Fourth looked at each other.<br/>
"Eh? She was still tricked, so it doesn’t change the fact that it’s still a horrible thing ,doesn’t it?"<br/>
"There’s no doubt that what he did is the worst."<br/>
The Sixth swung his fist on the table.<br/>
"Stop complaining! In the first place, it’s horrible of you guys to call that tricking her. The ends justifies the means. Besides, the problem will be resolved if Lyle kisses Sophia again later. There won’t be any problem if things work out peacefully with that. Rather, it’s those who aren’t considering Sophia’s feeling who are the horrible people here, aren’t they?!"<br/>
The Fifth watched the Sixth’s argument and asked one thing that was in his mind.<br/>
"But you didn’t think of Lyle’s feelings, did you?"<br/>
The Sixth averted his gaze.<br/>
"He was able to kiss a cute girl. Lyle is really a blessed man. In the first place, he doesn’t dislike her right? Then there’s no problem. Lyle too should use this chance to learn more about womanizing. Yosh, let’s tell him to go to the brothel when we return!"<br/>
This guy is the worst, everyone’s opinion other than the Sixth was united──.<br/>
.<br/>
──Novem and the others were taking a break at a place some distance away from the black monsters.<br/>
Gastone and Thelma who had been running continuously within an unfamiliar forest couldn’t even stand any longer.<br/>
Their stamina and willpower were also already at their limit from being pursued this whole time.<br/>
Novem wanted to escape in a hurry, but they would only get caught up if she forcefully made these two run.<br/>
And so she made them rest for a bit──she also wanted to ask their story.<br/>
Novem turned a sharp gaze toward Gastone.<br/>
「You mentioned that your name is Gastone-san, isn’t it?」<br/>
「I-indeed. Thank you──f-for──rescuing us──」<br/>
Gastone was gasping for air. Novem asked him the important question.<br/>
「Please tell me one thing. ──What are those black monsters? Why are "those things" chasing after the two of you?」<br/>
Novem was thinking about the black monsters.<br/>
(Where in the world did they create those things?)<br/>
Gastone shook his head.<br/>
「I-I don’t know. We left the country and pursuers were sent after us──those monsters were chasing after us from about midway.」<br/>
Novem had heard their conversation before they were rescued.<br/>
This woman was Zayin’s saintess──in other words, the possibility was high that the pursuers were related to Zayin.<br/>
(Did Zayin create them? But, their national power should be insufficient for that. If there is a country that can prepare more budget and equipment──)<br/>
Novem knew about those black monsters.<br/>
But, she thought that they shouldn’t exist.<br/>
Because of that, she showed an over-reaction when she caught sight of them today.<br/>
The reason she accompanied Lyle and Sophia was also because of that.<br/>
「Do you two know anything? I don’t mind no matter how trivial the information is.」<br/>
「E-even if you ask us that──」<br/>
It seemed Gastone really didn’t know anything.<br/>
But, Thelma whose breathing was gradually calming down raised her face and answered Novem’s question.<br/>
「──I-I’ve heard a rumor before.」<br/>
「Rumor?」<br/>
「A rumor that there is a way to enslave monsters. I thought that such a thing is impossible, but when I saw those monsters chasing after us so persistently, perhaps that rumor is true.」<br/>
「Who did you hear it from?」<br/>
「I heard it from a knight when I was still in my country. It seems that knight heard that rumor from a merchant.」<br/>
Gastone seemed to recall it too.<br/>
「N-now that you mention it, I think I also heard about it ten years ago. But, something like that is impossible. Until now there has been many ideas thought up to enslave monsters, but all of them ended in failure.」<br/>
Novem reached a single possibility.<br/>
(Merchant──I see.)<br/>
There was one place around here that could prepare abundant budget, equipment, and also manpower.<br/>
Novem turned her gaze toward Beim.<br/>
(They’re repeating the same thing once more. ──They really are beyond saving.)<br/>
Gastone and Thelma didn’t even have the composure to pay any mind to Novem. They sat down to catch their breath and rest their body.<br/>
Novem held her staff and took a position to protect Gastone and Thelma.<br/>
Thelma asked her with a puzzled look.<br/>
「What’s the matter?」<br/>
Novem only replied briefly.<br/>
「They caught up.」<br/>
Black skinned goblins rushed out from the bushes inside the forest.<br/>
Novem deflected the attacks of all the monsters attacking her with her staff.<br/>
Gastone was surprised seeing that.<br/>
「You’re very skilled for a magician.」<br/>
Both Gastone and Thelma were impressed seeing Novem easily deflecting the enemies’ attacks.<br/>
However, the situation wasn’t really good.<br/>
Novem was thinking about unleashing magic when Lyle and Sophia arrived at that timing.<br/>
The two of them leaped in front of Novem and the others and slashed apart the monsters.<br/>
Lyle and Sophia were showing a level of teamwork as though they had fought together for many years.<br/>
「Sophia!」<br/>
「Yes!」<br/>
Lyle crouched down right when Sophia, standing behind him, threw her battle axe.<br/>
Sophia’s battle axe passed through within a hair’s breadth above Lyle’s head. It rotated as it chased the monsters down, bisecting them one after the other.<br/>
Novem looked up.<br/>
A goblin was jumping down to attack Sophia.<br/>
「Oh no. Sophia-sa──」<br/>
The one who moved before she could finish calling out was Lyle.<br/>
Sophia joined her hands together for Lyle to put his feet on them, and threw him up<br/>
Lyle slashed the goblin about to attack with his saber.  Sophia’s battle axe was heading towards Lyle in midair, so Novem who noticed the danger raised her voice.<br/>
「Lyl──」<br/>
But, Lyle caught the battle axe without even looking and threw it immediately back to Sophia.<br/>
And he threw it strongly too. If he made a mistake, it would injure Sophia seriously.<br/>
But, Sophia caught it with her right hand without even looking and slashed the attacking monsters powerfully.<br/>
Gastone opened his mouth in surprise.<br/>
「Wh-what an amazing way of fighting.」<br/>
It was like they were one in body and soul──their movement was in complete synchronization.<br/>
Seeing their movements, Novem’s heart ached slightly──.<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
