[Landing: Isekai Tensei Soudouki c172-173](https://bakapervert.wordpress.com/2021/01/22/orc-harem-v4-finished-soudouki-v15ch1-20-finished/)
<br/><br/>
Orc Harem Vol 4 Chapter 19 (1522 words) wordpress<br/>
Orc Harem Vol 4 Chapter 20 (2858 words) wordpress<br/>
Orc Harem Vol 4 Chapter 21 (1601 words) wordpress<br/>
Orc Harem Vol 4 Epilogue (2570 words) wordpress<br/>
Soudouki Chapter 172 (1674 words) wordpress<br/>
Soudouki Chapter 173 (2073 words) wordpress<br/>
I’m finished with Orc Harem for now. Currently I’m continuing Soudouki. Vol 15 hasn’t come out, so I’m translating the web novel chapters right from the ending of vol 14<br/>
 
<br/>
[Article: Isekai Tensei Soudouki c172-173](https://bakapervert.wordpress.com/orc-harem-vol-4-chapter-19/)
<br/><br/>
Chapter 19: I Thought ‘I Can Take On the Last Boss Battle!’, But It Was Really Dangerous Instead<br/>
.<br/>
That nightmare contained every kind of race.<br/>
Its neck split into six branches. Each of its face looked like dog, with horn growing and packed full with scales.<br/>
And then it also had countless arms and legs and wings with abundant variation.<br/>
That was the form it was reduced into after continuously taking in every kind of race. It was like a clay craft that was done badly.<br/>
Such appearance didn’t have any balance or anything. Surely all those features couldn’t accomplish their original function.<br/>
Just like how it was impossible to fly just by sticking wings on your back.<br/>
No matter how tough its claws or how powerful its arms were, with that length and positioning they wouldn’t be able to reach the enemy.<br/>
Mana was raging chaotically inside its body.<br/>
Earth – fire – wind –water, it had absorbed races that could control each kind of spirit, but it couldn’t gain any harmony and not only the elements cancelled each other, they were harming itself.<br/>
It was messed up.<br/>
Even so, the many healing abilities that were all overlapping were forcefully healing itself. The amount of magic power it produced was also immense and allowed its absurdity to continue.<br/>
It should be suffering. But, that thing had absorbed too many human hearts that it didn’t even have such sense.<br/>
「AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA」<br/>
Its many mouths opened and raised voices of resentment.<br/>
It was trying to remove us, the foreign substance here following its instinct and desire.<br/>
My twin spirit crests shined.<br/>
I went further and called the wind spirits.<br/>
「Wind Armor」<br/>
I used my favorite magic. I enveloped myself in wind armor and rode on the wind flow to obtain both speed and protection. This was a really convenient magic.<br/>
Countless hands grew from the unbalanced body that looked like bloated flesh lump, but those hands were in the size of the former owners. The flesh got in the way and they couldn’t reach us. But, those hands stretched out.<br/>
Their speed was like bullet. They easily caught up to me who backed away while riding the wind.<br/>
The moment they impacted on the wind armor, I adjusted my angle while also exploding a part of the armor to parry the attack.<br/>
A large crater was created behind me.<br/>
What astonishing speed and power.<br/>
But, I couldn’t feel relieved yet. The number of the arms wasn’t just one or two.<br/>
They had no technique or tactic. There were simply countless arms stretching out to punch at me like a kid.<br/>
I clicked my tongue and changed all the remaining wind to speed up my movement and charged like a rocket. I swung my sword as I passed the arms.<br/>
「Tsk, I can’t land a blow on it due to its size.」<br/>
The opponent’s huge body was more than twenty meter.<br/>
Cutting that body with a sword that was less than a meter long couldn’t give any lethal damage.<br/>
To give an example, it was like a mouse biting a human.<br/>
Furthermore the opponent had regeneration ability.<br/>
I felt a heightening magic power behind me. It was an extremely primitive attack that simply fired a lump of magic power. Such attack came in number that equaled its heads.<br/>
It was a crud attack. Originally such magic could only serve as distraction. But it became a sure kill move with the bullshit amount of magic power that was filling each of them.<br/>
I controlled my posture midair while cutting apart only those that would hit me.<br/>
It was a feat that was only possible because my sword was made from orichalcum.<br/>
「Lilith-!」<br/>
I yelled.<br/>
Lilith was there deploying a huge magic circle.<br/>
I was the bait.<br/>
I didn’t risk my life just to scratch the enemy.<br/>
I believed Lilith’s words that she would be able to deal an effective blow to the opponent.<br/>
Lilith fired her darkness magic.<br/>
Darkness magic was a magic of annihilation. It erased the target by using the caster’s magic power as the fuel.<br/>
Putting it the other way around, it could only annihilate as much as the caster’s magic power allowed.<br/>
If we tried to stupidly challenge that monster head-on in a battle of stamina to annihilate its whole being, even Lilith’s magic power capacity wouldn’t be sufficient at all.<br/>
The black flash pierced the monster.<br/>
「GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA」<br/>
The monster screamed.<br/>
『I see, she annihilated only the soul.』<br/>
Lilith’s black light only annihilated the soul.<br/>
By annihilating the soul, the fleshes that were wholly absorbed would simply become a dead weight and magic power would leak out.<br/>
Absorbing whole meant that it wasn’t doing the work of choosing to absorb only the power of its target and also adapting it to itself like what Lilith did. If it lost its soul that acted as its body’s cornerstone, it was inevitable that it would become unable to control the rest of its body.<br/>
With Lilith’s magic power capacity, it might be possible to annihilate only the souls that monster had swallowed.<br/>
……Although doing that also wouldn’t be easy at all.<br/>
Even Lilith would have to concentrate to use that magic. It consumed time.<br/>
During that time I had to attract this monster’s attention.<br/>
It put my life at risk.<br/>
Several flesh parts fell off from the monster. Those must be the original fleshes of the souls that Lilith annihilated just now.<br/>
「GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!」<br/>
The monster felt that Lilith was the true threat and stretched out countless hands.<br/>
Lilith wouldn’t be able to dodge them with her skill.<br/>
But…….<br/>
「Orkcalibur!」<br/>
I already didn’t have the leeway to prolong the Orkkkkk and pausing for a second, or even brandishing the sword, so I normally fired the attack while holding the sword straight.<br/>
I prepared this attack while that guy was sloughing off its fleshes.<br/>
Even a monster like it was blown apart when it was hit by Orkcalibur’s firepower.<br/>
It still regenerated even after it was blown apart, even so there was a meaning in buying time like this.<br/>
As I thought, it was no different from an animal no matter how powerful it was.<br/>
Against a super first class opponent, getting an opening to charge an attack like Orkcalibur or making it hit the opponent would be impossible.<br/>
I leaped once more even while feeling such relieve. I held Lilith in my arms on the way.<br/>
Each of the scattered flesh pieces had tentacles growing from them.<br/>
If they were at that size…….<br/>
「Purgatory」<br/>
I borrowed the strength of the fire spirits in the area and summoned the flame of purgatory. It was a wide-range area annihilation magic.<br/>
It couldn’t even display a third of its usual power.<br/>
The reason was clear. There was almost no spirit in this dream world. The magic just now only used the spirits that leaked out from the fleshes that monster once absorbed.<br/>
But, even half-baked like that, Purgatory should still have the firepower to burn the flesh pieces to ash.<br/>
「You are really reliable. Soul Destruction.」<br/>
Lilith annihilated only the souls with the black light once more.<br/>
The flesh lump screamed. It vomited out its inside while writhing around.<br/>
It looked like we would be able to win at this rate.<br/>
We could shave off almost all of the enemy’s strength.<br/>
We were also obtaining leeway from that to dodge its attacks.<br/>
But, my sixth sense was ringing the alarm bell.<br/>
It’s dangerous, run away, you mustn’t try anything against that thing.<br/>
And then, it came.<br/>
Something flew out from inside the flesh lump. It was something humanoid with black wings like Lilith. It had a beautiful and symmetrical shape.<br/>
A dragon horn was growing from its palm. It thrust the horn like a sword. The movement was fast and powerful like usual, but the difference was…….<br/>
『It’s skilled.』<br/>
That thrust had the principle of sword. It was in the level of a first class swordsman.<br/>
It couldn’t be dodged if it was unleashed with such absurd speed and power.<br/>
「Gah」<br/>
The attack came in the timing that I couldn’t even block with my sword. I barely avoided my vital spot from getting hit and the horn landed on my shoulder. It easily pierced my flesh and blood spurted out.<br/>
I kicked the enemy’s stomach so that the horn stabbing my body was pulled out while backing away.<br/>
There was no following attack. The black winged man rolled his shoulder as though to ascertain its own body.<br/>
「Aaaaaaa, it’s finally turned light. It’s really not good to eat too much huh.」<br/>
Over there was an existence who seemed to be Lilith’s ancestor.<br/>
Compared to the beginning of the fight, his total strength had dropped by half, no, by two third, even then his total strength still surpassed even the strength of Lilith and me combined……furthermore he had regained his rational mind and technique. This was a true monster.<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
 