[Landing: Isekai Tensei Soudouki c174](https://bakapervert.wordpress.com/2021/01/23/soudouki-c174/)
<br/><br/>
Soudouki Chapter 174 (2077 words) wordpress<br/>
 
<br/>
[Article: Isekai Tensei Soudouki c174](https://bakapervert.wordpress.com/soudouki-chapter-174/)
<br/><br/>
Chapter 174   Mythological World 3<br/>
.<br/>
Around one year after that, Constantinos magic school was opened at the capital with Zoras as the leader.<br/>
He didn’t deny that his objective was his wholehearted wish to meet with Kornea one more time.<br/>
But it was also a fact that Zoras wished to grant the light of magic civilization of Finlandia that was more advanced to the people of this world.<br/>
The technology here still wasn’t advanced, but the people of this world had welcomed them warmly. He wanted to pay back their kindness even just for a little.<br/>
It had been a long time since the last time Zoras felt enough human’s rationality and kindness from other people to this degree.<br/>
In the middle of war, even his fellow countrymen only sought military contribution from a researcher like him. It planted a seed of deep distrust into Zoras’s chest.<br/>
There was no way his human heart wouldn’t be hurt from being used as though he was just a machine.<br/>
Compared to that the resident of this world was extremely honest and kind.<br/>
Of course the civilization here was far inferior then Finlandia. And certainly some of his comrades were looking down on the natives because of that.<br/>
In reality this continent was immature in organization and law compared to Finlandia. It was also a fact that Zoras and others were effectively managing the continent as ruler.<br/>
It couldn’t be helped to some degree that they got used to the situation and naturally looked down on the people of this world.<br/>
But, if that discriminative perspective continued for long, in the end Finlandia people whose number was overwhelmingly inferior would meet ruin. That was what Zoras thought.<br/>
That was why, in order to close the gap of knowledge between both sides, Zoras strongly pushed for gathering the native people and established a magic school.<br/>
And most of all, the reality was that it would only be a pipe dream to return to their former world without borrowing the strength of the local people.<br/>
Zoras had no intention at all to give up on meeting Kornea once more.<br/>
「……Zoras-sama, is this alright?」<br/>
「I don’t mind even if you don’t act respectful like that you know?」<br/>
「B-but, Zoras-sama is the grand wizard……」<br/>
Grand wizard was the title of the highest ranked wizard among the Vanhutte tribe that was stranded in this Aurelia.<br/>
Originally the order of the ranks was grand wizard master, grand wizard, purple wizard, wizard, and sorcerer. So Zoras was only at the second rank, but Vanhutte tribe only had three first ranked wizards and none of them were in this world.<br/>
「I greatly welcome any skilled students.」<br/>
The magic school’s student, Meira made a cute bright smile at Zoras’s words.<br/>
She was a daughter of an old wealthy family in Constantinos. She was a pretty girl with light blue eyes and refreshing gracefulness, but in reality she was overflowing with curiosity more than anyone in this magic school.<br/>
Among the students Meira was the one who most often came to him to ask questions after the class like this.<br/>
「Why is the magic’s effect decayed when it come out into the air?」<br/>
「I’m thinking to explain that in the next class but……well, fine. What you call magic is in other words a reproduction of magic power’s physical phenomenon, it’s nothing more than a change in appearance. If you want to fire it to far away like how you fire water gun, you will need even more pressure to do that. Furthermore the law of physics is in effect when the mana is exposed to air, so you will need even more mana the greater the distance and size of the reproduction and transformation. Therefore as long as the mana of the magic is constant, its distance and size will decay in proportion to it.」<br/>
There was a power that was constantly working to maintain the law of physics in the air. Zoras and others called that power as the restoration force.<br/>
From Zoras’s observation, the restoration force of this world was three times greater than Finlandia.<br/>
Because of that the power of their magic had weakened greatly. They would need to improve their technology even more in order to return to their homeland.<br/>
「Thank you very much, Zoras-sama.」<br/>
「No, I have great expectation on you. And also on your friend, that boy, what is his name again?」<br/>
「Zoras-sama must mean Ratash.」<br/>
The boy with black eyes, Ratash was taciturn but strongly principled. He was Meira’s childhood friend and from Zoras’s observation he seemed to surpass the other students by far.<br/>
「Yeah, that’s right, his name is Ratash-kun huh.」<br/>
These two would get involved with the center of the research as Zoras’s confidants later on, though Zoras had no way of knowing that at this point because he wasn’t a god.<br/>
.<br/>
And then seven more years passed.<br/>
Aurelia continent obtained the knowledge of Vanhutte tribe and arrived at unprecedented prosperity with the royal capital Constantinos as the center.<br/>
But, their wish to return home kept heightening without decreasing at all.<br/>
Of course there were also some among them who thought to bury their bones in this world.<br/>
There were also people who married woman of this world, became high ranked official in the government, and lost their head over the authority that they wielded.<br/>
However even with the unprecedented prosperity that was achieved, in the end that was only based on the standard of this Aurelia continent. It couldn’t even hope to match the state at Finlandia world.<br/>
The decline of their medical technology was also giving a boost to their health growing poor in not so small amount.<br/>
The fact that the researchers greatly occupied the center of their endeavor also played a large part at their inability to give up on the attempt.<br/>
As long as they had time, returning home wasn’t something that was impossible by any means technology-wise.<br/>
It was only a natural reaction to want to go home if it was possible. However it was also accompanied by a risk.<br/>
Regardless of everything, their arrival to this Aurelia continent was the result of the side effect of the experiment’s failure.<br/>
Zoras knew of the risk, even so he didn’t have any option of giving up.<br/>
He wouldn’t stop until he could meet his lover who was left behind in their homeland that was trapped in the middle of such severe war.<br/>
「Zoras-sama, the preparation is completed.」<br/>
「Aa, thank you Ratash.」<br/>
Ratash who served as Zoras’s assistant together with Meira was a young genius who had grown to be a magic technician who rivaled Folgang tribe.<br/>
His mana capacity wouldn’t be able to rival Folgang tribe, but his knowledge and technique were at a level that wasn’t at all inferior. He was an outstanding talent among the local people of Aurelia continent.<br/>
A man like him could only be called as a prodigy.<br/>
The role that Ratash played in the beginning of the experiment this time was big.<br/>
「……It’s a bit concerning that there are some people with frenzied aura like that here.」<br/>
Meira suddenly cut in and frowned uneasily.<br/>
It seemed that some of the Vanhutte tribe’s technicians were doing their work in frenzy with different look in their eyes. They were so frenzied that it felt dangerous to call out to them carelessly.<br/>
Meira was also one of the indispensable people for this plan.<br/>
Zoras believed that it was worth it to build the magic school just by getting these two.<br/>
However the characters of the two weren’t the same by any means.<br/>
Ratash believed that the magic technology of Vanhutte tribe was indispensable for the development of this Aurelia continent, but Meira felt like sshe was idolizing Zoras one-sidedly.<br/>
Or rather, Zoras simply didn’t notice it, but the gaze that Meira was sending him clearly belonged to a maiden in love.<br/>
「I hope the experiment will succeed, Zoras-sama.」<br/>
「There are many uncertain elements in this experiment, but there is nothing that can be done about it.」<br/>
In the first place it was an accident that Zoras and others were blown to here.<br/>
They were unable to remove the uncertain factors regardless of their effort.<br/>
Therefore Zoras believed that there was a need to do the experiment with every precaution available.<br/>
But naturally there were also people who held different opinion.<br/>
Someone like Zoras’s superior, Yunikum who was already almost seventy years old was the foremost example.<br/>
He wanted to return home no matter what while he was still alive.<br/>
Yunikum had a circumstance that drove him like that. His grandson had just been born several days before he was blown to this world.<br/>
It couldn’t be helped that he wished to see the face of his grandson no matter what while he was still alive.<br/>
「Now then, let’s go.」<br/>
「Yes-!」<br/>
Zoras headed to the dome shaped experiment facility with Meira and Ratash following him at his left and right.<br/>
Waiting for them were fifty researchers of Vanhutte tribe and around two hundred students that were recruited from the local Aurelia people.<br/>
The number of people who were mobilized for the sake of the experiment that day was more than ten thousand people in total.<br/>
That was how much the energy that was needed in order to construct the boundary.<br/>
It could be said that the seven years that were spent in the magic school were for the sake of creating as many students as possible who could possibly endure controlling mana.<br/>
Zoras couldn’t help but feel deeply emotional that they were able to reach this point of experiment.<br/>
「What about the degree of stability of the mana amplification furnace?」<br/>
「It’s currently at a hundred percent.」<br/>
「Measurement error 0.2%!」<br/>
Zoras nodded happily.<br/>
More than half of the engineers were personnel that he raised during these seven years. From their skill he could see the definite proof of their growth.<br/>
If it was like this, then surely it would be possible to continue developing the culture of this continent even after they went home.<br/>
「Beginning the boundary tuning experiment!」<br/>
The operator declared the start of the experiment to tune the dimensional boundary with other world for the first time since that fateful day.<br/>
Immense energy was transforming that wavelength with dimensional boundary.<br/>
「The tuning rate is 34% at present!」<br/>
「……Looks like it’s going well for now.」<br/>
They couldn’t possibly repeat the same mistake like the previous experiment where the tuning went hairy due to the difference in encroachment ratio.<br/>
Zoras thought that it would be good enough to take the data until the ratio of 50% for the time being, but the opinion of the other researchers than Zoras was different.<br/>
「Tuning rate 50%.」<br/>
「Yosh, let’s stop here……」<br/>
「Raise the output! Increase the tuning rate until 70%!」<br/>
「McGwire-dono! That’s dangerous!」<br/>
「I’m the person in charge of this experiment!」<br/>
McGwire was also a grand wizard like Zoras. And he was also more senior, so certainly he was the person in charge on paper.<br/>
However most people here knew who was the actual leader of this experiment. Especially the students of the magic school.<br/>
Conversely there were also people who wished to follow McGwire’s instruction.<br/>
The engineers of Vanhutte tribe, especially the old-timers preferred to follow McGwire’s decision even though he was only the leader on paper.<br/>
In the end the experiment was continued and the tuning rate was increasing quickly regardless of Zoras’s apprehension.<br/>
「Tuning rate, 82%!」<br/>
「As expected any more than this is……」<br/>
Zoras stepped forward to stop the experiment even if he had to do it forcefully. It was then.<br/>
「That’s……」<br/>
「Moon! That’s our moon Celestia!」<br/>
At the other side of the dimensional boundary when the tuning rate was over 80%, the nostalgic moon that was enveloped in characteristic double layered rings appeared. Even Zoras couldn’t stop himself from having his attention snatched away by it for a brief moment.<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
 