[Landing: Isekai Tensei Soudouki c175-176](https://bakapervert.wordpress.com/2021/01/25/soudouki-c175-176/)
<br/><br/>
Soudouki Chapter 175 (1632 words) wordpress<br/>
Soudouki Chapter 176 (1971 words) wordpress<br/>
 
<br/>
[Article: Isekai Tensei Soudouki c175-176](https://bakapervert.wordpress.com/soudouki-chapter-175/)
<br/><br/>
Chapter 175   Mythological World 4<br/>
.<br/>
「Oooh……this must be a sign from god!」<br/>
McGwire raised both his hands and yelled.<br/>
It was clear that the dimension was being adjacent with that Finlandia world.<br/>
Therefore based on the probability it was correct that the tuning target of the dimension boundary almost became Finlandia completely.<br/>
However there was also a possibility that couldn’t possibly be ignored, even if it was just a very slight possibility. It was the possibility that the tuning was occurring with a completely different world.<br/>
The possibility of that was even less than 10%, but the researchers were constantly afraid of that possibility.<br/>
Because it was a problem that still couldn’t be solved with the technology of this side.<br/>
It was only natural that relieve and joy welled up seeing that they could really connect to Finlandia like this.<br/>
They could go home with this.<br/>
That Finlandia was right within their reach.<br/>
There were still technological problems that still had to be cleared before that, but Zoras felt relieved from the bottom of his heart that their prospect of going home was getting brighter.<br/>
──But it only lasted until that moment.<br/>
「Start the work of fixing the coordinate.」<br/>
Zoras was dumbfounded by McGwire’s order and he protested.<br/>
「Please wait! The experiment this time should be just for the boundary tuning!」<br/>
「There is no guarantee that next time we will be able to tune with Finlandia again. We have to fix the coordinate here at the very least!」<br/>
McGwire’s words were the very definition of irrationality, but it was also the representation of the feeling of Vanhutte tribe’s researchers who had lived in this foreign land for more than eight years.<br/>
There was no guarantee that they would connected with Finlandia again in their next experiment. It was only human nature for them to want to fix the coordinate right away.<br/>
However human nature came from emotion and not from rational mind.<br/>
A researcher should have a clear understanding of that.<br/>
「The mana amount is dangerous!」<br/>
「We are just fixing the coordinate! We aren’t going to cross the boundary at all!」<br/>
It was still being hotly debated how much mana would be needed for a group to cross the tuned boundary back to their homeland.<br/>
Perhaps they would still need to spend some more years to prepare for that.<br/>
Taking that into consideration, Zoras could understand to a painful degree why they would want to at least fix the coordination right away.<br/>
But, the result of forcing an experiment that was based on emotion like that was also the reason why they were stranded in this world right now.<br/>
「Please stop! If it’s just fixing the coordinate then we can just do it when we have accumulated enough mana again. All these results that we have achieved right now might be wasted if we act recklessly like this!」<br/>
「I won’t wait anymore!」<br/>
Many of Vanhutte tribe’s researchers especially McGwire were glaring at Zoras as though they were looking at their parent’s murderer.<br/>
The stress that they were harboring was even greater than Zoras expected.<br/>
It was a stark difference from Zoras who managed to get close with his students from Aurelia continent and had good life in this world.<br/>
「Beginning the coordination fixing sequence!」<br/>
「Don’t! The experiment is already over!」<br/>
Zoras tried to stop the staff who was starting the countdown, but two soldiers restrained him from behind.<br/>
「Grand wizard, please be quiet. You shouldn’t lower the morale of the staffs.」<br/>
「Research isn’t something that should be done based on morale!」<br/>
Morale was an important factor if they were in a battlefield, however it was the failure of researcher if they stopped thinking rationally because of emotion.<br/>
The research would be twisted by desire the moment they put a filter of emotion in their mind.<br/>
「……Ten more seconds until the coordinate fixing. Nine, eight, seven, six, five, four……t-the energy is reversed!」<br/>
「It will encroach here! Cut off the energy supply quickly!」<br/>
「I can’t! The encroachment is immense even though it’s just a backlash!」<br/>
「This is why I told you to stop!」<br/>
Zoras shook off the soldiers’ hands in fury.<br/>
They were blown away to this world by the exact same blunder like this.<br/>
It was the greatest shame for a researcher to repeat the same mistake.<br/>
「There is no other way! Purge the dimensional boundary using overdrive!」<br/>
In order to push back the encroachment, there was no other way than to cut off the dimensional boundary’s contact by temporarily pouring even greater energy.<br/>
But McGwire’s complexion paled when he heard that decision.<br/>
「N-no! If you do that then our connection with Finlandia will……」<br/>
「This isn’t the time to say something like that!」<br/>
The method would forcefully cut off the dimension boundary. The next time they tried to make contact again, the possibility that they would be connected to Finlandia again would decrease.<br/>
But at this rate there was a possibility that they couldn’t even do this experiment anymore.<br/>
McGwire spoke selfishly like a kid. Zoras pushed him aside by force.<br/>
「Move-!」<br/>
「Five more seconds until the boundary encroachment!」<br/>
「Emergency purge, hurry!」<br/>
「Stop! I won’t allow you to sever the contact with Finlandia!」<br/>
Several of Vanhutte technicians obeyed McGwire’s order and they lost the critical five seconds.<br/>
The eight years they spent here might have made them lost their normal capability for decision making.<br/>
However wasn’t that something that they had already experienced in that war?<br/>
「The encroachment reached critical limit! The energy is saturating!」<br/>
「Just cut off the supply for now! All hands, brace for impact!」<br/>
Even so McGwire couldn’t given up and he kept staring fixedly at Finlandia’s moon that was reflected on the sky.<br/>
「Don’t go! Bring me over there! I don’t even have one more year left!」<br/>
Zoras finally understood the reason for McGwire’s madness at this moment.<br/>
He didn’t know whether it was caused by sickness or life span, but the time remaining for McGwire was already not much.<br/>
And then, perhaps McGwire’s tenacity that was similar to a deep-rooted delusion had some effect.<br/>
The energy that surpassed the critical point definitely connected Aurelia continent with Finlandia world.<br/>
It was a miraculous coincidence. The collision of energy and energy that opposed each other created a tranquil connection just for an instant.<br/>
Based on the result, it caused a situation that was the worst among the worst.<br/>
──Most likely, the body of them who were thrown to this Aurelia continent successfully returned back to the Finlandia world that they dearly missed.<br/>
However their soul couldn’t return together with their flesh body.<br/>
「W-what the hell is this?」<br/>
That wasn’t all.<br/>
Right after that, Zoras and others realized that their body was changing to the body of someone else.<br/>
「Isn’t this the body of beastman race……」<br/>
Beastman race was a minority race in Finlandia. Because they didn’t have any mana, they could only spend their life poorly in a small autonomous region.<br/>
Because their life wasn’t really civilized, Zoras and other researchers didn’t have any relation with them at all.<br/>
「──Umm, are you, Zoras-sama? (So cute)」<br/>
Meira noticed that Zoras who was beside him had animal ears that she had never seen before attached on his head, so she talked to him timidly. It was a secret that her voice sounded somehow excited.<br/>
「Yeah, I’m Zoras, what is it……」<br/>
「What in the world is going on!」<br/>
McGwire’s face reddened in despair and anger. His legs failed him crestfallenly.<br/>
Screams also rose in succession from the researchers of Vanhutte tribe who understood their present situation.<br/>
「W-who are you?」<br/>
「Animal ears are……don’t tell me……it’s not here! My mana isn’t here!」<br/>
The most serious problem in this situation was that.<br/>
The result from their body getting replaced with beastman race’s body was losing the powerful mana that they were born with.<br/>
That was a real setback for their research to go home.<br/>
After all a researcher who couldn’t use mana didn’t have any worth.<br/>
「It’s over……I don’t think I can keep living in this form.」<br/>
It could be guessed just how unendurable that truth was from how McGwire and more than ten researchers committed suicide on the spot.<br/>
The beastman race was also a persecuted race in Finlandia world. And most of all, it was only natural that the brand of failure was stamped on those who didn’t possess magic power in a world where magic civilization was developed.<br/>
But, their ordeals had only just begun.<br/>
While Zoras and others were completely at a loss, the storm of upheaval was going to sweep over the Aurelia continent.<br/>
.<br/>
Several months after the Finlandia people including Vanhutte tribe lsot their mana, within the greatly chaotic world, a single young man was standing on a crossroad in the capital Constantinos.<br/>
He was tall and skinny, but his beautiful face that allowed him to be called a beautiful man was filled with a decisive resolution in his eyes.<br/>
「Open your eyes! My people of Aurelia! We have to rid ourselves from the control of the foreigners! There is no way that those who can think by themselves should content themselves with being controlled!」<br/>
His charming voice possessed strange attractiveness in it. The people walking on the street stopped their legs and listened to the passionate speech of the young man.<br/>
That young man’s name was Maximilian Robespierre.<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
 