[Landing: Isekai Tensei Soudouki c177-178](https://bakapervert.wordpress.com/2021/01/26/soudouki-c177-178/)
<br/><br/>
Soudouki Chapter 177 (2204 words) wordpress<br/>
Soudouki Chapter 178 (2000 words) wordpress<br/>
 
<br/>
[Article: Isekai Tensei Soudouki c177-178](https://bakapervert.wordpress.com/soudouki-chapter-177/)
<br/><br/>
Chapter 177   Mythological World 6<br/>
.<br/>
The chaos spread even further and the empire was embroiled in endless wars.<br/>
The faction of Robespierre that occupied the capital was the biggest, but the elite guards that were formed by Adolf Hitler were powerful enough to oppose them.<br/>
Fortunately Hitler’s knowledge about basic technology wasn’t that great, so he didn’t have the leeway to perform domestic affairs cheat.<br/>
Robespierre was also in a similar predicament. They could only shift into war of attrition using ordinary infantries and magic soldiers.<br/>
Zoras and others weaved through the gap of stalemated warfront. They escaped from Mejina, crossed the national border Angelholm, and hid themselves in an untrodden territory.<br/>
「What will we do from now on……」<br/>
Robespierre and Adolf Hitler. They are most likely not souls of this world.<br/>
Zoras bit his lips with a grave expression.<br/>
He understood how terrifying the current situation was.<br/>
The tuning of dimensional boundary ended incompletely and an encroachment from an adjacent other world to this world was beginning.<br/>
The first phenomenon that occurred from there was the awakening of reincarnators.<br/>
The proof was how they were trying to repain the color of this Aurelia continent with knowledge and ideology of a different world.<br/>
Until the other day, the idea of putting reason as the greatest part of human or designating the people of Dynabar region at the western part of the empire as elite race didn’t exist.<br/>
「At this rate this continent will be swallowed by other world.」<br/>
At the present time the reincarnator still hadn’t brought in the kind of weapon or magic that could destroy the world, but it was unknown what would happen in the future.<br/>
According to Zoras’s observation, Finlandia wasn’t the only world that was adjacent with this world. He learned that there were more than four other worlds around it.<br/>
Considering that he never heard of name like Robespierre or Hitler, they didn’t come from Finlandia.<br/>
If reincarnators kept multiplying like this, the causality of other world would expand even greater.<br/>
That meant, the more other world’s knowledge, ideology, culture, those kind of things encroached into Aurelia continent, the bigger the tear of dimensional boundary would be.<br/>
In the near future, reincarnators would appear even more frequently in this Aurelia continent.<br/>
If that happened, there was no doubt that the culture and tradition that had taken route in this Aurelia continent since time immemorial would be thoroughly repainted by the color of other world.<br/>
Most importantly, in case a world of higher rank than Finlandia encroached into here, there was a possibility that a great war that could destroy the world would break out.<br/>
The history that had been built up until now would be rendered worthless by the intervention of even stronger other world.<br/>
Zoras thought of that as an atrocity that was hard to permit.<br/>
「──We have to hurry.」<br/>
「Zoras-sama?」<br/>
Zoras glared at the faraway capital and hardened his deep determination. Meira turned her gaze at him in worry.<br/>
Because she knew that Zoras’s health wasn’t good by any means.<br/>
The life on the run and sneaking around couldn’t provide him with any good nutrition. Zoras’s strong sense of responsibility was also beating up his mental state badly.<br/>
But, right now even such thing was trivial.<br/>
Yes, even his own life that didn’t have any ray of hope to be reunited with Kornea anymore──.<br/>
「We need a research facility asap. We also have to gather manpower──Meira, Ratash, will you two lend me your strength?」<br/>
「I-if you are fine with me than gladly!」<br/>
「I’ll lend you my strength as much as you want, so don’t hide anything okay?」<br/>
「Sorry.」<br/>
.<br/>
Zoras and others secretly built a research facility at Margmonique at the eastern part of the continent where Gartlake Kingdom was located at the present time.<br/>
That place was a cold land. Zoras who was wounded in mind and body received even more damage to his health.<br/>
Even so, Zoras continued to research like a man possessed.<br/>
He was that desperate because naturally the situation was just that pressing.<br/>
Robespierre who was occupying the capital and Adolf Hitler at the sub capital Dynabar were fighting an extremely appalling war of attrition against each other. While that was going on, a third force entered the stage and spurred the chaos even more.<br/>
A girl became the leader of the third force.<br/>
Her name was Margarita Narides──her current name was Jeanne d’Arc.<br/>
Because both Robespierre and Adolf Hitler denied and oppressed the established religion, the religious force was massed under her.<br/>
She was nearly incompetent in regard to government and military matters, but Gilles de Rais who was assisting her was blessed with enough military talent.<br/>
As the result, Aurelia continent was transformed into a warring states era that called confrontation after confrontation to break out.<br/>
The reincarnators with memory of other world were repainting this peaceful Aurelia continent into a hellish landscape. Zoras could watch that happened in shame.<br/>
He had to stop this no matter what. Even if it would make him unable to return back to his homeland Finlandia anymore.<br/>
Zoras didn’t have any intention of allowing the history that had been cultivated until now to be lost because of the encroachment from other world that happened out of nowhere one day.<br/>
Until now he researched only to return to Finlandia and met with Kornea once more, but now that such hope was beyond his reach, what Zoras should do was protecting the future of Meira and Ratash.<br/>
「Currently it seems that the encroachment from other world is stopping, but the hole that is opened in the dimensional boundary because of the failure in tuning is still there. We won’t be able to remove the influence from other world unless we close this hole.<br/>
「What should we do to achieve that?」<br/>
「We will inverse the tuning phase to knock away the dimensional boundary’s contact point. That’s our only choice.」<br/>
Doing that meant pushing away the contact point with Finlandia.<br/>
Even though Zoras had resolved himself to do it no matter what, his heart was imprisoned in depression.<br/>
It was Meira’s existence that filled that crack in his heart.<br/>
She became Zoras’s right-hand in the research as his wife, at the same time she gave birth to five sons and two daughters, five of them quintuplets that became the best part of their lively family.<br/>
.<br/>
And then around six years passed since then.<br/>
The degree of chaos in the continent became increasingly more severe, but when Robespierre was assassinated the other day by his comrade, Oliver Cromwell succeeded his position.<br/>
Oliver Cromwell surpassed Robespierre when it came to military matter. Adolf Hitler and Jeanne d’Arc were put in a tight spot because of that.<br/>
But Oliver Cromwell’s popularity was several level lower than Robespierre, so although he frequently won the battles, he was unable to expand his influence in the capital.<br/>
Like that feeling of war-weariness was increasing among Aurelia continent people who were fighting in the battlefield.<br/>
A part of those people were people who had friendly relationship with Finlandia people like Meira and Ratash. They gathered together and turned into a great force that was centered around Margmonique.<br/>
It was also at this time that the commoners who were sick of the empire’s dispute scattered to the remote regions and began to cultivate a new inhabitation space there.<br/>
「──It’s finally taking shape.」<br/>
Zoras whose hair had become pure white due to fatigue was supported by the worried Meira from behind.<br/>
「Dear, please don’t force yourself too much.」<br/>
「Right now is the only time I can force myself.」<br/>
For these several months, Zoras was keenly feeling that his lifespan was about to run out.<br/>
Finlandia people was able to sense when they were about to die a natural death.<br/>
McGwire also sensed the same thing when he caused that accident in the experiment.<br/>
He obtained this awareness far earlier than he expected.<br/>
No wonder McGwire became that impatient after feeling this, Zoras thought.<br/>
In fact, Zoras was obsessively devoted to a degree that shaved his life with the designing of the artifact for sealing the dimensional boundary.<br/>
Because he wouldn’t be able to create it if he died.<br/>
「It’s unfortunate but, we have no more leeway to do any more trial and error. We were able to confirm the effect of removing the encroachment of other world even with the previous prototypes……」<br/>
Cutting off the source of power that otherworlder had from this world.<br/>
By doing that, most likely they should also lose their memory of their previous life. That was Zoras’s hypothesis.<br/>
If reincarnators lost their memory, surely this war that brought chaos would also meet its end.<br/>
And then the people of this Aurelia continent would be able to spin the true history that should be.<br/>
At that time, the children of Zoras should be able to live in the new Aurelia continent as its resident.<br/>
「Dear, anymore than this is……」<br/>
「But, as expected it’s impossible to perfect it huh.」<br/>
Zoras glanced at the multiple prototypes that had forms like tube or mantel and let out a deep sigh.<br/>
As the result of fusing with beastman body, Zoras and other Finlandia people lost their mana.<br/>
The mana of Meira and Ratash, the people of this world was insufficient. Strictly speaking, the mana of both the people of this Aurelia continent and Finlandia people were needed to close the dimensional boundary hole and cut apart the connection.<br/>
But, the problem was that there wasn’t a single person who could use this mana of Finlandia people.<br/>
「Ratash.」<br/>
「Yes, teacher.」<br/>
「We will carry out the last experiment after this. Most likely we will be able to seal 99% of the encroachment, but it won’t be complete by any means. My remaining time is also short, so I shall entrust to you the plan for things that are still left undone.」<br/>
「I shall accomplish it even if it cost me my life.」<br/>
「In the future, you should monitor if someone with mana appear among beastman. Eliminate them if you think of them as dangerous. That beastman will lose his mana if you activate my magic tool. There won’t be many of them who will cooperate if they know that.」<br/>
「In other words, we need beastman who have mana in order to seal the dimensional boundary?」<br/>
「To be more precise, what we need is the mana of this world and the mana of Finlandia──the world of beastman. However if the beastman doesn’t wish to cooperate and act as they please instead, the dimensional boundary’s seal will loosen once more.」<br/>
For example, if causality like weapon or ideology that was created based on the knowledge of another world spread, the more they spread the more the seal of dimensional boundary would be loosened.<br/>
「Meira.」<br/>
「Yes dear.」<br/>
「Protect the beastman bloodline. Protect them so that if one day a beastman with mana appear, they will be able to use their strength with sufficient skill. This world is still unfriendly for the foreigner beastmen.」<br/>
「Naturally I will protect these children.」<br/>
The number of beastman who remained in this world was few.<br/>
That bloodline must never be allowed to cease.<br/>
If that happened, the requirement to completely perform the seal would be lost for eternity.<br/>
「Then, let’s begin the experiment. For the sake of imperfect peace.」<br/>
Zoras activated the artifact that was stored underground a huge spire.<br/>
「Begin the replenishment of mana.<br/>
「The replenishment is connected.」<br/>
The artifact’s color changed from red to blue, and then it slowly changed into golden color.<br/>
Around half a hour passed. The golden radiance increased even more and finally it became a streak of light and began to illuminate the other side of the sky.<br/>
It was said that fantastical sight could be seen from anywhere in Aurelia continent.<br/>
「Replenishment rate is 80%.」<br/>
「We can fill it anymore than this.」<br/>
「Begin the tuning reversal.」<br/>
「Reversal is starting.」<br/>
It couldn’t be seen with naked eye, but Zoras imagined that an invisible wall was blocking the boundary of this world and Finlandia and shed tears.<br/>
「Farewell──Kornea.」<br/>
The sealing experiment ended successfully.<br/>
After the experiment, the personalities of Adolf Hitler, Jeann d’Arc, and Oliver Cromwell vanished without a trace.<br/>
.<br/>
Shue finished telling her long tale. She wetted her lips by drinking rose water.<br/>
「The legend got distorted throughout the long years. The church now simply work to eliminate the beastmen and managing the holy relic, while our Kadiros Kingdom isolated ourselves while secretly sheltering the beastman race. Now nobody know why that kind of rule was created.」<br/>
「Then how do you learn of that?」<br/>
Shue smiled sweetly at Augusto’s question.<br/>
「You already have an idea why don’t you, prime minister? That’s because──I’m Meira’s reincarnation.」<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
 