[Landing: Isekai Tensei Soudouki c179-180](https://bakapervert.wordpress.com/2021/01/27/soudouki-c179-180-lord-of-realms-prologue/)
<br/><br/>
Soudouki Chapter 179 (2023 words) wordpress<br/>
Soudouki Chapter 180 (4209 words) wordpress<br/>
With this I’ve finished translating all available web chapters. I’m continuing to do Lord of Realms vol 2 now.<br/>
Campione Lord of Realms Vol 2 Illustrations<br/>
Campione Lord of Realms Vol 2 Prologue (300 words) wordpress<br/>
 
<br/>
[Article: Isekai Tensei Soudouki c179-180](https://bakapervert.wordpress.com/soudouki-chapter-179/)
<br/><br/>
Chapter 179   What Should be Celebrated<br/>
.<br/>
「Dammit!」<br/>
Baldr threw down his luxurious red mantle as soon as he entered into his room.<br/>
「That damn girl just prattled whatever she like!」<br/>
There was no way Baldr could keep his calm after being told that all his efforts since he was a boy only resulted in inviting danger to the world.<br/>
It wasn’t like everything went smoothly for him.<br/>
He repeated trials and errors, obtained the assistance of various people, and as the result the technology that was realized didn’t belong to Baldr alone anymore.<br/>
A good example of that was Duke Willian who became the new ruler of Antrim at Mauricia Kingdom.<br/>
That was to say that even for Baldr it was impossible to seal the knowledge and ideology of earth at this point.<br/>
That meant──<br/>
『You said that, but you already got your answer right?』<br/>
「Uu……」<br/>
Baldr lost his words when Masaharu gave his retort calmly.<br/>
He already understood rationally. But emotionally he still couldn’t accept it.<br/>
『Adolf Hitler and then Oliver Cromwell she said? That’s really not funny at all. The history of Aurelia continent is going to be over if that kind of delinquent carry out domestic affairs cheat here.』<br/>
Until now the knowledge of other world could be controlled properly because it was Baldr who was using it.<br/>
Such feat was only possible because Baldr paid consideration for the order, history, and tradition of this world and also strength to take control of the situation.<br/>
Collapse would be unavoidable if reincarnator from other world tried to spread the bourgeois democracy revolution or human rights ideology in this Aurelia continent without any regard for order. In the worst case the world might be destroyed if other world biologist produced something like germ that didn’t exist in this world.<br/>
In addition, if by some chance knowledge and power that came from other world that wasn’t earth flowed in, then even Baldr’s imagination wouldn’t be able to keep up anymore.<br/>
And most of all the possibility that they could expect otherworlder to have the common sense of this Aurelia continent was low.<br/>
Such thing was difficult to expect even from earth reincarnator. Seeking that from other world that he completely didn’t know at all was just unreasonable.<br/>
『It’s not so bad if the opponent is just the church or Answerer Kingdom, but are you confident that you will be able to completely protect Trystovy Kingdom and your wives from otherworlder who is outside of our common sense?』<br/>
「……」<br/>
Baldr was unable to answer Masaharu’s question.<br/>
He wouldn’t know what kind of knowledge they had. He also wouldn’t know how far removed the standard of technology they had. There was no way he could confidently state that he would protect everything from such unknown.<br/>
『──Life and death art only a dream in this place.』<br/>
Sanai’s words were severe, but his voice was extremely kind.<br/>
Baldr didn’t hear his voice directly, but he understood that from the words that he received from him.<br/>
『Ye will definitely wake up from yer dream in the morning no matter how nice the dream is. Feel joy that you hath a good dream boy, I also hath fun.』<br/>
He had watched a fun dream of other world reincarnation that normal human couldn’t possibly wish for.<br/>
Just that was already more than fun enough for Sanai.<br/>
Perhaps Sanai would struggle until the very end if this was his own life.<br/>
However the main actor of this life was Baldr. He was just a vague existence like a ghost that obtained consciousness there by chance.<br/>
It was truly just a brief dream.<br/>
Entrusting one’s self to a pleasant dream and refused to wake up forever because of that, it really wasn’t the way of living of a man that Sanai recognized.<br/>
He should enjoy the dream as much as he could, and when he suddenly wake up from it, it would be best if he could simply smile thinking that he had seen a good dream.<br/>
Samurai disliked attachment and excuse.<br/>
Because that would be a rejection for their own life, and it would also mean recognizing that they hadn’t lived with everything they had.<br/>
Therefore, they left their fate to the heaven even while giving their all in the human world.<br/>
Being able to stand up and fight while also being able to accept any result whether it was success or failure as the result of living with all their effort was the proof of true samurai.<br/>
Life and war were unreasonable.<br/>
Unlike the modern era people, the samurai of warring states era lived in a world where the unreasonable happened as though it was only natural. It was a world where the life of today could be unreasonably taken away tomorrow was just a routine.<br/>
For Sanai, the end of this miraculous reincarnation was only triviality.<br/>
『I don’t want to worsen your mood but……』<br/>
This time it was Masaharu who spoke awkwardly.<br/>
『The life in this world was really fun but, when I realized that Baldr has grown up and try to achieve something amazing in this continent, a thought crossed my mind. I too want to live a life of just my own.』<br/>
At first he was filled with fresh happiness.<br/>
He also felt a sense of achievement from realizing the domestic affairs cheat that he dreamed off when he was still alive through Baldr.<br/>
However in the end Masaharu was nothing more than a spectator.<br/>
He also felt envious at Baldr who became a king and married multiple wives, and at the same time he also thought that it was impossible for him to shoulder the country on his back and faced danger to his life.<br/>
After experiencing other world reincarnation, Masaharu came to think that his trifling life in Japan was something precious that he loved more than the other world reincarnation that he dreamed of.<br/>
Human couldn’t become a hero just by possessing knowledge or strength.<br/>
Depending on the person, being given the caliber of hero could become nothing but misfortune.<br/>
Exactly like what happened to Baldr’s great grandfather Viktor and Valerie.<br/>
Having the caliber of a hero and being able to become a hero were two different things.<br/>
Masaharu now believed that the power of fate, of being chosen by the heaven was necessary for that.<br/>
Sanai who had witnessed people like Nobunaga, Hideyoshi, or Ieyasu who ruled the whole country from nearby was already aware of that fact since a long time ago. He could even proclaim that there was no samurai who didn’t believe in the mandate of heaven.<br/>
What should come would come. The two of them accepted that fact very naturally.<br/>
「W-what are you two saying──」<br/>
Tears gathered at the corner of Baldr’s eyes and he shook his head like an abandoned child.<br/>
It was as though he refused to accept something that he had understood rationally.<br/>
『It’s not like we came to dislike you Baldr. Even now we really think that we are three hearts in one body.』<br/>
The three of them were connected with a bond that surpassed family as equal existences who couldn’t hide anything from each other.<br/>
They still wanted to become Baldr’s strength even from here on, and it wasn’t a lie that they felt a sense of achievement from making something realized in this world.<br/>
However, it was also a fact that their heart felt slightly tired from continuing to be a vague existence like now.<br/>
And if they were told that their existence would lead this world to danger──<br/>
『Celebrate boy──』<br/>
Even though he could only hear the voice, it evoked the image of Sanai’s mean grin in his mind.<br/>
『We don’t have any flesh and blood. We art just a transient dream in the end, we art not alive. Even if it’s yer father or mother, when a wandering ghost art departing to nirvana, sending them off with a celebration is yer duty.』<br/>
Although they had their own ego, they could only interact with this world through Baldr. In other words they were like a ghost that clung on him.<br/>
Even if there was their will, their feeling in there, it couldn’t be called as living.<br/>
If Baldr really treasured them, then it was only compassion to send them off to nirvana in peace wasn’t it?<br/>
「You heartless man……saying that kind of lighthearted thing when you are going to leave me alone after coming this far……」<br/>
It was something trivial. It was something that he had already understood logically.<br/>
After seeing Baldr achieving so much and became a living legend, there was no way they wouldn’t wish to live a true life with their own body.<br/>
They had lived in the same body all this time until now ever since they came into consciousness in this world.<br/>
That bond and their compassion made the two of them continued to swallow the word of farewell until now. They hesitated to say their feeling that would become a heavy burden for Baldr.<br/>
But a path was opened right now.<br/>
Why did Sanai and Masaharu came to this world?<br/>
At this rate their continuing existence would become a heavy burden for this world. At the same time they were also shown the path to be reborn once more.<br/>
Their words that proactively urged Baldr toward that choice was also because of their thoughtfulness toward him.<br/>
Of course, Baldr was also aware of that.<br/>
If the two of them was going to be reborn as their true self next time whether it was at Japan or at this Aurelia continent, then Baldr had to send them off with celebration.<br/>
「Will we……meet again?」<br/>
『If I’m going to be reborn then this world will be better than Japan.』<br/>
『I wouldst not say any complain where I’m born as long as there is battle……』<br/>
『Although, my instinct told me that we wouldst not be able to easily reunite again……』<br/>
Baldr would keenly feel how correct Sanai’s instinct as warrior was in the near future.<br/>
.<br/>
The next day, Baldr hardened his resolve and agreed with Shue’s suggestion.<br/>
「I shall recognize the church’s vested rights, territory, and freedom of missionary work. But I won’t budge in regard to my demands for them to hand over the artifact and to stop their persecution toward beastman. This is my ultimatum.」<br/>
「Thank you very much. The world will be saved all thanks to your majesty’s resolute decision.」<br/>
Shue felt a heartfelt relieve at Baldr’s rational decision.<br/>
If Baldr refused to complete the seal, then the encroachment of other world wouldn’t stop even if Baldr was killed.<br/>
Her decision to gamble on the man called Baldr was correct.<br/>
The only thing left was to finalize the negotiation with the church.<br/>
Shue was already reaching out to several upper echelons of the church through Kadiros Kingdom. The intelligence agents under Augusto’s command had also penetrated as far as the church’s upper echelon quite deeply.<br/>
They would definitely win if they fought. The pope territory was already surrounded by the allied army of Trystovy Kingdom and Nordland Empire.<br/>
If the war dragged on any longer than this, the pope territory wouldn’t be able to avoid any decline because it lacked any industry. Because the church had been completely put in inferior position militarily, there were also several leaderships in the church who leaned toward peace.<br/>
Although the warhawk faction that still had high fighting spirit still existed, it didn’t seem like it would be that difficult to make the church accept their demands using threat and negotiation.<br/>
However no matter how much information they had gathered and how far their plans had advanced, they forgot that there was still thing that was completely beyond their reach.<br/>
That was the firm will of the pope himself. Both Shue and Augusto underestimated that factor.<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
 