[Landing: Isekai Tensei Soudouki v11c1](https://bakapervert.wordpress.com/2020/09/03/soudouki-v11c1/)
<br/><br/>
Soudouki Vol 11 Character Introduction (245 words) wordpress<br/>
Soudouki Vol 11 Chapter 1 (21845 words) wordpress<br/>
 
<br/>
[Article: Isekai Tensei Soudouki v11c1](https://bakapervert.wordpress.com/soudouki-vol-11-character-introduction/)
<br/><br/>
Other Character Introduction<br/>
.<br/>
Oka Sanai ………… The previous life of Baldr’s previous life. A stingy general from Warring States era.<br/>
Oka Masaharu ………… Baldr’s previous life. A high school student of modern japan.<br/>
.<br/>
Seyruun ………… Baldr’s fiancée. A childhood friend and a maid.<br/>
Selina ………… Baldr’s fiancée. Dog-eared race. The president of Cornelius Company.<br/>
Rachel ………… Baldr’s fiancée. Formerly the second princess of Mauricia Kingdom.<br/>
.<br/>
Satsuki ………… The princess shrine maiden of Gartlake Kingdom. A warrior of the cat-eared tribe.<br/>
Teresa ………… The crown princess of Sanjuan Kingdom. Baldr’s childhood friend.<br/>
.<br/>
Ignis Cornelius ………… Baldr’s father. A noble at remote region who was famous for his military prowess.<br/>
Maggot Cornelius ………… Baldr’s mother. The strongest mercenary.<br/>
Nigel ………… Baldr’s little brother. Marguerite’s twin.<br/>
Marguerite ………… Baldr’s little sister. Nigel’s twin.<br/>
.<br/>
Gina Bjorg ………… Maggot’s grandmother. The war god of beastman race.<br/>
Gitze Mannerheim ………… The inspector general of Nordland Empire army’s cavalry.<br/>
.<br/>
Bernardi ………… The crown prince of Trystovy Dukedom.<br/>
.<br/>
Caolila Basque ………… Valerie’s confidant. An expert assassin.<br/>
Idunn ………… Valerie’s wife. A dog-eared race who was born in Nordland Empire.<br/>
Barbarino Zanariderri ………… One of the Seven Elders. The admiral of the guild’s armada.<br/>
.<br/>
Federigo Romano ………… The commander of the first fleet of the dukedom’s navy.<br/>
Percival ………… The commander of Answerer Kingdom’s expedition fleet.<br/>
Domitory ………… The captain of the flagship of Answerer Kingdom’s expedition fleet.<br/>
.<br/>
Spinoza Fiorentina ………… An authority in Trystovy Dukedom.<br/>
Maurice ………… Spinoza’s eldest son. A heir who had great expectation placed on him.<br/>
.<br/>
Sylva ………… The staff officer of Trystovy Dukedom’s army. Olten’s right-hand man.<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
 