<br/>
Chapter 2 – A Contract With the Devil<br/>
.<br/>
Part 1<br/>
There was someone who immediately became infuriated the moment they heard the report about the assassination attempt on Franco.<br/>
It was the second queen Elena.<br/>
For Elena, who sees a dream of her son sitting on the throne after Abrego’s untimely death, Franco is an irreplaceable existence.<br/>
To give an example, what she was feeling right now was akin to something like her favorite jewel getting smashed. The hatred she felt was similar, but different from, that of a hatred born from a mother’s love towards her son who was almost killed.<br/>
However, Elena didn’t even notice that and fell into a deranged anger. Driven by her fury, she headed toward the private room of the first queen Maria with loud footsteps.<br/>
「How dare that woman try to kill Franco……!」<br/>
This was Elena’s last chance to clear up the humiliation she received from Maria.<br/>
If Franco lost in the strife for the throne and Pedro was crowned as king, it would make Elena feel like her life belonged to the group known as losers.<br/>
Elena also called out to the noble ladies of her faction who she passed along the way. Perhaps it was an act that was driven by her defensive instinct to form a large group like this before charging into Maria’s living room.<br/>
「So this is where the scoundrel who harmed my son is hiding-!」<br/>
Elena intended to use this chance to give Maria a very selfish ultimatum that told her to go back to her home country, but it wasn’t Maria who was waiting inside the room she intruded into.<br/>
「Hm……? Is it proper manners in the Sanjuan Kingdom to trespass into the queen’s living room without even any previous announcement?」<br/>
There was a tall and bold woman inside.<br/>
She had a beautiful and dignified bearing, yet she also had the appearance of a brave woman that gave off the aura of a soldier with the scorched smell of the battlefield around her.<br/>
Although this woman’s appearance pressured Elena, she still gave an overbearing speech.<br/>
「I have no business with a lowly woman like you. Bring Maria out here right away!」<br/>
Elena’s arrogant attitude looked as though she completely believed that her demand would be obeyed without question. The woman naturally laughed at her with a disdainful gaze.<br/>
「I don’t think I can grant your demand there. Isn’t it you who doesn’t know their place? With what kind of authority do you dare to give an order to her majesty the first queen?」<br/>
「Did you know that woman ordered for my son to be killed? She has no more authority as a queen, or anything else, after carrying out such an outrageous act!」<br/>
「──How shallow. His majesty the king has already proclaimed the innocence of Maria-sama. You won’t be able to blame anybody else but yourself if you’re charged with treason for going against his majesty’s words by saying that.」<br/>
「What did you say?」<br/>
Elena’s eyes opened as wide as saucers. Hearing that the king had proclaimed Maria’s innocence was like a bolt from the blue for her.<br/>
「Maria-sama is currently in the middle of resting with his majesty in the white phoenix palace. If you get it, then get out already.」<br/>
It seemed that it was now impossible to question Maria openly about this case. Elena was forced to accept that. However, that didn’t mean she had the slightest intention to just withdraw quietly like this.<br/>
「Who in the world are you? To act so rudely towards a noble lady……do you think that you’ll be able to get away lightly after such offense?」<br/>
The woman treated even that indignation of Elena like a mere passing breeze. The smile on her lips didn’t vanish.<br/>
Rather, the woman threw out her chest arrogantly and she stood in front of Elena with a condescending gaze as though to provoke her.<br/>
The woman’s height might reach 180 cm. Elena instinctually felt fear when looking up at the woman from nearby and she was unable to stop her feet from backing away.<br/>
「……Your majesty the second queen, I recommend that you learn about the royal court politics a bit more. I am La Condesafemale count Urraca de Parma(ウラカ・デ・パルマ), the navy minister of Majorca Kingdom. Pleased to make your acquaintance.」<br/>
One of Elena’s hangers-on, a countess muttered in shock at the name that she recognized.<br/>
「……The Black StormTormenta Negra……」<br/>
「Well, some people also call me that.」<br/>
(This woman is that──!?)<br/>
Even Elena, who was ignorant of the international situation, had heard that name before.<br/>
It was when the navy of Sanjuan Kingdom that was led by Carlos suffered complete defeat against the Trystovy Dukedom’s armada.<br/>
Trystovy Kingdom then went with the momentum and had planned to occupy Majorca Kingdom and the half-besieged Sanjuan Kingdom.<br/>
<br/>
At that time, Majorca Kingdom was thought of as a mere small island country. But then, a terrifying commander led the kingdom’s armada and destroyed the invading armada of Trystovy. It was Urraca.<br/>
An attack was launched on the Trystovy armada in the middle of a violent storm and they fell into chaos. In the end, almost the whole armada was helplessly turned into scraps under the sea.<br/>
This battle was called the Naval Battle of Marmara later on. It was unknown who the first person was to coin the nickname, but Urraca, who transformed that stormy night into a tragedy for Trystovy with her long black hair whipping in the wind was called the Tormenta Negra forevermore.<br/>
「My lord isn’t his majesty Carlos, to say nothing of a mere second queen like you. Do you have any cause to hand down punishment to me?」<br/>
Hearing that, Elena turned around with a rough huff without being able to clear away her resentment.<br/>
「──Good grief. His majesty Carlos must be troubled too, to have that kind of wife.」<br/>
The successor problem of Sanjuan Kingdom wasn’t just another person’s problem for the Majorca Kingdom.<br/>
It wasn’t like they wanted Prince Pedro to be the one on the throne no matter what, but at the very least they wanted to avoid Elena being in a position where she could throw her weight around. In that case, they couldn’t help but oppose Prince Franco’s enthronement. Urraca naturally agreed with that.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 2<br/>
The fact that Prince Franco was almost assassinated caused a serious disturbance in the Sanjuan Kingdom.<br/>
The king and the nobles were forced to realize once more that the dispute for the throne had intensified to such a degree.<br/>
However, the problem wasn’t so simple that it could be calmed down so easily.<br/>
Each of the princes had their own powerful faction. Depending on how this matter was taken care of, it was possible that the Sanjuan Kingdom would also fall into a civil war like its neighboring country Trystovy.<br/>
.<br/>
「The faction of that dirty bitch can’t be allowed to act as they please even more than this!」<br/>
Naturally, it was Elena who was the most furious and decided one-sidedly that Franco’s assassination attempt was the work of Pedro faction.<br/>
The bureaucrats and nobles who intended to use Franco as their figurehead to oppose the military also agreed with her opinion.<br/>
And so, Elena rashly attempted to remove Pedro with brute force. But her father, Duke Stefan de Cordoba(ステファン・デ・コルドバ) just barely managed to hold her back.<br/>
He was also a powerful authority within the kingdom and understood that in the worst case, the kingdom would immediately fall into civil war on the day his daughter acted rashly and used brute force.<br/>
At present, there was a report that around a regiment of the navy’s land force had been preparing for war since yesterday.<br/>
Stefan thought that things really weren’t going as he wished.<br/>
There was also a moment when he had a dream that he would wield authority as the kingdom’s regent when Abrego died from disease, but in reality there were too many problems piling up like a mountain.<br/>
Stefan had no intention of doing something so dangerous that it could bring destruction with a single incorrect step.<br/>
Cordoba House was the noblest family after the royal family in the Sanjuan Kingdom, with strong influence.<br/>
He planned to peacefully put Franco on the throne using steady maneuvers from the majority faction, without intentionally taking any risk that might cause something like civil war.<br/>
However, her father’s cautious approach was making Elena’s dissatisfaction worse.<br/>
「How weak-minded! Is there no true knight who is lamenting the current situation of the kingdom!」<br/>
Elena was enraged, but her influence didn’t amount to much without the proactive help from her father.<br/>
In addition, a situation that blew away her anger instantly had just occurred.<br/>
In a shocking turn of events, Franco proclaimed his engagement with Teresa, a daughter of a viscount from Mauricia Kingdom.<br/>
.<br/>
「We’re going to marry!」<br/>
「Eh?」<br/>
「Eh?」<br/>
Stupid sounding voices leaked out from the mouths of both the king Carlos and Baldr in harmony towards the pair who was dropping that bomb with a bright smile.<br/>
What the hell is this guy saying so suddenly? Either Carlos or Baldr, or perhaps the both of them might be having such thoughts. But setting them aside, the two who were making this proclamation under the watch of the prime minister and the ministers were completely serious.<br/>
「──I can’t think of anybody else more fitting to be my wife than Teresa. Your majesty, please grant us your blessing for this marriage.」<br/>
「Please wait a second, your highness! It’s impossible to decide such important matters so suddenly like this!」<br/>
The prime minister interrupted in a panic, but Franco only smiled calmly without any concern at all.<br/>
He had known from the start that he was acting illogically.<br/>
「I know from the start that I’m acting unreasonably. Even so, prime minister, I already can’t stop loving Teresa. It’s fine even if you oppose this marriage. However, please do so with the awareness that you will turn me into your enemy with that.」<br/>
Franco’s words were spoken with decisiveness. It released an uncontrollable mayhem inside the palace.<br/>
After all was said and done, Franco’s power base was the bureaucratic nobles within the country.<br/>
Their objective was to reject the bloodline of other countries like Mauricia Kingdom and whittle away the influence of the military that had expanded considerably. And yet if they were forced to welcome a woman from Mauricia Kingdom, and what’s more a woman who was just a daughter of a viscount as a queen, it made them wonder just why they were supporting Franco then?<br/>
Franco’s proclamation was the same as committing a political suicide. Baldr was staring in a daze at empty air with his soul floating out from his mouth……<br/>
「Hehehe……I’m burning out. Everything is pure white……」<br/>
「As expected, this is just pitiful.」<br/>
Baldr’s back looked as if it were smoldering, as though the world had come to an end for him. Brooks hugged his shoulder to console him.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 3<br/>
「──Is hoping for you to at least warn me beforehand too much to ask, Teresa?」<br/>
「Sorry. It was to fire up ourselves, to make the declaration of war……we thought it was a necessary ritual to make up our mind.」<br/>
As expected, Teresa seemed to think that she was in the wrong and honestly lowered her head towards Baldr who had veins bulging on his forehead.<br/>
「Don’t blame Teresa for this. This is mostly because of my selfishness.」<br/>
When Franco immediately covered up for Teresa like that, a comedic love aura began to flow between Teresa and Franco once more. This was what people often meant when they said that love is blind.<br/>
「Personally, I’m happy that Teresa found someone who will take her. However if Franco, is going to marry Teresa who came from Mauricia, I’ll be troubled if you don’t become the next king……」<br/>
Certainly it was a happy matter for Baldr that his childhood friend was going to marry.<br/>
However, if Pedro was the one who became the king while Franco was marrying Teresa, in the worst case that Pedro treated Franco with hostility, it would force a large burden on Mauricia both politically and militarily.<br/>
For Baldr who was dispatched here as an ambassador of Mauricia Kingdom, this was a serious matter that concerned him very much.<br/>
「Of course I understand your position. However, in order for me to marry Teresa and make her my queen, it won’t be a good plan for me to ascend to the throne by becoming indebted to the nobles. In other words──I don’t desire to ascend to the throne with the help of the nobles to suppress the military. After all, by doing that I’m only going to grant them the power to oppose my decision to take Teresa as my queen.」<br/>
「…………Hou.」<br/>
This prince was more thoughtful about the future than he thought.<br/>
Baldr realized that he had to revise the way he looked at Franco.<br/>
As expected, the education of how to govern as a monarch that had been taught to Franco since he was just a child had permeated deep into the prince’s flesh and blood.<br/>
「I too am not simply acting recklessly without any chances of success……in line with this, Baldr, I have a request that I want to ask from you……」<br/>
Just when Franco was going to continue, the door was opened violently and a woman appeared with a face that distorted in anger just like a demon’s.<br/>
It was Franco’s mother, Elena.<br/>
Even the cosmetic that she had put up with effort was peeling off from her sweat. It appeared that Franco’s proclamation had shaken Elena greatly.<br/>
「──Where is the thieving cat who led my adorable Franco astrayyyy?」<br/>
Elena glared with wide opened eyes and disheveled hair. That terrifying expression made Baldr almost escape from reality for a moment. However, due to his position, it was impossible to ignore this woman or to drive her out forcefully.<br/>
When Elena received a report from her maid that her son declared he would marry a Mauricia noble’s daughter, Elena didn’t believe it at all.<br/>
That was only natural.<br/>
At the very least, based on what Elena knew, Franco was a very obedient young man to his parents without much self-assertion.<br/>
In addition, he was highly evaluated as a prince who understood the proper social etiquette for royalty, and a hard worker in both his studies and martial arts. He was renowned as a talented prince with accomplishments in both the literary and military arts.<br/>
His faction was also sounding out about the possibility of him getting engaged with the third princess of Mauricia. Him getting engaged with a mere daughter of a viscount was an insane affair.<br/>
「Franco! What could you be thinking? Your mother won’t allow you to marry with a dirty bitch from a mere viscount house!」<br/>
「I ask mother to stop your insults to Teresa. I won’t forgive you, even if you are the mother who shared your blood with me.」<br/>
Franco firmly denied his mother’s insistence with a stern tone that broke no argument.<br/>
「How can you……!」<br/>
Elena must be unable to break free from her impression of Franco as an obedient and docile son. She turned speechless by Franco’s unexpected reply.<br/>
「Open your eyes, Franco. You are the person who will become the next king of the Sanjuan Kingdom. You mustn’t bring yourself down even lower than this.」<br/>
「If marrying Teresa will make others show contempt for me, then I have no need for something like the throne. Perhaps I should personally yield the right to inherit the throne to Pedro instead.」<br/>
「D-don’t be rash, Franco! Do you understand what you’re saying right now?」<br/>
Elena could only look aghast at her son’s words.<br/>
Until now, Elena believed from the bottom of her heart that Franco himself wished to become king.<br/>
The throne that was the symbol of a country’s authority and would enable the one sitting on it to wield immense power. Such a thing should be more attractive than anything in this world. Even Franco would open his eyes if he understood that he might lose the throne……Elena who was blinded by the throne was naturally thinking like that.<br/>
For her son to be prepared to abandon his right to inherit the throne for the sake of a woman, it was something that was completely outside her imagination.<br/>
「C-calm down. It will be too late if you regret it later you know? The king, you are only a step away from being able to become the king.」<br/>
It was the position that anyone desired, wasn’t it──Elena was flustered because something that was a natural common sense for her was crumbling.<br/>
In order for her ambition to become reality, she absolutely needed Franco to ascend to the throne.<br/>
「The throne is nothing but a burden for me. I have never wished for such a thing even once after I was old enough to think for myself.」<br/>
──Although he intentionally didn’t say the continuation of his sentence, 「Though I’ll take it by force if it’s necessary for me to marry Teresa」.<br/>
Certainly the position of king was simply a burden for him since the time he became aware of his true nature.<br/>
Franco recalled his days of thinking foolish thoughts of why he had to be born as a royalty.<br/>
He also recalled the figure of his mother who continued to tediously whisper curses toward the first queen Maria.<br/>
He couldn’t see the throne as something attractive at all.<br/>
「Are you touched in the head? Aa, it must be the vixen over there who make you strange like this, isn’t it?」<br/>
Elena distorted Franco’s words to a direction that was convenient for herself.<br/>
Because that was the only way available for herself in order for her to maintain her identity.<br/>
Elena moved to grab at Teresa in a fit of anger, but Franco spoke the words that became a finishing blow.<br/>
「Please leave. If not, I shall seek an audience with the king immediately and renounce my right to inherit the throne.」<br/>
A chilling shudder ran through Elena’s back.<br/>
It was as though she was seeing her son being replaced by a monster that only had the same appearance as him.<br/>
Elena couldn’t comprehend how a creature that didn’t wish to be king could exist.<br/>
「Kuh……don’t think that this is the end!」<br/>
Everything would be over if Franco relinquished his right to inherit here.<br/>
No matter how great her dissatisfaction was, Elena already had no other way out except withdrawing here.<br/>
Elena glared at Teresa with all her resentment before she left Franco’s room indignantly with loud footsteps.<br/>
「Good grief, I have shown you something unsightly just now, Teresa.」<br/>
「I’m already prepared to go through at least this much. There is no changing the fact that that person will be my mother-in-law, after all.」<br/>
(Tsk……it’s nice how carefree a muscle brain can be.)<br/>
Baldr just barely held himself from clicking his tongue.<br/>
This prince was a wolf in sheep’s clothing that surpassed his imagination.<br/>
It seems like there was a reason the viceroy of Malaga, Rodriguez praised the caliber of the second prince.<br/>
There was a clear power hierarchy between the prince and the queen in the conversation just now. The cause of that hierarchy came from how Franco wasn’t fixated on the throne at all while Elena was completely fixated.<br/>
Most likely, Franco was seriously thinking that it was fine even if he didn’t become a king as long as he was able to marry Teresa.<br/>
Certainly Baldr couldn’t help but shudder when he tried imagining Franco’s feelings if he ascended to the throne as king while still being tormented with his gender identity disorder by himself.<br/>
But Franco who tried to become a king without any resolve, using his own unhappiness as a weapon, was also an unstable existence even from an outsider’s perspective.<br/>
A lord who was in the position to order his subordinates to die had obligations and dignity that had to be carried out.<br/>
Even if right now the country was peaceful without any war, Sanai who was within Baldr wouldn’t want to serve a lord who didn’t understand how to rule from above countless corpses.<br/>
『…………Don’t ye act spoiled, lad.』<br/>
「──What is it?」<br/>
Franco, who couldn’t understand the words that Baldr whispered, asked back with a puzzled look.<br/>
Baldr really wanted to wish for the happiness of Teresa’s love life, but he also didn’t have the responsibility to one-sidedly fret about this matter. It would be impossible for Baldr to recognize Franco as a comrade-in-arms if he didn’t ask him to risk his life too.<br/>
「Certainly it’s her majesty Elena’s wish for you to ascend to the throne, and we ourselves also wish the same from you. Perhaps it’s only a natural matter for you that we’re supporting you for the sake of our own interests──」<br/>
However, if Franco was thinking that he could just abandon his right to inherit when push came to shove, then that thinking was too naïve.<br/>
Perhaps the throne didn’t have that much worth for Franco, but for most people, they wouldn’t hesitate to sacrifice anything in their desire to obtain it.<br/>
「However, I ask your highness to consider it once more right now. If your highness really abandons your right of inheritance, will you really be able to live in peace after that? After his highness Pedro ascends to the throne, will the military that is supporting him really leave your highness Franco alone? If a child is born between your highness and Teresa, that child will have a right to inherit the throne. Is there any guarantee that the military who wants to prevent the nobles from making a comeback won’t plot your assassination?」<br/>
Baldr’s words made Franco’s face go pale. It seemed he hadn’t thought until that far.<br/>
「It’s not like I have any intention to get in Pedro’s way──」<br/>
「Certainly your highness and Prince Pedro have a good relationship. However, it’s exactly because you two have such a good relationship that his highness Pedro’s subordinates might look at your highness Franco with jealousy. Though it will be a different matter if your highness also has a good relationship with Prince Pedro’s subordinates.」<br/>
Franco who wasn’t a fool by any means finally realized just how dangerous the position he was placed in was. Or perhaps he had actually realized, and only pretended not to until now.<br/>
Perhaps his dream of starting a new life with Teresa made him want to avert his eyes from the reality that he had to manage the political strife where blood was washed with blood.<br/>
「Besides, will the nobles who support your highness just stand and watch quietly? What if they try to assassinate Teresa in order to make your highness open your eyes? Pardon my rudeness, but in such a case the greatest suspect will be her majesty Elena.」<br/>
「……Aah, I understand. I understand now. Regardless of whether I ascend to the throne or not, without winning this political strife, I won’t be able to even wish for a normal life where I can love my wife and cherish my children. That’s what you want to say, right?」<br/>
「──I’m in awe of your highness’s discernment.」<br/>
After everything was said and done, to live was to fight regardless of what shape it took.<br/>
And that was even truer for those who were born as royalty.<br/>
Perhaps there would be no need to fight if he simply became a puppet, but that was synonymous of him being killed by other people.<br/>
If Franco seriously wished to remain married for life with the woman he loved, he needed to at least have the backbone to grab the throne no matter what, even if he had to kill his own father. The heavens sometimes loved such outrageous sentiment.<br/>
Sanai vividly recalled the words that were spouted by his colleague, an eccentric named Maeda Keijirou, who was renowned as the nice guy of the Warring States period.<br/>
『──Outrageousness can move the heavens.』<br/>
If someone wanted to persist with their obstinacy till the end, if someone had a beloved one that they wanted to protect no matter what, there would be times when they had to risk their whole being and crush the wall of common sense.<br/>
Although that might be just the unshakable pride of an eccentric warrior who lived in the Warring States era.<br/>
「If you want Teresa, if you want to prove yourself to your mother who won’t even look at your true self, then your only choice is to fight and win. Do you have the resolve for that, Franco?」<br/>
Baldr’s tone changed.<br/>
Franco, who was finally called by his name, gulped at the change of Baldr’s expression.<br/>
I’ll lend you my strength if you have the resolve. I’ll abandon you if you don’t have it──Franco understood that Baldr was implicitly telling him that.<br/>
It would be impossible for Baldr to make such a choice if he was a normal ambassador.<br/>
However it was the nature of a warrior to be able to risk their life for that impossible choice, it was also the essence of a warrior.<br/>
Franco sensed that not with logic but with his instinct.<br/>
「I wish for both this kingdom’s future and also Teresa. I don’t care how much I have to dirty my hands for them.」<br/>
Baldr broke into a smile at Franco’s declaration.<br/>
It was a devilish looking smile, like Mephistopheles who was watching doctor Faust sign the contract.<br/>
「Very good. Then first, let’s have you investigate Queen Elena. She will surely let her guard down against her own son, after all. That person is undoubtedly planning something no good──though it’ll be another matter whether she will succeed or not. We will seize the proof of her scheme.」<br/>
「I think that Haha-ue’s political influence isn’t as much as she believes, though……」<br/>
「It’s conventional wisdom that a daughter’s misconduct is the parent’s responsibility. Our true target is Duke Cordoba. Depending on the situation, even Duke Cordoba’s house might also become implicated with Queen Elena and punished together──then, you can tell him to lend you his strength to manage the nobles if he doesn’t want that to happen.」<br/>
In case Elena planned to assassinate Pedro and used the duke’s connections to arrange it, then naturally her father Duke Cordoba would also not be exempt from being sentenced.<br/>
It was truly an outrageousness among outrageousness. Baldr was telling Franco to use that as a shield to threaten his grandfather.<br/>
「I’m surprised……though I have thought from the start that there is no way Teresa’s friend can be normal.」<br/>
「There is also an idiot(Keijirou) who thought of losing a battle as fun but……for a warrior who is serving a lord, there is no meaning in a war that you lose. If you are a warrior then enjoy battle where you fight to win──well, I guess you won’t understand even if I say that.」<br/>
Baldr cackled. Franco thought from the bottom of his heart that he didn’t want to turn him into an enemy.<br/>
Baldr was a different existence from him in a fundamental part somewhere as a human. No matter how hard Franco thought, he couldn’t imagine himself winning against Baldr as an opponent in battle.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 4<br/>
The military minister Santacruz couldn’t sleep at night after hearing the report that the assassination of Prince Franco he ordered Bartholomeo to carry out ended in failure.<br/>
In just several days his cheeks had turned hollow and his skin was losing its complexion. He looked like a sick person.<br/>
The assassination attempt on a member of royalty was weighing him mentally by that much.<br/>
His uneasiness was also clear from his action of dispatching a regiment of marines to the capital in an emergency.<br/>
On the surface, the soldier dispatch was for maintaining the public order in the capital after the assassination attempt on the prince, but he also intended to cause a military coup and put Pedro on the throne in case he was prosecuted as the culprit.<br/>
However, Santacruz was also aware that it would be a really bad gamble if he pulled a coup while King Carlos was still in good health.<br/>
It didn’t matter even if he was the highest ranked leader of the military, the right to appoint and dismiss the military minister was in the king’s possession. The majority of the military’s soldiers also swore their loyalty to the king rather than him.<br/>
There wasn’t any evidence at all connecting Bartholomeo and Santacruz that could prove he was the one that gave the order for assassination.<br/>
Santacruz believed that he had been very careful to not leave any such proof.<br/>
However, everything would be over if a large-scale investigation was carried out and Bartholomeo was captured.<br/>
Santacruz couldn’t possibly openly order his men to cut corners in their investigation. Santacruz had no one to share his worries with right now.<br/>
「──I can’t also possibly cut ties with him, huh……」<br/>
Wouldn’t it be better if he buried Bartholomeo and his men into the darkness? Santacruz considered that, but such a plan couldn’t be described as realistic.<br/>
First, the forces that Santacruz could mobilize other than Bartholomeo were only the regular soldiers. It was impossible for them to do anything covert.<br/>
And then most importantly, his attempt would only be foiled if he tried to do anything with insufficient numbers.<br/>
The assassins under Bartholomeo’s command were excellent combatants.<br/>
To be honest, he wanted to kill that man quickly.<br/>
If he could kill that guy before he said anything unnecessary, there shouldn’t be anything left that could connect him to Bartholomeo.<br/>
However, he had no way to do that.<br/>
Therefore, Santacruz had no other choice to help himself other than to continue using that man despite knowing the danger, and splendidly try to lead Pedro into becoming king.<br/>
「However, can that guy really kill his highness Franco……?」<br/>
The security organization of Sanjuan Kingdom also wasn’t so foolish that they would fail in their task a second time.<br/>
He would have to prepare a force that couldn’t possibly fail even in the worst case for the next attempt.<br/>
Although it would be Bartholomeo who executed the attempt and not Santacruz. That fact was unbearably vexing for Santacruz.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 5<br/>
「Good grief, is our navy going to be okay like this……」<br/>
The navy minister Jose Liberiano(ホセ・リベリアーノ) drank a cold wine without hiding his melancholy in his grumbling.<br/>
He was in the middle of his forties, but even so his face looked young, like he was still in his early thirties. His skin was relatively white for a man of the sea. His appearance could be described as effeminate.<br/>
He gave an impression that was more of a scholar rather than a military officer, but when he was leading an armada, there was nobody who could beat him within the navy.<br/>
Jose was feared as the Demon of Lepanto among the pirates who used Marmara Sea as their domain. Because he was a capable man despite his lazy attitude, he couldn’t help but feel apprehensions toward the present political crisis.<br/>
A discerning man like him was naturally aware of Santacruz’s motives to a certain degree.<br/>
He didn’t have a problem with Santacruz’s strategy itself to maintain the military’s influence in the political administration by supporting Pedro in becoming king. But doing something as drastic as assassinating Franco and then launching a military coup d’etat, the effect on the military when those failed would be fatal.<br/>
When Jose thought of those risks, it made him hold doubt towards Santacruz’s capability as the leader of the military with his extreme methods.<br/>
The reason Jose didn’t express his true feelings openly wasn’t just because he was more of a military officer rather than a politician. It was also because he was originally a commoner, so he was excluded from the main faction within the military.<br/>
But even then he was able to stand at the top of the navy because he was an excellent commander and military administrator. Furthermore, he was also acting as a temporary liaison that balanced the factional infighting within the military.<br/>
Because of such a coincidence, Jose now found himself within his current predicament. He couldn’t bear his current situation.<br/>
Then he heard a reserved knocking sound and a young man who served as Jose’s subordinate then appeared. Perhaps it was just his imagination, but his subordinate seemed like he was looking pale.<br/>
「Your excellency, there is a request for a meeting. How should I answer them?」<br/>
「A request for a meeting with me instead of the military minister? Who in the world is this curious person asking for meeting?」<br/>
「This person carry an introduction letter of the second prince with him…………」<br/>
「What did you say?」<br/>
Jose immediately thought whether he should refuse with hesitation.<br/>
The culprit wasn’t clear, but most likely it was about the irregular squad working directly under the military minister that attacked Franco. There was no reason for Santacruz to be looking that scared right now if that wasn’t the case.<br/>
If he was unlucky, it was possible that this person was coming to question the military regarding that.<br/>
Even so, it would also be a problem if he refused to meet here.<br/>
If he chased away the second prince’s messenger without even hearing their reason for coming here, it would be like confirming their suspicions of the military.<br/>
(But why are they coming to me of all people……)<br/>
Jose stopped himself from grumbling and replied to his subordinate.<br/>
「──It can’t be helped. I’ll accept their request. However, allow only one person into the meeting. I won’t allow any guards or aides to accompany the messenger.」<br/>
「Understood.」<br/>
(What if I just bring them to the military minister directly……though if I do something like that, I don’t know what the minister will do in his current fearful state.)<br/>
Most likely this visitor was also having the same thoughts. Jose scowled secretly at the short straw that he drew from completely out of nowhere.<br/>
.<br/>
「My apologies for asking to meet your excellency so suddenly like this, Navy Minister Jose. My name is Baron Baldr Severn Cornelius. It’s my honor to make your acquaintance.」<br/>
A very unexpected troublesome character had come to him. Jose wanted to curse his bad luck and god.<br/>
Of all people, it was the person who defeated the assassin in the failed assassination attempt who came here.<br/>
「You are the lord baron who came from Mauricia Kingdom as an ambassador. Why do you have the second prince’s introduction letter with you, lord baron?」<br/>
「I think your excellency must have heard, the woman who his highness wishes to marry is a knight of Mauricia and also my childhood friend at the same time. And so his highness turned for help to me, who had been slightly useful to him in the incident the other day.」<br/>
──I think it would be less problematic if only you didn’t do anything unnecessary and just let Prince Franco get killed, though.<br/>
That was Jose’s true feelings, but he didn’t change his expression in front of Baldr and only smiled pleasantly. As expected he wouldn’t be able to serve as the navy minister without being able to wear a poker face of this level.<br/>
「As for my reason for visiting here today, it’s nothing other than to dispel the misunderstanding of the military toward his highness Franco.」<br/>
「Misunderstanding……is it?」<br/>
Jose couldn’t grasp what Baldr’s intention was and felt perplexed.<br/>
「Indeed. It seems that there is a rumor among the public that his highness Franco is representing the interest of the royal court nobles including Duke Cordoba, and that he will reduce the budget for the military when his highness ascends to the throne. However, this is a great misunderstanding.」<br/>
「This is the first time I have heard of that. If you lord baron speaks the truth then it’s really a shocking matter but……why are you telling that to me?」<br/>
His words just now were half lying. Jose had also heard how Franco became smitten with a noble daughter from Mauricia and that he almost lost the support from the nobles.<br/>
Therefore, it was also possible that Franco was now trying to butter up the military instead. But he didn’t understand the reason why that kind of talk was brought to him.<br/>
Then Baldr asked as though he was reading Jose’s heart.<br/>
「──Is your excellency perhaps thinking that his highness is trying to switch sides because the nobles are withdrawing their support?」<br/>
「How can that be, such insolent thinking doesn’t exist at the slightest in my mind. However, I think it’s a fact that currently his highness Franco is losing support from the nobles.」<br/>
「It might look like that, but that’s not the case. The great nobles starting from Duke Cordoba are still supporting his highness Franco just like before. As long as the great nobles haven’t changed their stance, the nobles below them will also follow.」<br/>
Here Jose spontaneously made a doubtful expression, although he didn’t intend to. He felt an eeriness from how he couldn’t understand Baldr’s intentions.<br/>
If Franco had the support of the nobles, approaching the military like this would only bring the opposite effect.<br/>
Certainly Franco would definitely obtain the position as the crown prince if he was able to get both the nobles and the military to support him, but most likely it would be impossible even for the king to compromise to the point that the interests of both sides would match.<br/>
「Now I find this even more difficult to understand. There is no need for you, lord baron, to visit the likes of me at all if that’s the case.」<br/>
Even Jose who was treating politics like it was another person’s problem still had attachment to the military. He would represent the military’s interests no matter what. If Franco thought that Jose would betray the military minster and change sides to his faction, then he could only call that an absurd miscalculation.<br/>
「Then, does your excellency think that his excellency the military minister will really listen to what I have to say?」<br/>
「…………Of course his excellency will rejoice, to hear what the lord baron has just told me.」<br/>
He was lying. Jose thought that it would be impossible for Santacruz to believe this talk.<br/>
However, that was only because there was a fact that Santacruz plotted to assassinate Franco. On the surface Santacruz should have the composure to at least listen to Franco’s proposal.<br/>
If Jose agreed with Baldr’s words here, it would be the same as confessing that the military was behind the attempt on Franco’s life.<br/>
「──Unfortunately, far from being able to have a meeting with the military minister, I was unable to even have his excellency accept a letter from me.」<br/>
(Military minister, just what in the world are you doing!)<br/>
Jose cursed inside his heart.<br/>
At the very least, that wasn’t the action someone being placed under suspicion should take.The military minister should act brazenly instead, behaving like there was nothing that could be found even if he was investigated and make appeals towards his innocence.<br/>
「……We really appreciate the balanced sense of your excellency. Although your excellency is a commoner, very few people oppose your inauguration as the navy minister. The sense of security your excellency brings is the proof of your ability to deal with any problem in a practical and realistic manner. Even someone who prioritized the interests of their own faction above all else won’t hate someone who can make the proper evaluations.」<br/>
Currently, the internal military was split into two major factions.<br/>
The first faction was the armada faction that intended to improve the fighting strength of the navy and had a decisive battle with Trystovy Dukedom. The other faction was the conservative faction that wanted to prioritize subjugating the pirates and securing the safety of the merchant ships’ voyages, and also wished to set about opening up a new sea route.<br/>
When considering that the primary duty of the navy was to guard the merchant ships, the tenet of the conservative faction seemed to be the right one. However, the armada faction, which wished to destroy the Trystovy Dukedom which was historically an enemy of the Sanjuan Kingdom now that their navy had been weakened, was currently the mainstream faction in the navy.<br/>
However, after the death of the hero Diego, the armada faction lost their charismatic leader. Jose from the neutral faction was elevated to the post of navy minister in the interim while the young commanders were accumulating experience to be the minister navy in the future.<br/>
「Allow me to repeat, his highness Franco isn’t thinking of weakening the military──especially the navy. Rather, his highness is even thinking that the navy should be expanded. And it’s not just his highness who is thinking of that, our Mauricia Kingdom is also in agreement with that. I want your excellency to be aware of that.」<br/>
「Can I ask the reason why not only his highness, but also Mauricia Kingdom are wishing for the development of Sanjuan Kingdom’s navy?」<br/>
During this conversation, Jose’s expression that was like an onlooker talking about other people’s problems was gradually disappearing.<br/>
Based on his own instinct and experience, he realized that he had to seriously consider the effect that Baldr’s words would bring to the navy of the Sanjuan Kingdom. Furthermore, Baldr had also mentioned the intention of Mauricia Kingdom here. Treating this carelessly might lead to harming Sanjuan’s national interests.<br/>
Sanjuan Kingdom was a maritime country with outstanding naval force. The navy minister Jose belonged to the neutral faction, he possessed the capability to make a correct judgment for the sake of the military and the country’s interests instead of only his own faction.<br/>
That was why Baldr chose him as the high official of the military who should be persuaded.<br/>
*Clack*, Baldr took out a wooden device from his pocket and placed it in front of Jose.<br/>
「In the future it will become possible for ships to sail even further on the sea and go back and forth in even greater numbers. In proof of that, we have prepared this compass and a method to prevent scurvy for your country.」<br/>
.<br/>
The history of the compass’ development was old. In Masaharu’s knowledge, it was first developed in the eleventh century in China.<br/>
However, this compass was a simple thing where a magnet was placed in the middle of a hollow that was filled with water. It only became the practical weather-proof compass that could be used even in the middle of stormy weather when the suspended type compass was developed in the fifteenth century.<br/>
With this it became possible to accurately know the direction even under bad weather. This invention opened the curtain on the Age of Exploration.<br/>
Presently one of the reasons why the Sanjuan Kingdom couldn’t remove the pirates of the Marmara Sea was because of their lack of capability in navigating the open seas.<br/>
The small compass model that Baldr offered meant one of those problems was solved.<br/>
「D-do you understand, what it means by you providing us with this?」<br/>
Jose should have sensed that Baldr couldn’t be judged based on his age alone, even so he couldn’t help but ask that.<br/>
This small device was a groundbreaking invention that would lead the continent to a new era.<br/>
Jose who was a man of the sea by nature understood that to a painful degree.<br/>
Reaching another continent, until now it was nothing more than an adventure that only those with suicidal wishes would challenge, but now everyone could challenge it. That meant, all maritime nations would have to reform their way of living on a national level after this.<br/>
A nation who obtained this chance but couldn’t accept the change to come would only have a decline waiting for them.<br/>
「Mauricia Kingdom has no sea so……it’s desirable for us to have a reliable allied country in the possession of this tool. And then if we can export our country’s product through Sanjuan Kingdom, then the relationship between our two countries will be better than ever.」<br/>
At present Mauricia Kingdom had no plan to invade a maritime country.<br/>
In that case it could be said that it was necessary to strengthen their allied country’s fighting strength.<br/>
In addition there was also the circumstance of how Baldr and Selina were developing the spinning jenny secretly right now.<br/>
The spinning jenny was a spinning wheel with multiple spools, invented by James Hargreaves from England.<br/>
Because the machine allowed a single worker to handle more than eight spools, it drastically reduced the manufacturing time of string. It flourished as the star spinning machine until it was replaced by the spinning mule in the seventeenth century.<br/>
Originally James only got the idea when he accidentally discovered that there was no problem even when the spindle was placed vertically instead of horizontally, so technologically it wasn’t as complicated as the spinning mule that was invented in the future years. It seemed possible to somehow reinvent the spinning jenny even if Baldr only had Masaharu’s shallow knowledge about it.<br/>
If they could mass produce string in low price, naturally they would also need a market where they could sell it.<br/>
In that sense, the opening of a new overseas market by the Sanjuan Kingdom would also conform to the national interests of the Mauricia Kingdom.<br/>
Although Jose was struck with admiration in his heart by the strategic insight of Baldr despite his young age, he continued speaking.<br/>
「Then, about the method to prevent scurvy……」<br/>
This sickness still hadn’t been known widely, but Jose remembered hearing about that sickness from an ocean adventurer who attempted to do a long-term voyage.<br/>
「About that, sailors won’t contract scurvy if they continuously eat a certain food product that is sold by Savaran Company. I guarantee it. Though I won’t go as far as explaining how that can be the case.」<br/>
「Good grief……to think that the preventative measure isn’t a medicine but food.」<br/>
Scurvy was caused by a deficiency of vitamin C. The sickness was accompanied by bleeding from every organ within the body and before long, the patient would die.<br/>
On the ship that was sailing the open seas for a long period of time, the sailors couldn’t eat fresh vegetables and fruit because it was impossible to preserve them. They were forced to eat mainly animal protein from things like smoked meat and so on. Therefore, it became easy for all the sailors to contract disease.<br/>
Of course, in this continent people still hadn’t learned about the nutrient composition of food. Scurvy was treated as a strange disease that was the natural enemy of long term voyage.<br/>
「I never thought that this kind of invention would be brought from the Mauricia Kingdom that is located inland. To be honest, I want to obtain these things at all costs but……I too have to obey my organization’s order as a member of the military. What do you plan to do about that?」<br/>
Jose raised both his hands as though to show that he gave up already. He asked Baldr with an informal tone.<br/>
If it was this young man, then he must have thought of something to take care of something trivial like that.<br/>
「The fact that your excellency is supporting his highness Franco──that will be enough. Of course I’m not asking for this support from the whole navy, simply an opinion of Jose Liberiano personally will be sufficient. I believe that it won’t take that much time until all matters are settled.」<br/>
「I’m just a navy minister in name only, without any considerable faction of my own, though.」<br/>
「Your excellency underestimates yourself too much. Certainly, your excellency might not have any influence with the power struggle within the military. But I believe that the decision of an intellectual like yourself, who prioritizes logic rather than emotion, will greatly influence the upper echelons who harbor anxiety towards the recklessness of the military minister right now.」<br/>
Jose was evaluated as someone balanced and rational who wouldn’t make a high risk judgment. That was exactly why he was chosen as the navy minister despite not being affiliated with any faction.<br/>
If such a person was supporting Franco, many people would definitely think that he was supporting Franco not because he wished to get promoted or because he was bribed, but because he was frankly judging that it would be more advantageous to follow Franco.<br/>
Though it seemed Jose wasn’t aware that his own decision would be trusted in both a tangible and intangible shape to such a degree.<br/>
「Thank you for that valuable opinion. Don’t tell me that the lord baron is actually older than me?」<br/>
There were children who developed prematurely, but Baldr defied the accepted norms too much to be in such a category.<br/>
From their conversation just now, Jose even thought that he was facing an older grandfather who was making him dance on the top of his palm.<br/>
Of course there was no way such a thing could be true. Jose only intended to say that as a sarcastic joke in the end.<br/>
『This lad even has an old geezer who hath returned back from that world with him, after all.』<br/>
『Age doesn’t matter with a modern day cheat, after all……』<br/>
「──Just now, what did you say?」<br/>
「No, I was just saying that you can’t judge people based on their appearances.」<br/>
Baldr said that while bursting out laughing. His face only looked like a boy his age should look, as expected.<br/>
.<br/>
「……However, it won’t be enough with just that. Lord baron, you are underestimating the influence of the Majorca Kingdom on our navy too much.」<br/>
Baldr looked shaken for the first time by what Jose said. Baldr obviously hadn’t thought that far.<br/>
From the information that he obtained by having a friendly talk with Pedro, Baldr didn’t think that Majorca Kingdom’s influence on Sanjuan Kingdom was that strong.<br/>
「Perhaps it’s only natural that the lord isn’t aware seeing that you came from Mauricia Kingdom but……Majorca Kingdom’s support is indispensable in order to secure the control of Marmara Sea. Because it won’t be an exaggeration to say that our country is prevailing against Trystovy navy right now solely because of the existence of Majorca’s Tormenta Negra.」<br/>
「Tormenta Negra?」<br/>
(What’s with that naming that is tickling my chuunibyou?)<br/>
「With the death of Count Santos de Parma(サンチョス・デ・パルマ), a heroic woman ascended to the seat of the navy minister while she still hadn’t reached 21 years old. If I fight her with the same number of ships, I won’t have any chance of victory at all.」<br/>
「So the difference is that much……」<br/>
Contrary to Jose’s attitude that he was like a lazy person, he was an extremely scathing and merciless intellectual general.<br/>
Such a person was saying that he had zero chance of victory against someone. This chuunibyou woman must be an amazing prodigy.<br/>
「This is simply my personal suggestion but──」<br/>
There Jose paused with a mischievous grin.<br/>
「If you can defeat the pirates of Sanpaniradeon(サンパニラデオン), then I think it will be possible to obtain the support of not just her, but the whole Majorca Kingdom’s navy.」<br/>
.<br/>
Part 6<br/>
After the death of the eldest son Abrego who King Carlos V put his hopes on, it was heavily rumored that the king had completely lost his energy.<br/>
He had raised achievements that were worthy of putting him in the category of a wise ruler even in the history of the kingdom. He couldn’t be called as incompetent by any means with the discernment in his possession. But the death of his eldest son brought him great shock that put him into a complete lethargy.<br/>
Of course it wasn’t that he didn’t love Franco and Pedro.<br/>
The problem was that he wouldn’t be able to avoid a serious discord forming in the kingdom no matter who he chose between his two remaining sons.<br/>
If only he was a few years younger, Carlos might have taken action to correct the balance of power within the country for the sake of his sons even if he had to purge meritorious retainers who had served him for many years, but he already had neither the willpower or stamina that would allow him to do that.<br/>
「My body……has withered.」<br/>
Carlos mocked himself seeing his hand that had grown thin and worn out with wrinkles all over within such a short period of time.<br/>
Only the palace doctor and Carlos knew this, but Carlos’ body was already gnawed by sickness even before Abrego died.<br/>
Rapid decrease of weight and weakening of stamina……it only had one meaning. It was cancer.<br/>
If he was unlucky he wouldn’t even last for one year. Although Carlos was aware of that, there was a reason why he was unable to decide who would be the crown prince even now.<br/>
Speaking of ability, there was no doubt that Franco was more superior than Pedro. Even his apathy toward politics as though it was another person’s problem would change to some degree if he became the crown prince.<br/>
Carlos had spoiled Pedro a bit too much because he was the youngest son. Perhaps because of that Pedro was too good-natured and tended to immediately be carried away by what other people told him.<br/>
Perhaps there wouldn’t be any problem if he had a capable and loyal confidant beside him, but it wasn’t desirable at all for the nation to be controlled by a mere confidant’s capability.<br/>
Even after taking all those into account, a part of himself wished for Pedro to succeed him if it was possible.<br/>
The reason was──<br/>
*Cough* Carlos made a wet cough and his body bent forward. Then a chamberlain came toward Carlos and told him of a visitor’s arrival with worry in his face.<br/>
「His highness Franco is wishing to have an audience with your majesty. What should I tell him, your majesty?」<br/>
Carlos thought that it was unusual.<br/>
Since Franco grew up, he almost never talked with Franco personally except when the whole family was gathered.<br/>
Franco should be a son who gave face to the eldest son Abrego without getting too involved in politics in the past, but now he was asking him for an audience. He wondered if he had finally awakened to ambition.<br/>
「Very well, let him pass.」<br/>
「By your will.」<br/>
In the end how much Franco had changed and what would he demand? Depending on that, perhaps Carlos might be liberated from his worry today.<br/>
Even if it was for good or for bad, for happiness or for sorrow………….<br/>
.<br/>
「Chichi-ue, how is your health?」<br/>
Although Franco looked detached, he gave off an aura that Carlos never felt from him until now. Carlos heightened his wariness.<br/>
「…………There is nothing of concern.」<br/>
(Just what had happened to Franco?)<br/>
Carlos thought that even while replying naturally on the outside.<br/>
A king of a country couldn’t possibly say that he was afflicted with an incurable disease even if it was towards his own blood relative.<br/>
「You almost never visited until now, so why do you come at this time?」<br/>
Other than at the official functions, Franco had never visited his father alone even once during these several years. Rather, Franco was behaving quietly, as though he wished for the people around him to forget about his existence.<br/>
When Abrego was still in good health, he was the second son who accepted being a spare just in case something happened to the eldest son and performed everything flawlessly. Carlos noticed how Franco was hiding a talent that rivaled Abrego from that.<br/>
But at the same time, he also thought that this son’s personality wasn’t suited to be a king.<br/>
Being ambitionless was a virtue for retainers, but it was a little bit problematic for a king to have such a personality.<br/>
The position of king brought pressure and loneliness with it. Someone without ambition or objective wouldn’t be able to bear it unless they were mandated to be king since they were born and educated for the position growing up.<br/>
Or perhaps such ambition had finally budded inside Franco.<br/>
「To be honest, being a royalty for me is a burden.」<br/>
「Hou…………」<br/>
Franco’s words sounded like a confession. Carlos narrowed his eyes coldly.<br/>
Perhaps the unmotivated Franco didn’t have ambition budding inside him, on the contrary this might be the case of his heart breaking.<br/>
When Carlos thought that, a feeling that was similar to disappointment stirred up in Carlos’s chest. Even though he thought in his heart that he didn’t want Franco to succeed him, he still couldn’t hide his disappointment. What a selfish person he was.<br/>
「Even though it had been decided that Abrego-aniueelder brother<br/>
would be the next king, there was someone who would always annoyingly make me hear their complaints no matter how much time passed. I even thought that perhaps I should become a monk in a temple to bid farewell to this social status.」<br/>
Here Carlos sensed something suspicious.<br/>
First was how Franco was talking in past tense. In other words, the state of his heart right now was most likely the exact opposite.<br/>
And then the second was Franco’s criticism toward his mother Elena who came from Cordoba House, which should be the base of his support.<br/>
If Franco was aiming to obtain the throne, Elena should be an existence that he must not turn into an enemy no matter what.<br/>
「──This is really careless of me, I didn’t know that your relationship with Elena is that bad.」<br/>
「That’s because it was pointless even if I opposed her. I thought that if I simply listened to her half-heartedly, time would solve the rest sooner or later……even like that she is my mother, so the least I could do was to simply be her listener.」<br/>
Carlos too knew very well about the personality of his wife that he had married for many years.<br/>
She wasn’t a woman who would be satisfied just by venting with words. And yet even when she took action, the best she could do was only a trifling scheme or harassment. In other words, her caliber was just too small.<br/>
「I don’t know what Haha-ue will do in order to put me on the throne, so I intend to ask her to have a rest in her family house.」<br/>
「What did you say!?」<br/>
Carlos’s eyes spontaneously widened in shock at Franco’s shocking statement that sounded like he was going to cast away Cordoba House, which should be his biggest ally.<br/>
「I wish to ask your majesty to please permit Haha-ue to go home and take a rest. Because that will be the best thing for Haha-ue herself and also for the people around her.」<br/>
「Franco……you, do you understand what are you saying?」<br/>
A son was trying to drive away her own biological mother to a life that was no different from imprisonment.<br/>
Certainly Elena was a woman with many more flaws than merits in her, but at the very least his biological son Franco should be devoting his love to her.<br/>
Furthermore, his mother should become an important backer for him. Carlos didn’t understand the reason why Franco would go this far.<br/>
「Doing this is necessary in order to allow Maria-kaasama to keep living safe and sound within the palace even after I ascend to the throne, isn’t it?」<br/>
「…………tsu!」<br/>
Franco’s words hit the nail on the head.<br/>
What Carlos worried about was exactly that one point.<br/>
There would be no problem while he was still alive. However, if Franco sat on the throne and Carlos died, Elena would surely grow impudent. She wouldn’t stop with just persecuting Maria. In the worst case, she would even assassinate her.<br/>
For Carlos, Maria was the only one supporting his heart right now. The reason he couldn’t make the decision to appoint Franco as the crown prince was because he wanted to protect Maria.<br/>
「……How did you notice?」<br/>
Although Carlos favored Maria, he had never allowed even her to be involved with politics even once until now.<br/>
Until now not a single person had seen through that the source of his indecision was due to his love towards Maria.<br/>
「Because I too had found a woman who I love.」<br/>
「Now you said it……however, those nobles won’t shut up because she is just a daughter of a viscount, you know?」<br/>
「It’s already arranged that Mauricia’s king will adopt Teresa. It seems they don’t have any problem with it as long as they can have a queen from Mauricia here.」<br/>
Carlos spontaneously burst out laughing at the way Franco said that so frankly. It had been a long time since he could laugh without any pretension like this.<br/>
「It looks like King Welkin is a very candid personage, isn’t he?」<br/>
「Yes, Baldr also said that he is actually a king with a bad personality that loves to play mischief.」<br/>
「He is……I don’t know if you can call him a good friend, but it seems that he is at least a good partner in crime.」<br/>
Carlos unconsciously thought of his past. He had no such friend.<br/>
He lost his father when he was young and since then he was busy running around giving his all for the country.<br/>
He also despaired when he realized that he had no talent for battle. However, he believed that he had the talent to govern the nation and provided relief to people. He built the foundation for a new Sanjuan Kingdom together with his beloved wife that he intended to hand over to his son.<br/>
His eldest son had left him behind, but it seemed this second son was someone with the capability that surpassed his imagination.<br/>
「However, what are you going to do with the military? That Santacruz, he might cause an insurrection without caring of the risk if you’re careless, you know?」<br/>
「About that, it seems my partner in crime has won over Sir Jose and plans to perpetrate something. To be honest, even I don’t have any idea of what kind of magic he used.」<br/>
「──That boy and Jose?」<br/>
Certainly the navy played a large role in a maritime nation like the Sanjuan Kingdom.<br/>
Of course, it didn’t change the importance of the army that was the last line of defense for the country’s territory, but the navy was also a huge organization that was responsible for maritime trade and distribution that was the backbone of the national economy.<br/>
The leader of the navy, that Jose who was unperturbed even if he was boiled or grilled, was won over by Baldr who didn’t have any relationship whatsoever with him before. Carlos couldn’t believe it.<br/>
「It seems Duke Cordoba is also getting tired of mother’s selfishness, so I believe he will still continue to support me even in the future. I will take responsibility for Pedro to raise him into my right hand, so please don’t worry for anything.」<br/>
「What, so you already plan to make the military your ally? If you’re seriously planning to move the military, you have to take down Majorca’s witch first.」<br/>
The navy right now was under the strong influence of Majorca Kingdom. After all, it would be impossible to guarantee the safety of the Marmara Sea without the cooperation of this allied country.<br/>
For the navy to support Franco instead of Pedro, who inherited the blood of Majorca royalty, they needed for Majorca Kingdom to at least give their tacit consent.<br/>
「Well, normally it would be impossible. But surprisingly, he is sailing together with that Tormenta Negra right about now.」<br/>
「What did you sayyy!?」<br/>
Carlos yelled with a volume that was almost a scream.<br/>
The extraordinary talent Urraca de Parma──it would be dozens of times more difficult to move her than making Jose an ally.<br/>
No matter what, it was hard to believe that Mauricia had formed a diplomatic route with Majorca in this short time since Abrego’s death.<br/>
That meant, Baldr had presented something that could move that Urraca, even though he had no idea at all what kind of magic he used to achieve that.<br/>
(──He is really impossible to predict.)<br/>
Since he became the king, Carlos’s mind was constantly troubled by this kind of unforeseen situation, but when he was still young and full of hope, wasn’t he always looking forward to the future that he couldn’t predict?<br/>
Carlos laughed loudly. It was a pleasant laugh as though something that had blocked his heart for long had been cleared up.<br/>
「Take a glass. I’ll open my treasured wine.」<br/>
「Is that alright?」<br/>
「I don’t know how long my life will last anyway. Drinking together with my son like this sometimes is also not bad.」<br/>
The two were drinking together that day until late at night and talked to each other openly. Carlos showed his face not as a king but as a father for the first time to Franco, looking like he was having fun. He discussed life with Franco to his heart’s content.<br/>
And then, Franco Cordoba de Sanjuan entrusted his fate of whether he would be appointed as the crown prince or not to Baldr.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 7<br/>
Going back slightly in time.<br/>
Accompanied by Jose, Baldr visited the salon of the first queen Maria for some reason.<br/>
(Oi oi, aren’t we going to negotiate with Majorca Kingdom’s navy minister directly?)<br/>
Jose grinned mischievously as though he had seen through the doubt in Baldr’s mind.<br/>
「No, you aren’t wrong, you know? In the first place her majesty Maria and Lady Urraca came from the same country. Their mothers are sisters so they are also cousin.」<br/>
「Tell me something like that quicker!」<br/>
Just when he was wondering what kind of strong woman would appear, it was actually just a normal royalty!<br/>
「Please go in, her royal majesty is waiting.」<br/>
A lovely maid opened the door and gestured for Baldr and Jose to go inside.<br/>
(Good grief, I was made to have cold sweat……)<br/>
The instant Baldr stepped in, he got hit by a dreadful chill and an omen of disaster that perhaps only he could feel.<br/>
In most cases when he got this kind of premonition──<br/>
「Is it this boy who dared to claim to my face that he is going to beat up those Sanpaniradeon cowards?」<br/>
(Aah, as I thought……why is it there are only atrocious and nasty women around me?)<br/>
.<br/>
「Achoo!」<br/>
Baldr’s father, Ignis Cordelius, turned toward his wife.<br/>
「Maggot, what’s wrong? Do you havet a cold?」<br/>
「I wonder why……right now I really want to sock Baldr’s head for some reason.」<br/>
.<br/>
Several days ago, Urraca hurriedly departed from Majorca and rushed into Sanjuan’s palace because she was worried that after the assassination attempt on Franco, Pedro would become a target for retaliation next.<br/>
「Urraca-oneesama! Why are you in such a hurry like that?」<br/>
「Oo, Pedro! You’re safe? Was there anything scary that happened?」<br/>
Urraca had been doting on Pedro, who her cousin gave birth to, since he was little.<br/>
In addition, as the navy minister of Majorca Kingdom, the succession struggle of Sanjuan Kingdom would influence the national policy of Majorca Kingdom.<br/>
Originally she should push her country to exert pressure so that Pedro could rise to the throne but…….<br/>
「Nii-sama almost got killed several days ago. That was really scary!」<br/>
This child wasn’t suited for a power struggle at all. Urraca thought that no matter what happened, he wouldn’t be able to endure walking a cruel path as a king.<br/>
On the other hand, even if that ill-natured womanElena’s son──<br/>
he was famed as a fine man though──ascended to the throne, it wasn’t certain whether he would be able to stop his mother’s rash action.<br/>
She even got into an argument with Elena just after she arrived.<br/>
(This is really troubling……)<br/>
It was at that timing, Urraca received a notification from Jose, whom she respected.<br/>
She was told that Franco had resolved himself to exile his mother and safeguard Maria and Pedro.<br/>
And to prove that he was serious, they would help with the subjugation of Sanpaniradeon, a pirate group that Majorca Kingdom had difficulty with for many years.<br/>
「Are you saying that a mere greenhorn from Mauricia will be able to do something about those cowards when even this me can’t get my hand on them?」<br/>
She looked extremely displeased. At the same time she also looked interested.<br/>
Sanpaniradeon pirates, they originally started as a clan of mercenaries that supported Trystovy for a long time.<br/>
When the wage from Trystovy got overdue because of the civil war there, they immediately returned to work as pirates and attacked merchant ships without caring whether they belonged to Trystovy or Sanjuan.<br/>
Their strength was considerable enough to even rival a kingdom’s navy. Even the navy of Urraca’s Majorca Kingdom couldn’t avoid a hard fight against them.<br/>
She wondered just what kind of heroic figure would arrive to help her with this problem but──<br/>
「I am an ambassador of the Mauricia Kingdom, Baldr Severn Cornelius. Pleased to be your acquaintances.」<br/>
It was this boy who would help her out?<br/>
The person who came with Jose was a beautiful looking boy who seemed gentle.<br/>
Of course, even Urraca knew that this boy wasn’t just a normal person.<br/>
However, in this situation, how great Baldr’s personal skill in martial arts is wasn’t really the problem.<br/>
「I’m Urraca de Palma, the navy minister of Majorca Kingdom. Call me Urraca.」<br/>
Urraca spoke curtly. Maria glared at her in rebuke.<br/>
Although Maria only looked cute, even if she glared with her gentle and childlike face.<br/>
「I’m sorry. She has lived on a ship so long that she has this kind of sharp tongue, so please forgive her.」<br/>
「No, how should I say it……I’m used to this.」<br/>
Especially with his mother, though as expected even Baldr couldn’t say that out loud.<br/>
After all, Urraca was still quite the maiden with her age in her twenties.<br/>
「Sorry to doubt you boy but, do you really know about Sanpaniradeon?」<br/>
Urraca was also someone who represented her kingdom, while Baldr was also shouldering the position as an ambassador of Mauricia Kingdom. He couldn’t just back out at this point by saying that he was only talking big.<br/>
「Sanpaniradeon is inferior to your navy in regards to individual battle strength, but they are faster and you don’t have any way to chase after them if they manage to escape into their stronghold. That’s what I heard. Is that true?」<br/>
「Yeah, it’s true. They’re certainly a tough bunch, but if we fight head-on, I don’t think we’re going to lose even if it’ll be a hard fight. But their stronghold Akaba, it’s frustrating but I can’t do anything to them there.」<br/>
It seemed she had a lot of resentment piling up. Urraca’s face distorted with her emotions laid bare.<br/>
Since Urraca succeeded the position of navy minister from her father, Majorca Kingdom’s navy had never been defeated outside of one exception.<br/>
The one who granted that single defeat was the leader of Sanpaniradeon, Kailas(カイラス). Urraca was burning with revenge and tracked him down many times, but she was completely helpless if he escaped into the inland sea of Akaba. It was a really vexing matter for her.<br/>
「If my idea worked, I think it will be possible to chase them even until Akaba……」<br/>
「What did you say!?」<br/>
Urraca was greatly shocked and grabbed Baldr’s collar while pressing him with that question.<br/>
Urraca’s face got so close that they would kiss if one of them moved their face just slightly. Baldr’s face unconsciously reddened when he peered into her eyes.<br/>
「Too close-! Your face is too close-!」<br/>
Her finely chiseled face and her large round black eyes were filled with animated brilliance, like obsidian.<br/>
In short, Urraca was a rare beauty that couldn’t be encountered so easily.<br/>
Urraca seemed to sense Baldr’s shyness and chuckled with a bewitching feminine presence.<br/>
「Oh ho, the lion of Mauricia who is a shining star of the future is unexpectedly innocent.」<br/>
「Unfortunately I’m not so old that I’ve matured already.」<br/>
Baldr cursed the misfortune of himself that caused him to be linked by fate with this kind of woman who seemed to be bad news.<br/>
「Too bad boy, but you’re outside my strike zone. Come again when you’re fifty years older.」<br/>
「…………Are you going to still be alive at that time?」<br/>
When Baldr reached his sixties, Urraca would be at her seventies──as expected he didn’t have that kind of peculiar fetish.<br/>
「You really don’t get it……a man should be at least that old before their charm can show up.」<br/>
It seemed this Urraca had quite a serious grandpa complex.<br/>
「……Urraca, that taste of yours is still not cured huh……」<br/>
Maria’s shoulders slumped in dejection. Her back looked gloomy.<br/>
Certainly that taste of hers was a waste even though she was a great beauty like this.<br/>
「Otou-sama in Majorca is grieving, you know?  He was saying that the continuation of Parma House is in danger.」<br/>
「──I can just adopt my niece if necessary anyway. Stop finding fault in my taste of man.」<br/>
Jose used the chance while Urraca was arguing with Maria to secretly teach Baldr about the situation.<br/>
Urraca’s father died when she was still little. Her grandfather Camsen(カムセン) who raised her completely pampered her at home even though he was strict when at sea.<br/>
It seemed that Urraca who was raised with the full affection of her grandfather had grown to become someone who only reacted to men at the same age as her grandfather before she knew it.<br/>
What a sinful woman she was. No, perhaps in this case Baldr should count his blessings because this woman wasn’t a shotacon.<br/>
Urraca who was showered with complaints by Maria for around five minutes turned back towards Baldr as though to vent her stress at him.<br/>
「And? How are you going to conquer Akaba?」<br/>
Baldr shook his head while smiling wryly because this person was acting like a child.<br/>
「I can’t say anything without first confirming the actual location. Besides, I wish to receive compensation in exchange for teaching this information.」<br/>
Urraca’s eyes turned into a glare that was clearly filled with murderous intent.<br/>
Even though she had a childish personality, her status as the navy minister of Majorca Kingdom wasn’t just for show.<br/>
「Hou……don’t you think it’s boorish for a man to demand a reward from a woman?」<br/>
「No no, a reward and a compensation seems similar but they are actually different. Because one is based on desire while the other is based on honor.」<br/>
「Hou……honor, you say.」<br/>
It was easy to say that, but in their position where they both had the responsibility to prioritize their own country , keeping their words wasn’t something ordinary to do.<br/>
Furthermore Urraca who was a warrior and also a woman of the sea disliked a man who would lightly speak of honor like this.<br/>
For a sailor who constantly lived side by side with death from facing mother nature, mutual trust was something precious that was difficult to replace.<br/>
「Those are good words. However, I don’t know if it’s other people, but if you want to earn my trust, show me that you’re a man aboard the ship!」<br/>
Baldr suddenly felt a déjà vu from Urraca’s words. Even though this was undoubtedly his first experience being told this kind of line since he was born.<br/>
「──Of course I’m prepared for that.」<br/>
.<br/>
「……Achoo!」<br/>
──Around the same time Maggot might have sneezed once more in the Cornelius mansion.<br/>
Or perhaps not.<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 