<br/>
Chapter 1 – The Night Before the Start of Battle<br/>
.<br/>
Part 1<br/>
Mauricia Kingdom’s Antrim territory achieved an unprecedented development due to Baldr, who had been appointed as the new feudal lord there. The infiltrating spies of their bitter enemy Haurelia Kingdom were all disposed of.<br/>
However, Sobat Drain(ソバト・ドレーン), one of the spies, was trying to accomplish that mission in exchange for his life.<br/>
.<br/>
Sobat’s comrade, Dario returned home to his birthplace, the territory of Count Savoie along with the corpse of Sobat. He entrusted his son to his sister-in-law, who had gained a lot of weight and became a gutsy mother in these ten years, and then brought himself to the mansion of the count.<br/>
The people who knew about Dario’s existence were limited even among the spies that Count Savoie employed. Dario was forced to follow the normal procedure in order to have a meeting with the count.<br/>
「The lord count will meet you. Come with me.」<br/>
Several hours had passed since Dario met the gate guard when a butler came to guide him to the count.<br/>
He was going through a thorough check because the matter was extremely important.<br/>
Dario followed behind the butler just as he was told.<br/>
.<br/>
「──So you are Dario.」<br/>
「Yes, my lord.」<br/>
Dario was led into a gloomy office that felt cramped for a noble office. The expression of Count Savoie, Fernando, was melancholic.<br/>
Dario understood very well the reason for that. The same pain had been constantly dwelling in his heart during his journey back home.<br/>
「I appreciate your efforts. Did Sobat accomplish his mission?」<br/>
「Yes. He splendidly brought back the information in exchange of his life.」<br/>
「……How regrettable. He was a subordinate who was too good for me.」<br/>
In reality, Sobat’s capability was too wonderful for him to simply stop at serving a count house in a remote region.<br/>
However, on the flipside, him staying was due to Fernando’s great discernment in realizing just how important information was. Sobat had never once thought that he was serving the wrong master.<br/>
That was why Sobat was able to throw away his life without any hesitation for the sake of Fernando.<br/>
The death of a key retainer who had been serving him continuously since before he inherited the house was a great loss that couldn’t be ignored, both for Fernando himself and also for Savoie House.<br/>
「……I have also made you go through many difficulties in the enemy territory for so many years.」<br/>
「Just those words are already a great honor for me.」<br/>
「Then forgive me for cutting this short, but can you show me what Sobat had left behind? I mustn’t let his sacrifice go to waste.」<br/>
「By your will.」<br/>
Dario presented a transparent crystal eye in front of Fernando.<br/>
「This is……?」<br/>
「It’s Sobat’s artificial eye. It’s possible that the enemy will find out if we left behind a letter when our corpses are checked, so us spies will carve truly important information into our body. It can be done by swallowing the information into our stomach, or we can also carve it into our bones. Sobat’s trump card was this artificial eye.」<br/>
「……I see.」<br/>
Fernando couldn’t say anything more in front of the intense resolve of those who lived in the shadow.<br/>
Because unlike the knights who were decorated brilliantly on the battlefield, they who lived in the shadows couldn’t be bestowed with any honor openly.<br/>
「How unworthy am I to be unable to reward my loyal subject.」<br/>
「This is the fate of those who live in the shadows.」<br/>
Spies couldn’t obtain any position or honor, but extreme loyalty is demanded from them, even more so than knights.<br/>
They were pulling the short end of the stick with the duty that was assigned to them, but their task was also indispensable, something that someone had to carry out. Humans who didn’t have the resolve to kill themselves for the sake of their master and their homeland couldn’t serve as spies.<br/>
By the way, this was the reason why Baldr had given up forming an organization of spies himself and shifted his effort to gathering information using merchants and analyzing that information.<br/>
Seen from this perspective, no one could object even if it was said that the relationship between master and servant at Haurelia Kingdom was filled with more loyalty when compared to Mauricia Kingdom.<br/>
「This artificial eye is a magic tool? Then should I call a magician here?」<br/>
「No, even I will be enough for just this much.」<br/>
Dario said that and casually pointed his palm at the artificial eye.<br/>
The construction of the artificial eye wasn’t that complicated. In the past Dario had the experience of operating a magic formula that was similar to Sobat’s artificial eye several times.<br/>
「Project.」<br/>
The magic formula activated, and a large rectangular projection that was about two meters in size was projected in front of the two.<br/>
What first attracted their attention was the number of soldiers guarding the territory.<br/>
This was a very noticeable change for Dario who had been living in Antrim.<br/>
In his estimation, the number of soldiers at Antrim had multiplied by more than ten times at the minimum since Baldr became the lord.<br/>
Most likely Antrim was maintaining a force that wasn’t that much inferior even when compared to Cornelius House, which is a cornerstone for Mauricia’s border. No doubt about it.<br/>
Sure enough, was it really possible for a mere viscount to possess that much financial strength?<br/>
At this time Fernando didn’t have any doubt at all that Mauricia’s king was behind the development of Antrim. Even Dario, who knew about Baldr’s high evaluation in Antrim agreed with Fernando on this matter.<br/>
What was projected next was the barbed wire entanglements that were placed along the border.<br/>
The two of them were left speechless at the atypical appearance of the barbed wires that they were seeing for the first time in their life.<br/>
Even though these are just wires without any hidden trick, it was clear from a glance how troublesome they were when used as a defensive encampment.<br/>
That thing would surely produce a lot of injured people as well as take a long time to break through<br/>
The existence of wounded people gave a heavier burden than dead people.<br/>
The battlefield wasn’t a sanitary area by any means. The number of medicines and healers were also limited, so the existence of wounded people needed twice the assistance of healthy people.<br/>
In addition, there were the mysterious facilities that looked like huge lump of stone behind the barbed wire and the moats that were laid out to connect them.<br/>
「……Why are there moats within the encampment?」<br/>
「It’s embarrassing, but I also can’t imagine what they are for.」<br/>
Normally, moats were for obstructing the advance of infantry and cavalry, so they would be created in front of the encampment. The two of them didn’t understand the reason why the moats were dug within the encampment.<br/>
The concept of trenches on Earth was devised after the gun was invented so that infantry could hide while standing and shooting.<br/>
It was only natural that such a concept couldn’t be understood in this world where guns still haven’t been invented.<br/>
There were also several huge devices that seemed to be ballista for sieging castles in the projection, but Fernando and Dario were also puzzled by this.<br/>
「Why are they putting ballistas at that kind of place?」<br/>
「Please pardon my ignorance……」<br/>
Ballista were used for destroying ramparts and the like. It was a weapon for the attacking side and wasn’t something that the defender would prepare.<br/>
The more they watched, the more they thought that Antrim’s defensive encampment wasn’t simply solid but also mysterious.<br/>
Normally Fernando would just ignore these doubts, but when it came to Antrim, he couldn’t help but think that there was a secret hidden behind these mysterious arrangements.<br/>
There was no way the value of information that Sobat risked his life to obtain was that cheap.<br/>
「……And then, this is the last one……」<br/>
The last image seemed to be the last moment of Sobat’s life. It was a blurred and unclear image.<br/>
There was something that looked like a large tube at the center of the image. It was stretching towards a building that was like a grey rock.<br/>
「This is……what?」<br/>
「It only looks like a tube but……it was something that Sobat focused on. Surely it’s some kind of weapon.」<br/>
If it was really a weapon, was it some kind of catapult?<br/>
Fernando pondered for a while, but he judged that this was already beyond him.<br/>
Above all else, Sobat’s death would become pointless if he didn’t make use of this information effectively.<br/>
「Send a messenger to his majesty the king! Inform his majesty King Louis that this is a matter of utmost importance from Count Savoie.」<br/>
Even though the puzzles hadn’t been solved, Fernando’s heart had decided.<br/>
Antrim’s defensive structure had to be removed before it was completed. If not, he had a hunch that Haurelia Kingdom would have to give up Antrim and even their ambition to conquer Mauricia Kingdom.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 2<br/>
「That brat, how impertinent……」<br/>
Duke Arnold Beaufort’s face twisted in disgrace when he learned that his scheme to isolate Baldr as the first step to bring down royal authority ended in failure.<br/>
Arnold was 72 years old this year, but his eyelids were covered with deep wrinkles as though he had already passed 80. His lips were dry and rough with many cracks.<br/>
The dominating aura of the number 2 of the ten great nobles of Mauricia Kingdom couldn’t be felt at all from his thin body that looked like a withered tree.<br/>
「There are many nobles who are reluctant to openly turn Randolph House into an enemy……there are only five houses including our house that declared disownment in regards to that bratBaldr.」<br/>
The one who said that was Count Hendrick Hastings.<br/>
He made an exaggerated gesture with a tone of voice that lamented how deplorable the situation was. Such a performance made Arnold want to spit.<br/>
(You useless bastard. A mere five houses won’t bring any political effect at all.)<br/>
Arnold was losing patience.<br/>
If time simply passed idly like this, King Welkin and Prime Minister Harold would continue to enjoy the height of their glory.<br/>
He would never accept that the foolish king who stole the life of his son leaving behind his name as a wise ruler in the history of Mauricia.<br/>
However, what was even more dangerous than that was how the authority of the conservative noble faction including Arnold had begun to be whittled down by the reorganization of bureaucrats that were centered on Harold.<br/>
It was impossible to expect his adorable seventeen year old grandson to be able to play an active part in opposing the kingdom’s main faction. Arnold, who had survived for many years in the royal palace, was fully aware of that.<br/>
That was why Arnold wished to whittle down Welkin’s power.<br/>
For the sake of that, he wouldn’t even hesitate to join hands with his bitter enemy Haurelia Kingdom.<br/>
「……Falkirk-dono, whose territory is located at Antrim’s rear, sympathizes with our ideal. In the end that brat is nothing more than a rat in a bag.」<br/>
「It’s not enough to simply make him a trapped rat. It’s pointless to destroy Antrim if the royal family’s strength isn’t reduced together along with that. We won’t have any future like this!」<br/>
「T-that’s right indeed. If we can skillfully lead Randolph House into digging their own grave……」<br/>
Hendricks’s words made Arnold recall Alford Randolph in his youth.<br/>
He was a young nobleman who was popular among women in the palace and was anticipated to become the representative of the ten great nobles in the future.<br/>
Arnold was on guard against him as a man who would be his son’s political opponent, but he couldn’t understand Alford’s decision to back up Baldr.<br/>
(That damn Alford……what is he thinking?)<br/>
If it was Alford, then at the very least that man should be able to predict his intentions to some degree.<br/>
Making Haurelia raise an army by using Antrim as bait, and whittling Mauricia royalty’s military and financial strength through war.<br/>
Alford making Baldr his son-in-law would be overdoing it even if it was for the sake of preventing their plot.<br/>
Or was this Alford saying that Baldr had so much value in him that he’d go that far?<br/>
If it was Arnold from several years ago, he would try to win over Baldr as his ally or spend more time in gauging Baldr’s capability.<br/>
However Arnold had no more time left.<br/>
He discovered there was a tumor in his stomach three months ago. He was feeling his strength leaving him day by day. Even at best, he only had one more year to live.<br/>
He had to prepare a secure political force for his grandson while he was still alive. He wouldn’t die until he could accomplish that at any cost.<br/>
「We can’t turn back anymore, even if we have to sell out this country.」<br/>
Both Baldr and Alford weren’t aware that Arnold was afflicted by a lethal disease.<br/>
The scheme of Duke Beaufort acting out of desperation with his short remaining life would greatly betray the expectations of Baldr and the others.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 3<br/>
「How are you feeling today?」<br/>
「Not bad……it’s also like this with Baldr. I’m troubled because my child is already a rascal even when they’re still inside my stomach……」<br/>
Maggot said that while caressing her largely swollen stomach with affection.<br/>
Savaran Company had introduced a doctor to Cornelius House. She was a fat woman in her fifties. She was limiting Maggot’s diet and activity with an uncompromising pressure that even Maggot couldn’t oppose.<br/>
「Don’t keep eating nothing but greasy food when you’re already at this age! What are you gonna do if your kid becomes round!?」<br/>
「How am I going to have energy without eating meat?」<br/>
「If you’re a mother then learn self-moderation for the sake of your kid too! You aren’t young anymore, so it will affect your kid if you don’t take care of your body!」<br/>
「Gununu……」<br/>
Maggot would hit her already if she wasn’t a doctor, but she desperately endured that impulse.<br/>
Setting aside her feelings, Maggot was certainly already quite old for giving birth again. She had to avoid any bad influence from affecting her children at any cost.<br/>
「A-amazing……that Maggot is completely argued down……」<br/>
Ignis didn’t read the mood and felt admiration.<br/>
「You too, you should watch over your wife! In my opinion, the delivery of this child will be a bit difficult!」<br/>
「What did you say?」<br/>
Ignis’s face turned pale at the doctor’s words.<br/>
His child who would be born was of course important, but his beloved wife was an existence that was even more important than his own life.<br/>
Furthermore, it was Ignis who wished for more children even knowing that Maggot was already too old for it. There was no way he could keep his composure after being told by the doctor that Maggot would have a difficult delivery.<br/>
「It’ll be fine……can you imagine me losing?」<br/>
「You will always be my invincible goddess……but it’s fine for me to at least worry when you are in a difficult fight, right?」<br/>
Ignis and Maggot stared at each other with a sweet atmosphere.<br/>
「Save the flirting for later!」<br/>
The doctor shrugged as though to say Good grief and laughed.<br/>
This pair of husband and wife was strangely heartwarming to watch even at their age.<br/>
Actually, Maggot’s exhaustion was greater when compared to a normal pregnancy. The person herself was the most aware of that.<br/>
Even so, as long as Maggot had the energy to laugh optimistically, the doctor swore to herself that she would take care of the rest somehow. The doctor watched the two with a gentle gaze without saying her resolve in words.<br/>
.<br/>
Even so, Maggot’s pregnancy made her unable to be counted on as the cornerstone of Cornelius House’s fighting force. This brought a large effect towards both allies and enemies.<br/>
The saying that 『Silver Light Maggot rivaled a single battalion』 wasn’t an exaggeration at all. And then considering the rule that three times the number of attackers was needed in order to attack a defensive position, losing Maggot was the same as losing a regiment for the Cornelius House.<br/>
Now then, it was normal that an enemy’s misfortune was an ally’s benefit, but there was a slightly troubling circumstance in Haurelia Kingdom right now.<br/>
「Are you telling me to let go of this chance?」<br/>
「……Certainly the Silver Light being unable to move because of pregnancy is a good chance that might not come again. However, in order to move the traitorous nobles that are taking root in Mauricia Kingdom, we have to conquer Antrim no matter what. I beg for my lord’s discernment in this matter!」<br/>
The loyal retainer of Marquis Andrei Selvi, Dorun, was desperately restraining his unruly lord.<br/>
Dorun was feeling a heartrending grief. Taking down Ignis was a dear wish that was shared by the whole Selvi House.<br/>
But, right now Haurelia Kingdom is attempting to win over the conservative nobles within Mauricia Kingdom by using the powder keg called Antrim as bait. There was too much demerit to invade Antrim head-on.<br/>
「That remote region is just a trivial matter! With our current difference in military force, everything will be resolved as long as we can break through Cornelius!」<br/>
Andrei yelled with an unbearable anger.<br/>
They never expected that their plot to weaken Mauricia Kingdom by instigating the confrontation between the emerging nobles represented by Baldr and the conservative nobles would bring about this kind of backlash.<br/>
That woman is truly unpleasant to the extreme! How can she get pregnant at this timing of all time!<br/>
Andrei was filled with an unreasonable anger, but as expected it was impossible to start a war on the arbitrary decision of a single marquis house.<br/>
「It’s regrettable, but we can only depend on his majesty’s royal decision.」<br/>
Andrei sat down on a sofa roughly to shake off his reluctance.<br/>
Dorun let out a sigh of relief. But he too was biting his lip in frustration due to sharing his master’s annoyance.<br/>
It was because they were already obtaining information that the palace was leaning towards Antrim’s subjugation.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 4<br/>
Several days before that event when both master and servant of Selvi House were gnashing their teeth in anger.<br/>
Haurelia’s king Louis was holding his breath seeing the image from the magic tool that was sent to him from Count Savoie.<br/>
「You are saying that this is the image of that Antrim……?」<br/>
In Louis’s knowledge, Antrim should be an idyllic remote countryside.<br/>
Furthermore, it was also a land that was contested between Haurelia and Mauricia. It had been enveloped in the flames of war several times, and large industry also couldn’t be developed there. It was a barren land that no one would even glance at if not for its geopolitically critical location that could threaten the center of Haurelia Kingdom.<br/>
And yet at the center of the image that was projected before his eyes, there were defensive encampments that were obviously solid at a glance and reserve soldiers in numbers that surpassed their expectation by several times over.<br/>
Only half a year had passed since a new viscount was assigned to Antrim. Louis thought that this was an impossible change no matter how much of a genius politician Baldr was.<br/>
「……This is an alarming situation.」<br/>
The one who whispered that with a small voice squeezed out of his throat was the prime minister, Duke Montespan(モンテスパン).<br/>
He was a young prime minister who became 34 years old this year. He was a central personage who pushed for the subjugation of Mauricia Kingdom together with Louis.<br/>
The fortification of Antrim was a problem that couldn’t be overlooked, since it made the war against Mauricia Kingdom a race against time.<br/>
「Hmph, they are greatly mistaken if they think that they will be able to stop my army with just this much.」<br/>
The one who snorted in disinterest was the military minister, Duke Ryuvini(リュビニー).<br/>
「I shall acknowledge that they have prepared some defenses. But if they think that they will be able to defend against us with just this much, it make me want to tell them that there is a limit even in being overconfident.」<br/>
The barbed wires and trenches that he had only seen for the first time certainly looked troublesome.<br/>
However, the soldiers that would invade Antrim would number more than ten times  Antrim’s entire force.<br/>
Duke Ryuvini thought that just barbed wires and trenches wouldn’t mean anything when trying to oppose the violence of numbers.<br/>
「Losing too many troops for Antrim will result in an impediment for our next strategy. Our country doesn’t have the leeway to waste thousands of soldiers for the likes of Antrim, you know?」<br/>
Montespan emphasized his opinion. Louis also added further.<br/>
「I won’t accept it if our army has a difficult battle at Antrim. After all, those fence-sitters won’t move unless we give an overwhelming show of force.」<br/>
Not even a single one of the ministers gathered here was doubting that their army would be able to bring down Antrim.<br/>
The problem was simply how much time and soldiers would be consumed in order to do that.<br/>
The national strategy of Haurelia was no different than in the past. It was to make use of the difference in military force between them and Mauricia to win a decisive battle of brief duration.<br/>
Currently Mauricia was superior in economic strength, agricultural production, and industrial production. Haurelia had no chance of victory other than using their population and military force to defeat Mauricia.<br/>
「This strengthening of Antrim……what is your opinion about it prime minister?」<br/>
Montespan answered Louis’s enquiry hesitatingly with a bewildered expression.<br/>
「In case a war breaks out between our country and Mauricia Kingdom, Antrim is a land that will always get attacked first so……there is no doubt that they’re fortifying that place to buy time. However, it’s just too inefficient to do it in this way.」<br/>
Antrim was surrounded by Haurelia Kingdom from three directions, like a rat in a bag. Investing a great sum of money to protect this place was a very inefficient investment.<br/>
「What do you think, military minister?」<br/>
「It certainly doesn’t make sense. However, at the very least there is no doubt that Viscount Antrim is the one giving the directions for this.」<br/>
「You are saying this isn’t Welkin’s doing?」<br/>
「He might be providing money, but looking at the defensive encampment, I can’t feel the style of the Mauricia army from it at all.」<br/>
As might be expected from two countries that had been hostile to each other for a long time, both sides had seen through each other’s cards to a certain degree.<br/>
Duke Ryuvini sensed that the strategy thought of in Antrim was somewhat different in nature.<br/>
Although he only considered that his opponent was simply amateurish.<br/>
「Then I’ll ask. How long do we need to take down Antrim?」<br/>
「If we don’t care about the damage then one day. And if we want to be careful then we will need three days at least.」<br/>
「Can I take it that those words of yours aren’t a lie?」<br/>
Duke Ryuvini’s eyes widened as though to say that it was upsetting for the king to doubt him like that.<br/>
「I hope that your majesty will put your faith in the trained soldiers of our country.」<br/>
Unlike Mauricia Kingdom that had grown foolish from peace, Haurelia Kingdom’s army that was constantly in a state of war readiness was overwhelmingly superior to Mauricia in regards to the soldiers’ training.<br/>
Duke Ryuvini had an absolute confidence in their military strength. He believed that there was no way such trifling tricks could protect Antrim from them.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 5<br/>
The report that Haurelia Kingdom was mobilizing its army was immediately heard by King Welkin.<br/>
No matter the country, the number of knights that could be maintained to always stand ready was limited. The number of those knights might be enough for a limited conflict, but in a genuine war the country would have to conscript a lot of their populace to be soldiers.<br/>
Haurelia Kingdom was an agricultural country with a low population density. They had to conscript soldiers extensively there.<br/>
「──Should I say here that it’s within expectation?」<br/>
Welkin made a villainous smile. Harold sighed and shook his head.<br/>
「No, this is more than we expected. Most likely the disease in our country has taken root even deeper than we thought.」<br/>
Welkin’s plot was to use Baldr as a bait to reel in the anti-king faction. He had been monitoring the chain of events that was started by Mileton House since the beginning.<br/>
The nobles who sympathized with Mileton House and tried to boycott Viscount Antrim were already noted and a secret investigation had been carried out in regards them.<br/>
However, seeing Haurelia Kingdom’s blatant reaction, the possibility of there being many more traitors is high.<br/>
「What is Duke Beaufort doing?」<br/>
Welkin asked about the reaction of that old man who was an elder among the ten great nobles and also the number one noble in the past.<br/>
If one of the ten great nobles that had a great influence in the kingdom was rising in revolt, the effect from that would be immeasurable.<br/>
Welkin’s plan would also greatly change depending on how bold the mastermind behind the conservatism faction is that was criticizing him.<br/>
「It seems that he is making frequent contact with Count Hastings and his followers but……at the very least there doesn’t seem to be any military movement from them.」<br/>
Harold believed that the possibility of that duke standing at the forefront of an uprising against the throne was low.<br/>
They were the conservative faction that couldn’t keep up with the kingdom’s development due to lacking the guts for facing such risk.<br/>
「Most likely they’re planning to watch the situation of the battle before deciding what action they will take. It will be dangerous if we lose in the opening battle.」<br/>
Both Welkin and Harold already learned from the previous war that those nobles didn’t have any proper loyalty toward Mauricia Kingdom.<br/>
Harold was unable to forget how the nobles ran wild so disorderly at that time.<br/>
He had worked out many plans since then so that he would never taste the humiliation of his younger days a second time, but he wondered how effective all his efforts actually were.<br/>
Harold couldn’t help but ask himself such a question in front of the sound of the approaching army boots.<br/>
「There is no way to change a country without any danger. You don’t need to be so worried like that. This won’t be a repeat of that war.」<br/>
「……Can I hear the basis of your majesty’s confidence?」<br/>
Although this king was skilled in scheming up a plot, he was a naïve dreamer on the inside. It was necessary for him to ask as the prime minister.<br/>
「Haurelia’s first move will be to attack Antrim without a doubt. Think about it, will that Antrim brat get harassed so easily by Haurelia? What’s more, although he has a lot of enemies, he also has a lot of allies, am I right?」<br/>
The previous Viscount Antrim was destroyed along with his whole family and followers in the past war. He was a noble who treasured his subjects, but he was incompetent as a commander.<br/>
But Baldr was someone who was far-removed from being such a mediocrity.<br/>
There was no doubt that he would at least give Haurelia Kingdom’s army a real scare.<br/>
Welkin didn’t know the particulars, but it wasn’t hard to imagine that the defensive expansion that was going on in Antrim was something that was one or two steps off from common sense.<br/>
「One mustn’t have an excessive expectation. With Antrim’s military force, it will be hard for them to win against Haurelia’s elites even if they can put up a good fight.」<br/>
「You’re a boring fellow like usual. The brat might beat up an army ten times greater than his own and win.」<br/>
「Our duty is to plan in case that he doesn’t win and not let a capable retainer die a pointless death. Please have your fun after we win.」<br/>
Harold didn’t forget to give a warning with a cold voice to the king who shrugged in a way that couldn’t be seen whether he was just acting or he was actually serious.<br/>
Although they believed that they had laid out the groundwork for the sake of victory, it seemed that the battle would start earlier than what they assumed.<br/>
Would the entrance of the unexpected element that was Baldr end up as good fortune or bad luck?<br/>
The duty of the king’s right hand man was to win because they had decided to fight.<br/>
It seemed the sleepless nights of Harold would continue.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 6<br/>
Seven knight orders existed in Haurelia Kingdom.<br/>
Mauricia Kingdom only possessed four knight orders. These seven knight orders were elites that boasted almost twice the number of their enemy. They were the trump card that was trained for the sake of the invasion of Mauricia.<br/>
One of them, the Blue Dragon knight order was commanded by Borodino Dampierre(ボロディノ・ダンピエール), the son of General Soyuz who died in the previous war.<br/>
He possessed an extraordinary eye for tactics like his father and overwhelming charisma that made his subordinates admire and devote themselves to him. He gathered expectations on him as one of the people who would shoulder the military of Haurelia Kingdom in the future.<br/>
However, he was the head of Dampierre House that was a noted military family and the heir of the famous general Soyuz. Considering his status, his current position could only be said as too low for him.<br/>
Knight order commander was a bottom tactical officer that was two ranks lower than the position of general.<br/>
Even though his father was someone who almost reached the top position of the military as a candidate for the next military minister, his son had fallen into strained circumstances like this instead.<br/>
Borodino’s blood was boiling with anger when he considered his current circumstances.<br/>
Until that fateful day, before Soyus’s head was cut down by the Cornelius couple, the most dangerous pair in the world, he was a famous commander who obtained as much fame as he wished because of the succession of victories that he brought.<br/>
Borodine was proud to have such a father and wished to become a splendid general just like him. But then he heard the report of his father’s death at the barracks where he was training right after he enlisted.<br/>
「You lie!」<br/>
He couldn’t believe it. He even prayed that it was just a slander to his father.<br/>
However, it was undoubtedly a fact that Soyuz was taken down in the middle of a melee and his troops received crushing damage.<br/>
His father who gathered praise and respect as the central figure of their victory instantly became an incompetent commander who had been defeated.<br/>
The people following his father around to pander to him turned around as easily as turning their palm and started criticizing Borodino. They said that Soyuz invoked the anger of the war god because he dirtied his hand with a method that was unworthy for a military general like assassination.<br/>
Later on, Borodino heard that his father schemed to assassinate Silver Light Maggot. He thought that such a plan was truly rational, as befitting his father. His father must have been trying that method because he didn’t want his allies to die pointless death.<br/>
His father led his army with nothing but rationality till the very end without trying out any unproven original tactic. His father also always endeavored to not fight any losing battle. Borodino had never seen any commander greater than his father even now.<br/>
His father’s failure was simply because that Silver Light and Ignis Cornelius were too abnormal.<br/>
Borodino believed that the day finally came where he could clean the dishonor of his father and settle this destiny with his father’s hated enemies.<br/>
.<br/>
「I can’t wait to put our skill to the test already, isn’t that right commander?」<br/>
His vice commander Morris knew about Borodino’s silent fighting spirit better than anyone.<br/>
From the start he was an old subordinate who had served Dampierre House since Soyuz’s generation.<br/>
While many people had abandoned the waning Dampierre House, he was one of the few loyal subjects who continued to devote himself.<br/>
「It’s unfortunate that our opponent is only their sonBaldr……but if we’re going to do this, then we will win overwhelmingly and show him the difference between us.」<br/>
Borodino declared this with a fierce tone. He wasn’t being overconfident by any means.<br/>
The quantity and quality of the army of Haurelia Kingdom that prioritized the rebuilding of their military power clearly surpasses Mauricia Kingdom, which was prioritizing rebuilding their economy.<br/>
The difference between both kingdoms’ armies not only appeared in troop numbers, height of morale, or training, but also even in things like horse or equipment quality.<br/>
「I’ll teach them that you can’t do war simply based on abacus calculation.」<br/>
In general, Haurelia army’s soldiers gave a low evaluation of Mauricia Kingdom that reduced their military budget and allocated their budget for investment in economic development instead.<br/>
Economic development was an important indicator to gauge a country’s national power, but economic power that wasn’t backed by military power would only become a bait for the enemy. That was the general common sense.<br/>
It would be pointless to work hard to grow a delicious fruit if in the end it would only get snatched up by an enemy country instead.<br/>
「Your excellency Commander Dampierre, there is a message from General Flandre.」<br/>
A young squire who was still a teenager conveyed the order from the superior who was in command of Borodino.<br/>
Borodino’s superior──General Flandre turned 48 years old this year. He was a veteran who worked his way up to be a combat general. He was also the vice commander of Borodino’s father, Soyuz.<br/>
General Flandre was selected to be the general of the invading army to Antrim. He would be leading two newly formed divisions in addition to three knight orders. As to be expected from someone who was leading such an army, he was someone with an established reputation for his leadership and boldness.<br/>
「I’ll head there immediately.」<br/>
For Borodino who was aiming for the restoration of his house, his fellow knight order commanders were rivals with whom he competed to obtain achievements. First he had to obtain General Flandre’s attention in the war council and secure the honor of being the vanguard.<br/>
.<br/>
Haurelia Kingdom’s ministry of military was located three kilometers to the north of the capital.<br/>
The majesty that was emitted by the huge building that was constructed with many massive marbles might even surpass the palace depending on the person seeing it.<br/>
When Borodino arrived, the main members of the expeditionary force were already gathered inside the conference room within the military ministry.<br/>
General Flandre sat in the middle with his first staff officer Barnaud sitting at his right. Then at both sides of those two were the commander of the White Dragon Knight Order and the commander of the Black Dragon Knight Order.<br/>
The war council’s atmosphere was already bloodthirsty even before Borodino’s arrival. He was puzzled inside his mind seeing General Frandole showing an even graver expression than he expected.<br/>
General Frandole was originally a jovial and aggressive commander.<br/>
In this kind of war council, he would usually take initiative to recommend a proactive and mobile battle. Borodino knew that from his time serving as Flandre’s subordinate in the past. However──<br/>
「About the vanguard of the battle this time……we will have to leave it to the militia.」<br/>
「How can that be!? I can’t accept that, general!」<br/>
The one who angrily yelled in protest was the commander of the White Dragon Knight Order, Massena Lampard(マッセナ・ランパード).<br/>
It was the big moment when war finally started again after so long. There was no way the knight order would accept getting left in the dust of mere militias.<br/>
Borodino was also completely in agreement with his rival in regards to this point.<br/>
「The foundation of conquering Antrim should be in a quick battle for a quick victory. If we don’t quickly break through the enemy line, they will block the valley that acts as the entrance to enter deeper into Mauricia!」<br/>
It wasn’t difficult at all to conquer Antrim.<br/>
Both Borodino and Massena didn’t hold the slightest doubt in regards to that.<br/>
The problem was that if the bottleneck at the valley ahead of Antrim got blocked. If that happened, it would become far more difficult to advance through there.<br/>
The valley was the territory of Baronet Falkirk, but right behind it there was the territory of Viscount Bradford who was known as a powerful adversary.<br/>
「You will get tripped up if you think that Antrim is still the same as before. Look at this.」<br/>
General Flandre said that and tossed on the table the data about Antrim that was given to him before this from the military minister.<br/>
Borodino and others held their breath seeing the clear image from the magic tool.<br/>
「T-this is……」<br/>
「Since when……」<br/>
Even though this was their first time seeing it, the two of them weren’t so foolish of a commander that they were unable to understand the threat of Antrim’s defensive encampment.<br/>
「……It might be next to impossible to break through that in a short time.」<br/>
The one who said those words was the commander of Black Dragon Knight Order who was the oldest one among the knight orders, Lannes Bernard(ランヌ・ベルナール).<br/>
He rarely talked, but he was a man who had obtained great trust even among the knight orders because of his devoted and persistent tactics that would accomplish any kind of mission, no matter how difficult it was, without any complaint.<br/>
「I believe that you sirs are also aware that a war against Mauricia Kingdom will be a race against time. If we are forced into a hard battle against the likes of Antrim that is already isolated in the middle of the enemy, Mauricia’s morale will rise and they will obtain the time to gather their strength. We have to occupy Antrim with an overwhelming victory, no matter what kind of solid defense the enemy has prepared.」<br/>
The role as vanguard that they thought as a glorious honor was actually a thorny path that was extremely hard to traverse.<br/>
From Flandre’s perspective, this felt like they had gotten cheated. although he knew that was an unreasonable thinking.<br/>
Borodino was able to understand Flandre’s trouble. It was like what happened with his father Soyuz. What was waiting for a commander who was defeated even though he was expected to win easily would be a storm of humiliation and criticism.<br/>
It wouldn’t be enough to simply win. The Haurelia army had to win in short order and in an overwhelming manner. Because of that, it was the Haurelia army that was cornered here despite being the side with the superior force.<br/>
「We can only push forward using the number of the militias. From the image, it seems that their number has been doubled from the past at the very least. There might be around a thousand troops there.」<br/>
Antrim that was surrounded by enemies was still tentatively counted as the territory of a viscount, but in reality its income was lower than even a baron territory. And yet there were this many soldiers mobilized there. It was obvious that there was some kind of meaning to it.<br/>
「It’s also possible that it’s a trap. However, if we continue to do nothing but stand and watch like this, Antrim will continue to be fortified and our tactics against Mauricia will be overturned from its foundation. Depending on the situation, it might become impossible to even go to war against Mauricia. There won’t be any other chance than this.」<br/>
Perhaps because of his nature that was cultivated as a military officer, even Flandre didn’t even consider the choice of not going to war and forming a friendship with Mauricia.<br/>
Winning the war against Mauricia no matter what.<br/>
That was the reason why the Haurelia army existed right now. There was no way they could give up.<br/>
「……However, we won’t be able to make light of the damage to the militias……」<br/>
Massena muttered with a pained expression.<br/>
Unlike the knight order, the conscripted militia had low proficiency in battle. It would be easy to replenish their number even if they lost them.<br/>
However, the militias came from the populace. If they received great damage, it would directly influence the populace’s public sentiment.<br/>
Even a feudalistic nation like Haurelia Kingdom couldn’t underestimate the influence of the public sentiment.<br/>
「We can only focus on doing feints. We’ll have to look for an opening and attempt to break through a single point with a very small unit.」<br/>
The staff officer Barnaud gave advice with a bitter expression. From his tone it was clear that he himself wasn’t satisfied with that plan.<br/>
「What if we gather a lot of magicians to do a saturation attack that can overwhelm the enemy’s Cancel? They won’t have that many magicians even if they can gather soldiers.」<br/>
Flandre nodded deeply at Borodino’s proposal.<br/>
「I see, even if we rely on numbers, we will be able to reduce the casualties if we can make good use of magic. I’ll also request each unit to donate their magician to us.」<br/>
Mana could be recovered by simply sleeping for a night.<br/>
Flandre sighed in relief because they finally managed to find a strategy with some good prospects.<br/>
「Your excellency. My Blue Dragon Knight Order is a unit with many magicians even among all the knight orders. So please allow us to accompany the militia in standing at the forefront of the battle.」<br/>
It was a splendid negotiation technique. Flandre grinned fiercely at Borodino.<br/>
Flandre, who was Soyuz’s vice commander, was painfully aware of why Borodino dearly wished to obtain achievements. At the same time Borodino’s high fighting spirit was also extremely easy for him to use.<br/>
「Very well. I expect splendid achievements from you.」<br/>
.<br/>
Part 7<br/>
Since Baldr was appointed to Antrim, an unprecedented wave of prosperity also reached the Falkirk territory that was neighboring it.<br/>
Its feudal lord Alan who wasn’t thinking well of Baldr at first also changed his opinion.<br/>
With the growth of Antrim’s population and various products circulating there, merchants were also inevitably passing through Falkirk territory. It resulted in a lot of money also flowing into Falkirk territory.<br/>
With the increase of revenue and the fattening of his wallet, Alan even forgot the hostility that he harbored toward Baldr and he ended up trying to put some distance between himself and Hastings and the other conservatism nobles.<br/>
Alan even refused when a messenger demanded him to announce disownment toward Baldr when he got engaged with Agatha the other day. Furthermore, it wasn’t only his livelihood that was getting wealthier, he also became able to obtain precious items that were hard to obtain even in the capital.<br/>
If things kept going in this way, Alan might be able to move up toward the central government even without relying on the conservative nobles.<br/>
.<br/>
「──Is that true!?」<br/>
Alan yelled with uncontrollable anger.<br/>
His subordinates reported to him that the Haurelia army was entering war preparation. It felt like he could hear the sounds of his dream crumbling even though it was finally progressing smoothly.<br/>
「There is almost no doubt that their target is Antrim. The youths from the villages near the border are already getting conscripted and an army is being organized at their capital.」<br/>
This wasn’t a joke.<br/>
No matter how prosperous Antrim had become, the difference in military strength when compared to Haurelia Kingdom was too despairing.<br/>
Antrim would surely be trampled instantly and then the enemy would attack this Falkirk territory.<br/>
「Just a bit more……if only there is at least two more years, my longstanding desire will come true!」<br/>
War was also a harmful pest that gnawed at one’s money.<br/>
Food, equipment, the lodging expenses of soldiers. Alan felt dizzy just from thinking all of that.<br/>
The battle would be a defensive battle with their side at a disadvantage. It was clear that he would need to pay for a lot of war expenditures without being able to expect any benefit at all for it.<br/>
He would have to save up money for his campaign funds in the capital from zero again. Alan was seriously considering that he had to give up his dream when he imagined the time and effort that he would need.<br/>
「My lord, there is a letter from Hastings House……」<br/>
「What? Show me right away!」<br/>
A servant appeared fearfully. Alan snatched the letter from him violently and read the words of the letter greedily.<br/>
『Antrim’s military personnel is less than a thousand, while Haurelia army number ten thousand. The result of the battle is clear to see. The Haurelia army that is buoyed by victory will surely move to trample Falkirk territory next without any delay. Even if Bradford House manages to hold back their advance, the expenses for supporting the warfront that is at a stalemate will undoubtedly destroy Falkirk House’s finance from its roots.』<br/>
The letter was spelling a prediction that was exactly like what Alan was thinking.<br/>
Alan nodded in agreement at Count Hastings prediction that was matching his.<br/>
『Then it will be better instead to collapse the valley to prevent Haurelia from invading. There is no other way than this if Falkirk House wishes to distance itself from the frontier.』<br/>
The letter further concluded with this at the end.<br/>
『Entrust the future of Falkirk House to the rightful place.』<br/>
Any noble would be able to guess that this rightful place must be referring to Duke Beaufort.<br/>
「──This is for the sake of protecting our country. It can’t be helped.」<br/>
Alan leaped at the hand that was reaching out from the edge of despair without any hesitation.<br/>
Although Antrim had been bringing benefit to him until now, it was impossible for Alan to put himself at risk for Antrim’s sake.<br/>
Alan didn’t feel any pang of conscience at all with his decision to abandon Baldr.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 8<br/>
*Hyun*, the sound of the air being slashed through was accompanied with the glint of a blade dancing through the air. The leaf that was carried by the wind was slashed to small pieces and scattered without leaving any of its original traces behind.<br/>
For her, such a result wasn’t even a tenth, no, not even a hundredth of what she could originally do.<br/>
Maggot put her hand on her greatly inflated stomach. Although her expression softened somewhat with affection, for her who had cut open her path in life with her martial arts until now, she was feeling hopelessly vexed at her own powerlessness.<br/>
「For the Silver Light of all people to be in this state when a battle is approaching……」<br/>
Even at Cornelius, no, exactly because it was at Cornelius, information about the approaching rematch with Haurelia was quickly spreading everywhere.<br/>
That also included the information that Haurelia’s first target was Antrim.<br/>
If Maggot’s physical condition was flawless, she would head to Antrim immediately.<br/>
Maggot wasn’t so ignorant of war strategy that she didn’t understand the severity of the situation her beloved son was placed in.<br/>
The situation where Baldr was placed in right now was even more severe than that time when Cornelius was just a step away from falling. Maggot was sure of it.<br/>
He was her only son that she raised in hardship.<br/>
Maggot never forgot for even a moment the deep emotion that pierced through her heart when she held Baldr who was just born in her arms.<br/>
Her instinct certainly felt the connection of blood between them.<br/>
She thought that she would simply die in battle alone. Yet at that moment she felt that she was a parent for real.<br/>
She also felt a relief for being able to have a child with her beloved Ignis──<br/>
「Baldr……」<br/>
It wasn’t that she didn’t believe in her son’s strength.<br/>
From what Maggot knew, Baldr had grown to become a capable commander that she wouldn’t want to turn into an enemy onn the battlefield the most.<br/>
The problem was how lacking Baldr’s experience was and the quality and quantity of the soldiers who would become his arms and legs on the battlefield.<br/>
Brooks and Nelson, who were acting as Baldr’s staff officers, were also lacking in experience. The loyalty of the former mercenaries that were led by Zirco were also still in doubt despite their abundant experience. Especially now that the Haurelia army would be invading with an overwhelming difference in strength, there was no guarantee that they wouldn’t desert.<br/>
Maggot had killed countless soldiers, assassins, and mercenaries as she pleased until now……their miserable figure in death now led her thought toward Baldr’s death in her mind.<br/>
If she was at her normal state, even if it was impossible to bring Antrim to victory, she would at least be able to escape while bringing Baldr with her to safety but…….<br/>
「I’m a worthless mother……to be unable to do anything while my son is in the greatest danger of his life.」<br/>
Maggot swung her sword in blind anger while she was heaving, but then strong arms hugged her from behind.<br/>
「……Are you satisfied now?」<br/>
「There is no way I’m satisfied! Is this really alright, Ignis? That child might die, you know!?」<br/>
For a moment Ignis thought that the possibility of Baldr dying was higher when he was going through Maggot’s training, but he wisely kept his mouth shut and kept hugging his beloved wife.<br/>
「The night wind isn’t good for the child in your stomach……leave everything to me for now.」<br/>
Maggot bit her lip in frustration. Ignis kissed her as though to lick her tongue and smiled.<br/>
Of course Ignis too wasn’t planning to abandon Baldr without doing anything.<br/>
However, if Antrim fell, Cornelius would definitely become the next battlefield. He couldn’t just cut corners with Cornelius’s protection.<br/>
Even though Cornelius territory’s financial situation had changed for the better, preparation for war still needed a vast amount of money and manpower.<br/>
Here Ignis was relying on his best friend Mattis.<br/>
Mattis’s Bradford territory was not far from Antrim. It was easy for him to send reinforcements.<br/>
Also, as his comrade-in-arms in the past, Ignis held a deep trust in Mattis’s excellent tactical skill.<br/>
Furthermore, Mattis was greatly indebted to Baldr for pushing his daughter Teresa to become the wife of the crown prince of Sanjuan Kingdom. He was surely starting the preparation to send reinforcements happily instead.<br/>
「Right now is the time for me to repay Baldr-dono!」<br/>
At Bradford territory, Mattis looked like he became ten years younger when he yelled that.<br/>
「Mattis is promising to gather all the troops within his territory as reinforcements. And it seems Mattis’s little brother, Baron Guise, is also going to help. Haurelia also won’t have any leeway to send their whole army to Antrim alone.」<br/>
For Haurelia, Antrim would only be the prelude. It was a battle where it would only be natural for them to win.<br/>
Only after they suppressed Antrim that could possibly become a base for counter invasion, could they put their whole effort into conquering Cornelius. That was Haurelia’s basic policy, so there was no reason why they would send too many troops to Antrim.<br/>
At this time Ignis didn’t know that Haurelia was greatly vigilant toward Antrim’s defensive readiness. He was thinking that Baldr would have enough chance of victory if several thousand reinforcements from Mattis and the surrounding nobles came under Baldr’s command.<br/>
「Naive──you’re naïve Ignis.」<br/>
Maggot shook her head powerlessly.<br/>
Ignis couldn’t hide his bewilderment seeing his wife’s expression that was like a frail girl for the first time.<br/>
Maggot was someone who always cut open her own path with her own power until now.<br/>
There was a part of her personality that was adorable like a maiden, but at her core she was undoubtedly a warrior.<br/>
That Maggot was now crying full of grief like a powerless girl.<br/>
「I can feel it……the center of this war will be Antrim without a doubt. In the worst case, they won’t even pay any attention to Cornelius. I cannot feel the spirit of their army at all. even though I felt it so fiercely in the previous war.」<br/>
Maggot had fought for many years as a mercenary at the frontline of many wars. She had the ability to sense the invisible spirit of the army although she herself didn’t understand the logic behind it.<br/>
In the previous war, Cornelius was surrounded with a ferocious army spirit as though there was a southern cyclone raging around. However, right now she was only feeling a calm atmosphere like the mild late autumn weather.<br/>
In contrast, Maggot sensed that a malicious army spirit was whirling around Antrim like a giant tornado.<br/>
(Baldr……forgive your powerless mother……)<br/>
The clear pulsation of life that Maggot felt in her stomach was also her beloved child.<br/>
Maggot clung on Ignis’s chest and wailed in heartrending grief.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 9<br/>
「Enough already!」<br/>
It was rare for Baldr to raise his voice like that.<br/>
However, his voice felt somewhat lacking in spirit. A kind of impatience could be felt from it.<br/>
「We aren’t gonna leave Antrim no matter what ya said! This is the only thing that we won’t back off from even if it’s ya Baldr asking us!」<br/>
「I also agree with Selina.」<br/>
Selina and Seyruun wouldn’t stop disobeying. Baldr hit the table in irritation at them.<br/>
「This Antrim will become a battlefield soon! That’s why I’m telling you two to evacuate to the capital temporarily! This is an order!」<br/>
Baldr had made countermeasures for Antrim’s defense, even so he couldn’t make the possibility of something unforeseen happening to the non-combatants zero.<br/>
Baldr’s wish to evacuate the two from Antrim was his expression of love towards them, in his own way.<br/>
「It doesn’t matter what ya said, I’m not gonna listen to somethin’ like that. It’s impossible for us to run away to a safe place just by ourselves.」<br/>
「It’s useless even if you try to send us away forcefully. Don’t look down on the cooperation between women.」<br/>
Seyruun’s words implied that there were those who would secretly help them stay here. Baldr scratched his head roughly with a grimace hearing that.<br/>
Antrim that was preparing for war was lacking in manpower so much that they even wanted cats to help out if possible.<br/>
Even if Baldr was able to make them evacuate, he also couldn’t just send them off alone by themselves. Furthermore, if the two of them were resisting, he would have to send some soldiers to accompany them.<br/>
「Please give up, my lord. You’re only wasting time with them refusing like this.」<br/>
Agatha kept her aloof expression even when Baldr glared at her like she was his parent’s killer.<br/>
Unlike Seyruun and Selina, it was already decided that Agatha was going to stay in Antrim as Baldr’s head secretary.<br/>
A part of it was because Agatha’s skill was necessary to maintain Antrim’s government in working order, but it was also because she was a bait to drag out reinforcement from Randolph House.<br/>
There would be no excuse for Randolph House to send reinforcements if Agatha returned to them.<br/>
.<br/>
Meanwhile, Seyruun and Selina were also aware that they were acting selfishly.<br/>
They recalled the scene when they were almost kidnapped by Torus in Cornelius territory.<br/>
They couldn’t forget how they were a burden for Baldr on that day.<br/>
Even so, their hearts refused to leave Baldr’s side.<br/>
It could be called their womanly instinct.<br/>
There was a reason why they mustn’t left Baldr’s side──<br/>
But it was only a feeling of conviction that they couldn’t explain, so they couldn’t say it to Baldr.<br/>
「Even if we haven’t held the ceremony we are still yer wife at heart. We’re gonna protect our husband’s place to return.」<br/>
「……Yes.」<br/>
The man was gradually turning powerless before the teamwork of the women.<br/>
Even Baldr who was feared by Haurelia was helpless before the teamwork of his three wives and their female subordinates.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 10<br/>
Dorun had finished the mobilization of the soldiers and urged them to be in high spirits for the coming battle. He was drunk with exaltation at the chance for revenge that arrived faster than what he thought.<br/>
The number of soldiers that Selvi House mobilized was more than 3000.<br/>
Furthermore, all of them consisted of elites who had continued training for many years so that their skill wouldn’t turn rusty. It could be said that their strength was standing out even among the troops of other nobles in Haurelia Kingdom.<br/>
Regretfully, they didn’t have a stock of supplies that would allow them to fight a protracted battle, but that wasn’t something unique to Selvi House alone. It was a weak point that was shared by the whole Haurelia army.<br/>
That was why Haurelia’s strategy aimed to have a decisive battle of brief duration. They prioritized expanding the military and endured the hardship after the previous war for that.<br/>
「……This day finally arrives.」<br/>
The corps commander of Selvi House Omal was standing side by side with Dorun while looking fondly at the soldiers.<br/>
The white in his hair was starting to stand out, but he still boasted an imposing body that hadn’t declined.<br/>
In the past he was a knight who was known as someone distinguished in Haurelia, but he returned to his birthplace after his big brother died, and the army of Selvi House was entrusted to him for all these years.<br/>
Dorun and Emal had known each other for long, but there was a bitter feeling shared between the two of them for a certain matter.<br/>
「……I want to show this sight to Torus too.」<br/>
At the surface Torus was reported as dying in an accident in the middle of training. These two were the two who evaluated him higher than anyone else.<br/>
「We will return that debt with this.」<br/>
Selvi House was in control of the noble army at the eastern border of Cornelius. It was estimated that they would lead seven thousand troops. The troops of nobles at the south of Selvi House were already gathering one after another.<br/>
They would wait for the main force of Haurelia Kingdom to conquer Antrim and arrive in position, and then they would attack Cornelius at the same time from the north and south. That was the strategy this time.<br/>
Against their force, the army that was led by their hated enemy Ignis was only around 2000. They had also heard from their spy that Ignis was unable to expect much reinforcements from the nobles around his territory.<br/>
Silver Light Maggot who was the biggest threat was powerless now because of her pregnancy. There was nothing for them to fear any more.<br/>
「Foolish Ignis. You shall receive your just dessert now.」<br/>
Ignis was the buffoon who stole the victory that was promised to Haurelia by making use of the rare opportunity that was brought about by a single mercenaryMaggot’s suicide attack.<br/>
He was also a war idiot who then married that mercenary and disgraced the honor of nobility without a care in the world.<br/>
That bastard should receive his just desserts together with the dishonor of defeat.<br/>
Dorun had stopped trying to hide his resentment toward Ignis that he couldn’t forget for even a moment since Ignis sent Torus’s corpse back.<br/>
「The nobles army and the main force will be 27000 soldiers in total. Just try to defend against this if you can.」<br/>
Dorun was assured of victory with this difference of strength that far surpassed even the previous war.<br/>
It would still take a while until Dorun would be shocked by how that essential main force ended up.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 11<br/>
There were three routes to Antrim.<br/>
The northern route was a natural fortress due to the steep Morgan mountain range. It prevented a large army from invading.<br/>
The eastern part of Antrim was where it was the easiest for a large army to be deployed.<br/>
Because there was a wide plain there without any terrain that could be a hindrance, Haurelia’s regular army that reached a total of 20000 took full advantage of their numbers to invade from this eastern route.<br/>
Even so, it would be strategically inept to just ignore the southern route.<br/>
An army of 1200 soldiers from Viscount Savoie and his surrounding nobles would invade from the southern route as a diversion.<br/>
Potomac River acts as a natural border at this south route. Its plentiful water protects Antrim from invasion.<br/>
There wouldn’t be much problem for Antrim if the bridge was destroyed at the start of battle and some soldiers were placed there as lookouts.<br/>
Although, even a mere 1200 soldiers from Count Savoie were already a large army for Antrim. Assigning some soldiers to respond to that was a problem that brought a painful headache to Baldr.<br/>
「Was the water gate’s construction all right?」<br/>
「We somehow made it in time. Please give some praise to the foremen later.」<br/>
Tyros gave an immediate reply to Baldr’s words. He was the one who was single-handedly taking care of Antrim’s construction works right now.<br/>
Tyros was Baldr’s oldest close aide. He was also his retainer that had deeply studied Baldr’s out of the norm knowledge.<br/>
「The project is divided into ten sections, in addition each section has its own team with five locals assigned to each team.」<br/>
It wasn’t particularly unusual to form teams depending on the place.<br/>
However, by gathering the people from the same place together and making them compete with each other, the work pace would be improved dramatically.<br/>
「Every eight days, the team with the best progress will be rewarded. In addition, I will arrange so that those who does their work wonderfully can become the direct retainer of Viscount Antrim.」<br/>
There was no way the spirit of the workers wouldn’t rise with that.<br/>
「The reward this time will be ours!」<br/>
「Dream on! We aren’t raised at Morgan’s mountain just for show!」<br/>
The work was progressing with astonishing pace, but there was a precedent that became the model of this method.<br/>
The Gamou clan where Oka Sanai who was sleeping inside Baldr was serving had received a strong influence from Oda Nobunaga because the clan head, Ujisato, once was his son-in-law. After Nobunaga died a tragic death at Honnoji, Ujisato became a core existence that supported Hashiba Hideyoshi and took lessons from his methods. It wouldn’t be wrong to call him a daimyo who was modeled after those two big names.<br/>
Stimulating a human’s desire with money and making workmen compete with each other were methods that Hideyoshi specialized in. Sanai himself was also familiar with those methods.<br/>
Baldr’s previous life Oka Masaharu also knew things like Prussia’s Kantonssystem and old Japan military’s division system where soldiers were organized based on their birthplace to nurture feelings of solidarity and instigate a feeling of rivalry.<br/>
Tyros had absorbed Sanai and Masaharu’s knowledge through Baldr and made use of it splendidly. He succeeded in making Antrim’s defensive net take shape somehow.<br/>
Most likely, Tyros was the one who could understand Baldr’s intentions the most among all his subordinates.<br/>
He was inferior in martial arts when compared to Brooks and Nelson. He was also inferior in literary arts when compared to Agatha and Baldr. But perhaps it was Tyros who was able to serve as Baldr’s right hand man in its truest meaning.<br/>
「──What about the storage of that?」<br/>
「With the amount we need……it might only be enough for a single battle.」<br/>
「There is no use asking for what we don’t have huh.」<br/>
Baldr let out a tired sigh. It felt like he aged by ten years during these several days.<br/>
「Hurry with the evacuation of the workers except for the important places. We don’t have much more time for doing work.」<br/>
「Please leave it to me.」<br/>
The invasion from Haurelia was going to arrive soon.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 12<br/>
The authorities of Haurelia in both bureaucracy and military were arrayed in the throne room.<br/>
The king Louis Ferdinand was sitting calmly on the throne at the center that was extravagantly decorated. He was looking down on a single man.<br/>
The man──Flandre was wearing armor all over his body and bowing with a beautiful posture that was flowing smoothly. He stated his oath of his departure to the frontlines before his king with a sonorous voice.<br/>
「Your majesty’s servant, Flandre Gustin(フランドル・ガスティン) will offer my whole body and soul to bring back victory.」<br/>
「Umu, I pray that you don’t betray mine expectation.」<br/>
「By your will.」<br/>
Louis slowly stood up and drew out the sword on his waist. He made it touch Flandre’s shoulder.<br/>
「Under my name I appoint you, Flandre Gustin to be the commander-in-chief of the expeditionary force to Mmauricia as well as the great general of the kingdom.」<br/>
「It’s a great honor.」<br/>
Great general was lower ranked than the military minister, but it was a rank for the commander-in-chief who controlled the army at the actual battle. The person with this rank was the nearest to being the highest authority of the military when the country was in the middle of war.<br/>
Flandre who had worked his way up from the battlefield until this position was trembling in happiness from the honor.<br/>
For Flandre, who wasn’t interested in the politics of the palace, the position of great general was his greatest wish.<br/>
At the same time, with this position he also wouldn’t be able to escape responsibility no matter what if he failed in the expedition.<br/>
「Great general-dono, I hope that you won’t make the same mistake as Soyuz.」<br/>
Richelieu(リシュリュー), who was appointed to be the prime minister that replaced Duke Maurice after his downfall in the previous war shook Flandre’s hand with a gentle smile.<br/>
More than ten years ago, the previous prime minister lost his standing due to the war ending in a draw that wasn’t any different from defeat. For him, Flandre’s result would also affect him greatly.<br/>
The king couldn’t possibly be asked to take responsibility publicly, so it was something very natural for the prime minister to be forced to bear the responsibility and resign in this kind of international battle.<br/>
However, that wasn’t the only worry in Richelieu’s mind.<br/>
After the last war ended, Haurelia Kingdom sacrificed a lot of things because of their priority to reorganize the military.<br/>
Because of that decision, Haurelia Kingdom boasted military power and proficiency that were twice their nemesis Mauricia Kingdom, but if they were defeated by any chance, it would be impossible to force the country to keep making the same sacrifice for ten more years.<br/>
Considering the state the country would be in dozens of years from now, this would be their last chance to invade Mauricia Kingdom.<br/>
「I will bring back a report of victory without fail.」<br/>
「Ou, how very reliable you are, supreme commander Flandre!」<br/>
The one who praised Flandre with a good mood was Marquis Selvi, Andrei who had a wide smile on his face.<br/>
Andrei had tasted countless hardships for the sake of this day’s arrival.<br/>
In order to clear the disgrace he tasted more than ten years ago, Andrei restored the military force within his territory, heightened the tendency within the country for resuming the war, and obsessively devoted himself to gathering information from the enemy country to the point that he even lost his precious retainer.<br/>
There was no one in Haurelia’s palace who didn’t know of the depth of his obsession.<br/>
Although he had lost his two biological sons, he still had some illegitimate children. And yet he adopted a child from Duke Karolinger who had strong influence within the kingdom to be his heir. It was truly a desperate political move.<br/>
It went without saying that after that Marquis Selvi was seen with both fear and also scorn for his burning obsession for revenge, one that made him not even hesitate to allow his bloodline to be cut off.<br/>
「……I hope that you will win, for the sake of our country too.」<br/>
In contrast with Andre who was in high spirits, Duke Jean Monfort spat out those words with displeasure.<br/>
Jean was already past 65 years old. He was stricken by grief with his powerlessness to stop this war. He looked like he had grown older by ten years.<br/>
(How mortifying……there will be nothing but grudges remaining behind without any benefit even if we are controlled by vengeful spirits to go to war like this.)<br/>
Jean was an unusual existence in a military country like Haurelia Kingdom. He focused on encouraging new industry and he also displayed his ability in reducing the pointless waste of military spending.<br/>
If the royal family was excluded, he could be said as the man with most assets in the kingdom.<br/>
Jean thought that war was a hindrance for economic activity instead.<br/>
Of course it would be possible to obtain immense benefits if they could win the war, but they would need a very one-sided victory in order to obtain benefit that would balance out the war expenses.<br/>
In Jean’s estimation, the possibility of victory was quite high, but it was unknown whether the return would balance the expenses. And above all else, the risk was too high.<br/>
「Everyone! Raise your cup! Victory is in our hand! Cheers!」<br/>
The king proclaimed loudly. The chief vassals participating in this event also cheered loudly in unison.<br/>
「Cheers!」<br/>
In the end, would there really be a chance for them to get drunk with the delicious alcohol of victory?<br/>
Jean poured the finest quality of wine into his throat, while inside his mind, he was starting to draw the plan for the aftermath in case Haurelia Kingdom failed to grasp victory.<br/>
After all, in case they were defeated, there was no doubt that from there it would be Jean and his anti-war faction who would grasp the leadership of Haurelia Kingdom.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 13<br/>
Randolph House was gathering soldiers to reinforce Alford’s son-in-law Baldr just the other day.<br/>
Silk’s irritation was flaring up because of how slow the troops were mobilizing.<br/>
She wanted to rush off alone if it was possible. She was holding down that impulse with the strength of her will forcefully.<br/>
What was necessary for Antrim right now wasn’t Silk personally, but the power of Randolph House’s troops.<br/>
「Don’t die, Baldr.」<br/>
It was a love that she planned to give up.<br/>
It was a love that couldn’t possibly come true. She had been postponing giving it up by thinking if only there was time, if only she had the resolve, on and on.<br/>
<br/>
However, when she heard that Baldr might not even see tomorrow with the Haurelia army approaching Antrim with an overwhelming force, she became unable to hold back the lovesickness that she had been suppressing with her logic from overflowing.<br/>
The door of Silk’s room was knocked. Then Alford appeared with a forced smile pasted on his face.<br/>
「S-say, Silk. As expected, shouldn’t you reconsider? I think there is no need for you to expressly go there yourself……」<br/>
Arnold’s voice had no energy in it because he had failed many times to persuade her until now.<br/>
「Otou-sama is also going to personally sally out, so why is it not alright for me to come along too!?」<br/>
「B-but you see. You are the only child of Randolph House. It will be problematic if you go to battlefield together with me.」<br/>
「It’s exactly because I’m the only child! I need to obtain deeds of arms exactly because I’m going to shoulder this Randolph House in the future!」<br/>
Silk had no intention to stay behind no matter what Alford said.<br/>
She didn’t want to experience it anymore, having an important fate being settled in a faraway place where she couldn’t do anything about it.<br/>
She wanted to become of help for Baldr no matter how small it was, rather than staying still tormented by her feeling of powerlessness.<br/>
If Alford forcefully left her behind, then she intended to run away and rush off alone toward Antrim.<br/>
Alford seemed to realize her determination and grimaced as though he had bitten a sour grape.<br/>
「──We are going to support that brat, but we aren’t heading to Antrim you know?」<br/>
「What!?」<br/>
Silk was taken aback by Alford’s completely unexpected words.<br/>
Where were they going to go if not Antrim?<br/>
In the first place, Randolph House’s dignity would fall into mud if they abandoned Baldr who was Alford’s son-in-law.<br/>
Silk didn’t think that her father would make such a stupid mistake.<br/>
「Are you still going to come along even then?」<br/>
Silk hesitated slightly, but her decision hadn’t changed.<br/>
Silk’s pride didn’t allow her to simply be resigned to fate and stay home while fiddling her hand doing nothing.<br/>
「……Yes.」<br/>
「You must never tell anyone about what I’m going to tell you.」<br/>
This was a top secret that was entrusted to Alford from King Welkin.<br/>
Even though he knew that there wasn’t any spy around them, he unconsciously lowered his volume and whispered.<br/>
「We’re going to rush south at full speed towards the Sanjuan Kingdom.」<br/>
Silk doubted her ears when she heard that.<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 