[Landing: Isekai Tensei Soudouki v7c4](https://bakapervert.wordpress.com/2020/06/19/soudouki-v7-finished/)
<br/><br/>
Soudouki Vol 7 Chapter 4 (10443 words) wordpress<br/>
Soudouki Vol 8 Illustrations<br/>
Soudouki Vol 8 Character Introduction (258 words) wordpress<br/>
 
<br/>
[Article: Isekai Tensei Soudouki v7c4](https://bakapervert.wordpress.com/soudouki-vol-7-chapter-4/)
<br/><br/>
Chapter 4 – The Power to Change the World<br/>
.<br/>
Part 1<br/>
Baldr was going through his dizzyingly busy days without even knowing about Nordland’s movement.<br/>
He already obtained the cooperation of Sanjuan Kingdom and Majorca Kingdom.<br/>
And then──through the intermediation of Selina’s Savaran Company, Trystovy’s maritime guild offered a large scale fund support as well as their assistance for expansion of foreign trade to Baldr.<br/>
The maritime guild was definitely taking action while knowing about Baldr’s secret. Although Baldr felt wariness toward their action, the maritime guild was a force that he had to make into his ally one day if he wished to unite Trystovy.<br/>
Baldr had no option to refuse this. After all Baldr had stepped into a path where there was no going back for him anymore.<br/>
.<br/>
Baldr invested the fund he obtained from Sanjuan Kingdom and the maritime guild without holding back. With that the development of the new Margrave Antrim territory was progressing with a great momentum.<br/>
First he developed the ore mines that was stretching from the old Antrim territory to the old Falkirk territory.<br/>
A lot of mines had been discovered since the past at Morgan Mountains. They mainly produced iron and copper.<br/>
All those mines had been closed for a long time because there wasn’t enough manpower and the mining technology also hadn’t advanced.<br/>
Antrim was a place that was too dangerous militarily to do mining, processing the ores, and then exporting the product.<br/>
No matter the world, a place that was at great risk to be swallowed in the flame of war anytime would never have its industry growing properly regardless of how good its location was.<br/>
──But the situation had made a turnaround.<br/>
The fame of an extraordinary hero who repelled a major country with only few soldiers became an unmatched guarantee of safety.<br/>
People would naturally gather if they smelled the scent of money and knew that it would be safe.<br/>
The wheel of economy would turn when people gathered. Right now the territory of Margrave Antrim was erupting with unprecedented wave of prosperity.<br/>
Mine laborers gathered one after another looking for job and the problem of manpower was solved.<br/>
In addition, the advance of the mining technology was also remarkable.<br/>
There were three more reasons why the mines were closed.<br/>
First was in case the vein of ore was completely exhausted.<br/>
The next reason was when the profit was insufficient because of the circumstances surrounding the mine.<br/>
And then the last reason was in case the tunnel became submerged in water and it became physically impossible to continue mining.<br/>
Even in Japan there were mines that was forced to close at the early year of Edo period because spring water submerged the tunnels.<br/>
Uesugi House that Sanai served also possessed Narumi gold mine and Okutadami silver mine (Sado gold mine was undeveloped) which produced gold mine magistrates in great numbers like Abe Tsunayoshi for example, but it was thought that there was no technocrat like Ookubo Chouan among them.<br/>
The mysterious person Ookubo Nagayasu who held tremendous influence in ore mine development switched from the traditional vertical digging to horizontal digging at the early days of Edo period. He ordered things like digging horizontal pit for draining water and the like and revived the closed mines one after another.<br/>
Also by using the amalgam method that originated from Europe instead of cupellation method that originated from China for refining the ore, he succeeded in producing a lot more gold and silver.<br/>
Unfortunately Antrim didn’t have gold mine, but Baldr sold this technology to Lefthoas gold mine that was a prominent gold mine at Nordland. He sold this technology via Garibaldi Company that had some influence in Nordland.<br/>
With this ten percent of the increased production of gold would enter into Baldr’s pocket. When August received that report from his subordinate, he held his head and grumbled 「Baldr should become our company president instead if it’s like this isn’t it?」 because of how immense the profit was.<br/>
Along with the development of mines, Baldr was also developing railroad construction for using rail car operated with human power.<br/>
Rail car was also something that was like a fixed feature of mines all over earth in the past. That was just how indispensable rail car was for transport in mine.<br/>
Manual rail car was still used even at the modern era in developing countries. Among them there was even something like the bamboo trolley at Philippine that borrowed a public railway for itself as it pleased.<br/>
The manual rail car would still put a heavy burden on manpower, but it was definitely a far more effective transport compared to using horse carriage or people carrying ore on their back through mountain path. This method should greatly reduce the mining expense.<br/>
Baldr poured his excess fund and manpower to make the railroad track construction progressed rapidly. In the faster cases they could even expect for the track to start operating after half a month.<br/>
.<br/>
「……Tyros, you can unload your works to your subordinates a little you know?」<br/>
This man might have even more stamina than him who had King’s Gate.<br/>
Tyros’s competence in all fields was managing numerous projects. His work attitude even caused Baldr to have such doubt.<br/>
「I’m simply observing in those works. There is no problem.」<br/>
The way Tyros worked made Baldr wondered when he had the time to sleep. Even the core bureaucrats of Antrim including Agatha and Brandon had gone past feeling astonishment and felt scared instead seeing Tyros’s work attitude.<br/>
Even so, it was also a fact that there was still no one who could replace Tyros.<br/>
They were currently hiring new personnel, but they had to first assigned some people to educate the new hires, and there were too many secrets in Antrim that couldn’t be exposed to people who couldn’t be trusted.<br/>
As the result, in such cases Baldr had no other way but to entrust it to his right hand man Tyros. It was a vicious cycle.<br/>
「I won’t be able to be present in the communication experiment today. My deepest apologies.」<br/>
「No, I will attend that test, you don’t need to do even more work than this!」<br/>
Antrim would fall into a dire strait if Tyros collapsed here, no joke about it.<br/>
Tyros’s existence was even more important than Baldr in a sense. If someone wished to destroy Antrim, assassinating Tyros would be the surest way to achieve it.<br/>
「Please don’t worry. This Tyros is very aware of his own limit.」<br/>
Tyros had specialized all his activity from moderating his eating habits until his lifestyle, all in order to endure his harsh duty and devoted his everything for Baldr’s sake. This was what he thought in his mind while showing a smile that showed no fatigue at all.<br/>
(That’s right, let’s go check on how Marguerite-sama and Nigel-sama are doing. I’ll be able to fight for ten more years after receiving energy from those two!)<br/>
.<br/>
Now then, the experiment that was planned at the afternoon was the use of primitive crystal radio.<br/>
The development had started since more than one year ago, but the path until it could be used practically was full of great hardships.<br/>
(Ee~~? It shouldn’t be like this though……)<br/>
It was only natural that Baldr’s previous life, Oka Masaharu was grieving like that.<br/>
When he was at high school, Masaharu had once created a crystal radio by himself. However the copper wire and brass board that he used were something that he purchased from shop. Baldr also couldn’t obtain iron pyrites, magnetite, or galena, so diode was used to replace them.<br/>
Perhaps it was because of that the crystal radio that Baldr created this time after gathering all the materials from zero needed more than half a year of trial & error until it could receive radio signal properly.<br/>
However the radio then met a roadblock which was its volume that was too small. It was only the other day that it was decided to temporarily use wind magic to make use of the radio.<br/>
The weak point of magic was that its power would decrease in inverse proportion to the distance, but it was convenient to use magic to amplify a very near sound.<br/>
Baldr would be pressed to make difficult political decisions from here on. If the transmission of information toward him could be sped up using radio communication network, it should become an immeasurable advantage for him.<br/>
.<br/>
「I have little time left……I don’t know how the maritime guild obtained the information but, it won’t be long before someone in Trystovy Dukedom and Mauricia Kingdom also reach the same answer.」<br/>
Before that Baldr had to first obtain an unshakeable power.<br/>
Antrim that possessed its own diplomacy pipe with Sanjuan Kingdom and Nordland Empire possessed economic and military strength that rivaled an independent small country.<br/>
If Baldr felt like it, it was even possible for him to go to war against Mauricia Kingdom.<br/>
However Baldr’s opponent wasn’t Mauricia Kingdom but Trystovy Dukedom.<br/>
There was also someone that he absolutely had to persuade so that he could direct the strength he accumulated toward Trystovy.<br/>
It wasn’t King Welkin. As long as Baldr had made the preparation and removed the obstacles, King Welkin wasn’t a man who would make an irrational decision.<br/>
The problem was someone who made a decision based on their emotion without considering any loss and gain.<br/>
At present a major member of the ten great nobles, Alford Randolph was leading the royalist faction of Trystovy. It was nearly impossible to aim to become Trystovy’s king without involving him.<br/>
Perhaps it could be said as fortunate that Alford didn’t wish for his daughter Silk to become Trystovy’s queen. Rather he wanted to keep Silk away from a scene of carnage like Trystovy’s civil war if possible.<br/>
Baldr held exactly the same opinion in that regard.<br/>
Silk was a capable military officer, but her feminine gentleness and purity would definitely become a shackle in a place like Trystovy that was smeared with all manner of corruption.<br/>
「……Depressing.」<br/>
Baldr thought of the difficulty he would face when negotiating with that Alford and he looked up at the sky with a frown.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 2<br/>
Margrave Antrim visited Randolph House.<br/>
With both sides being as busy as they were, quite a long time was necessary in order to find a day where their schedule could match for them to meet.<br/>
And then today Baldr came to Randolph House for the first time since their last meeting.<br/>
One side was a major member of the ten great nobles, while the other side was one of the only two margraves in Mauricia and a hero who boasted influence that in reality equaled or even surpassed one of the ten great nobles.<br/>
These two people would surely gather attention regardless whether the reason of the visit was personal or official.<br/>
Even so Silk was feeling a happiness that she found it hard to suppress from Baldr’s visit.<br/>
「……Somehow it feels like we haven’t met for several years.」<br/>
Events that normal human would never experience for their whole life even once had happened in succession within this short period. Because of that she couldn’t help but feel that the time had passed for even longer than it actually was.<br/>
She was also feeling impatient because of Princess Rachel’s proactive approach toward Baldr at the capital.<br/>
It was a common knowledge now that King Welkin was trying to marry Rachel to Baldr.<br/>
Although it was unavoidable in order to reward Baldr’s achievement, it was certainly a good sense for the royal family to plan to quickly carry favor with a territory like Antrim that was already like a semi-independent country.<br/>
Even so, she still didn’t have the slightest intention to hand over Baldr to Rachel without resitstance.<br/>
「……I wonder if there would be a bit more development between him and me if we stayed longer in the knight academy just like that?」<br/>
At that time her mind was only filled with the thought of inheriting her mother’s feeling, so perhaps there would be no such development.<br/>
Even so they would be able to act at ease with each other in the academy life. But now such thing felt like something that happened more than ten years in the past.<br/>
Silk had confessed in the confusion of the war, but after that they continued with the state of being more than friend but less than lover. Perhaps it couldn’t be helped because she was the only daughter of Randolph House, but she had finally confessed, so she wished to at least hear a clear answer from Baldr. It was the silly wish of her maiden heart.<br/>
「Yosh! Let’s put some effort!」<br/>
Silk huffed in motivation and headed to the bathroom resolutely.<br/>
She would completely polish her whole body from the top of her head until the tip of her feet and displayed her best appearance to Baldr.<br/>
Alford understood the feeling of her daughter like the back of his own hand, that was why he felt a black sneer rising from the bottom of his stomach.<br/>
「……Brat, I don’t know if you will be able to keep your life if you plan to ask for something like Silk’s hand in marriage.」<br/>
‘Gu-fu-fu-* Alford’s throat made a stifled chuckle. There were still several more hours until Baldr arrived at his presence.<br/>
Only Baldr himself knew whether he felt a chill on his back or not at this moment.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 3<br/>
Randolph House was located at the border between Mauricia Kingdom and Trystovy Kingdom. It has a history as a small dukedom at the past.<br/>
Because of that even now after it joined the rank of the ten great nobles, it was still maintaining a spirit of self-reliance and self-respect as though it was an independent country.<br/>
It accepted the royalist faction nobles that took flight from Trystovy and guaranteed their livelihood might not be unrelated from such disposition.<br/>
Baldr felt such impression after seeing the highway that was properly maintained and the populace of Randolph who were friendly but feeling like they were drawing a line somewhere from the rest of Mauricia Kingdom.<br/>
Vineyards could be seen stretching out as far as the eye could see in this fertile land with warm climate. Randolph was also famous as a place that produced wine.<br/>
Randolph territory wasn’t just bordered with Trystovy Dukedom, but also with Sanjuan Kingdom and the pope territory of Europa religion. Because of that this territory was thriving as a base for transit trade.<br/>
Of course Baldr also wouldn’t be surprised at all if Alford sheltered the fleeing nobles also in order to protect these rights.<br/>
Perhaps the rank of margrave would be the most suitable for Alford.<br/>
.<br/>
「……Eh?」<br/>
When the magnificent castle of Randolph House came into view, Baldr noticed that there was a group of dozens of people blocking the path.<br/>
There were also armed people among them. They seemed to be noble too seeing from their attire.<br/>
The aura that the group emitted was slightly too dangerous for them to be a welcoming committee from Alford.<br/>
「……My lord, should we break them up?」<br/>
「We are within the territory of Randolph House you know? Don’t say something dangerous like that.」<br/>
Because Brooks and others had been promoted, it was fresh recruits like Mycroft and Steve who were taking the role as Baldr’s bodyguard lately.<br/>
Especially Mycroft who was a beastman warrior which was a rarity in Mauricia Kingdom, he was deeply loyal but his belligerent attitude was like a fly in the ointment.<br/>
His childhood friend who grew up together with him Porco didn’t accompany him in his journey. Right now he was tasked with guarding Seyruun and Agatha as one of Baldr’s trusted aides.<br/>
To be honest a King’s Gate owner like Baldr didn’t need any bodyguard, but having a visible guard was also a necessary deterrence to stop other from trying anything.<br/>
「Am I correct to assume that you are the Margrave Antrim……?」<br/>
「──What is the business of you sirs that you are obstructing my path like this?」<br/>
Baldr had a gentle expression, but his tone was obviously that of someone higher rank feeling dissatisfaction. The men made an obvious grimacing expression at Baldr’s attitude. But, it seemed they didn’t have the guts to complain about it.<br/>
Although if by any chance these people were taking hostile action here, both Baldr and Mycroft wouldn’t hesitate to use force.<br/>
「Please pardon us for our impolite act. We are the retainers of Trystovy under the patronage of Marquis Randolph. We are here today because there is something that we wish to ask you lord margrave.」<br/>
Now Baldr realized why these people were unfamiliar to him, that was because they were apparently the nobles that took flight from Trystovy.<br/>
At the same time Baldr also guessed what they wanted by stopping him like this. Baldr felt ill will forming at the bottom of his stomach.<br/>
「Now then, what do you sirs wish to ask me?」<br/>
Baldr deliberately showed an air of composure. The man in his thirty who was acting as the group’s leader leaned forward as though to snap at Baldr.<br/>
Mycroft immediately moved to step in front of Baldr, but Baldr stopped him with one hand and urged the man to continue.<br/>
「I don’t wish to think that this might be true but, could it be that the lord margrave is here with the intent of asking Randolph House’s young lady for her hand in marriage?」<br/>
This was their intention as expected.<br/>
Due to the event that happened at the war previously, the rumor that Silk was in love with Baldr had already spread among the nobles who had ears everywhere.<br/>
And then the marriage proposal from Bernardi came after that.<br/>
For them, Silk was a figurehead for the sake of taking back Trystovy.<br/>
Because of that it wasn’t like that they would have a problem even if Silk married with a noble who would lend a hand for taking back Trystovy.<br/>
There were also young people among them who dreamed of marrying Silk and returning in triumph to Trystovy, but it was considered problematic if a powerless person married Silk without bringing anything to the table.<br/>
And then right now a hope that they would be able to return home and regained their old territory if Silk was married to Bernardi was born between the nobles in asylum here.<br/>
Of course it would be a different story if Princess Marguerite was found alive, but for them who had been forced to live in foreign country for more than ten years, losing the trump card that was Silk at this stage was something that they absolutely couldn’t accept.<br/>
「If I say that I’m here to do just that, what business you sirs have with that?」<br/>
「Good heavens! Silk-sama is the only remaining descendant of Trystovy royalty! Even if you lord margrave is a great noble of Mauricia Kingdom, we won’t allow you to do as you please!」<br/>
「──Are you sir accusing me that I won’t do right by Silk? Can I take that as your accusation toward this Margrave Baldr Antrim Cornelius of Mauricia Kingdom?」<br/>
The man wanted to yell in affirmative, but the man only groaned as though he had something hard pressed on his throat.<br/>
Baldr’s position rivaled a member of the ten great nobles both in formality and also in influence.<br/>
Not only rivaling, his influence could be considered as equal or even surpassing the top three of the ten great nobles. It wouldn’t be strange for these people to lose their head physically if they offended such an opponent even by mistake.<br/>
The man originally looked down on Baldr because of Baldr’s youth and because of his prejudice toward Baldr’s origin as a provincial noble, but he finally realized that he was now stepping on a tiger’s tail.<br/>
「I, I have no intention of making affront at the slightest. However, Silk-sama is an irreplaceable treasure for Trystovy Kingdom. I only wish to ask you lord margrave to take that into consideration, for the sake of both our countries too.」<br/>
Two young men who were standing behind the man walked forward. They couldn’t be patient anymore after seeing the man’s weak attitude.<br/>
「Watch it, this gentleman is Count Quatuor(クヮルトゥーロ), if times were better he should be the one who inherited the title of Marquis Fadini(ファディーニ). Don’t you think that you are saying too much even if you are a lord margrave?」<br/>
「O-oi, Batista(バティスタ), Calimero(カリメーロ), step back!」<br/>
「But Quatuor-sama!」<br/>
I don’t give a damn!<br/>
Baldr wanted to yell that to these two who were glaring at him like he was their parents’ murderer.<br/>
What worth there was in a status that had been lost?<br/>
Had they put in at least half of Silk’s effort to accomplish something with their own strength?<br/>
Wasn’t Trystovy Kingdom fallen into ruin because there were termites like you guys nesting there?<br/>
How much labor Silk had imposed to herself at the knight academy?<br/>
How large and heavy the responsibility that her small body was shouldering?<br/>
For Baldr who knew a fragment of that, these men’s self-centered desire was nothing but a blasphemy toward Silk.<br/>
Even when he stood up as the heir of Trystovy’s throne, Baldr had no intention to help shitty insects like these guys.<br/>
「And, what can you sirs do?」<br/>
They looked at each other’s face in incomprehension of what Baldr meant.<br/>
「You sirs have been extolling Silk since the beginning but, what is it that you sirs can do for Silk then? Are you all providing her with funding? Or perhaps soldiers? Or perhaps you are planning to stand at the frontline and fight by your own sword?」<br/>
「T-that is……」<br/>
There was nothing that they could do.<br/>
Because they were planning to wait for someone to take back Trystovy for them while they were waiting at a safe place.<br/>
However it would sound too dishonorable if they said that openly.<br/>
Their pride was only to that degree. No, they were unable to do anything so they wanted to at least protect that small pride, because of that they couldn’t continue saying anything.<br/>
If they were a capable and determined nobles, they wouldn’t do something like lying in wait for Baldr here just to grumble.<br/>
In the end they were just mere useless pets that Alford was keeping beyond their useful life.<br/>
Baldr coldly stared at these nobles who were biting their lip in frustration.<br/>
They had a detestable face. The face of a mass of narcissism that would betray even their own comrade without any scruple if that would bring them benefit.<br/>
Baldr resolved himself very naturally to not let this kind of people getting close to Silk.<br/>
「──I’m astonished. Is there really nothing? Are you sirs really calling yourself the nobles of Trystovy like this?」<br/>
Even they had to object for the sake of their honor when Baldr spoke that far.<br/>
「D-do you think we will just stay quiet against this humiliation?」<br/>
Their thinking was still paused at the era when they were still great nobles of Trystovy.<br/>
That was why they could believe that they had the right to stop Baldr on the way like this.<br/>
「I ask you once more. What can you sirs do? Or do you want to say that all of you here are more threatening than even Haurelia Kingdom?」<br/>
──He would take them on anytime if they wanted to become his enemy.<br/>
Baldr intentionally released malice──no, killing intent that was accompanied by such thought that was boiling at the bottom of his stomach toward them.<br/>
Instantly the men felt helpless as though they had just been tossed into battlefield naked.<br/>
It felt like there was a naked blade approaching them right now, as though the skies were covered with a rain of falling arrow. Their instinct was feeling such danger to their life.<br/>
There was no way they could do anything against a monster like this.<br/>
Their body trembled without any care of appearance and they hugged each other as their survival instinct ordered them to.<br/>
Those hands were blood soaked hands that had cut down hundreds of Haurelia soldiers.<br/>
And then those fingers were the fingers that had fiercely slaughtered tens of thousands of Haurelia army.<br/>
The youth before their eyes was a heinous mass murderer that they couldn’t even imagine.<br/>
When they considered the number of humans that Baldr had slaughtered, that number wouldn’t change by much even if their number was added to that count.<br/>
「F-forgive us!」<br/>
They were completely powerless before Baldr.<br/>
It was absurd of them to try threatening him. It was already a mistake from the start to get involved with this devil.<br/>
They felt with their own body of the overwhelming difference of strength that absolutely couldn’t be overturned between them, like a rabbit under the glare of a tiger. And then they apologized so desperately they looked like they would even prostrate themselves before scuttling away to escape from the presence of the devil that was Baldr.<br/>
They were a bunch that only treasured themselves selfishly till the end.<br/>
「Just what are they here for?」<br/>
Steve muttered in exasperation while watching the road that had become empty.<br/>
「They originally intended to chastise a cheeky brat like me.」<br/>
「That would be just like a chick trying to scold a wolf.」<br/>
「The chick won’t understand at all about what it’s doing. They won’t even understand that they can get away with their lives only thanks to their owner.」<br/>
Even that owner wouldn’t keep protecting them forever.<br/>
If Baldr told Alford about what happened here, it would only be a matter of time until they got kicked out of this Randolph territory.<br/>
It didn’t matter what kind of over-optimistic calculation they used, there wasn’t even one in a million chance of Alford sending Silk to marry Bernardi.<br/>
「Perhaps they don’t even understand that they will starve to death if their owner stop coming to bring them food.」<br/>
Baldr’s lips twisted into a cold sneer when he thought of the certain ruin that would visit them.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 4<br/>
The carriage that Baldr was riding passed under Randolph House’s huge iron gate. Silk hurriedly reconfirmed her own appearance after confirming that.<br/>
The dress that she picked today had a tidy and simple design, and yet it displayed her body line clearly. This was her chance to show Baldr her chest that lately had grown remarkably.<br/>
Although even after that growth she still couldn’t rival even Seyruun, but her effort had bear fruit even if it was only slightly, so Silk didn’t have any option of not making use of it.<br/>
「──Margrave Antrim-sama has arrived.」<br/>
「Baldr!」<br/>
Baldr and companies appeared along with a butler. Silk happily stepped forward to give Baldr a hug, but then she stopped moving because she felt something was out of place.<br/>
Their height was around the same when they were at the knight academy, but now Baldr had grown quite a bit taller than her.<br/>
However Baldr was already this tall when they met at the palace.<br/>
(……I see, it’s his eyes.)<br/>
Baldr’s eyes previously looked indecisive somewhere inside him and he would allow himself to be washed away following the flow around him. But those eyes had gone now.<br/>
Now Baldr’s eyes were similar with the eyes of people like her father Alford or his majesty the king. Those were the eyes of someone who was seeking something and also throwing away something at the same time.<br/>
Originally it was impossible for Baldr to possess such mature eyes.<br/>
It should be impossible but──.<br/>
(Why is my heart beating this fast……)<br/>
It was embarrassing to express it like this but, Baldr’s visage was enveloped with tolerance and reliability that only a husband instead of a lover could have. Baldr was giving off a charisma of someone who could achieve any task no matter how impossible it seemed. He was brimming with manliness that was making her trembling.<br/>
Silk didn’t know.<br/>
That she was unconsciously sensing the invisible connection between them as cousins that were connected by blood.<br/>
She turned red from the blood that was rising to her head. She forced herself and only barely managed to avert her gaze from Baldr.<br/>
If Silk had continued staring at him for several seconds longer, she might have fainted.<br/>
The emotion of a father who was shown the embarrassing figure of his daughter would be beyond the imagination.<br/>
Alford put on a face that resembled a hannya due to the strong emotion inside his heart and a stifled dark laughter ‘gufufu’ leaked out from the bottom of his stomach.<br/>
「So you have surpassed Ignis even in this area. Let me tell you beforehand, I have no daughter to give to a studhorse just so you know!」<br/>
Alford was observing Baldr vigilantly in spite of his words.<br/>
Baldr’s bearing was clearly different from the last time they met in the palace.<br/>
From Alford’s experience, a person needed the experience of maturing as they aged and shouldering a responsibility that made them stood on their own legs to be able to have a bearing like this.<br/>
Alford himself also obtained his current overwhelming presence because he had experienced losing his parents and shouldering Randolph House on his own.<br/>
He couldn’t think of anything at that level that could possibly happen to Baldr.<br/>
Alford felt a pity toward Baldr instead because he had to experience something like that at this age.<br/>
「Your excellency, thank you for meeting me like this. I’m shaking with gratitude because you deign to share your precious time with me at this chance.」<br/>
Baldr lightly bowed his head with an aloof expression that didn’t show any of his emotion outward.<br/>
It was truly a cheeky reaction.<br/>
Alford had definitely hinted at marriage with Silk even though he mixed it inside a joke.<br/>
If it was Baldr from the other day, he should give an innocent reaction of panicking like the kid he was.<br/>
But his reaction just now felt as though Silk wasn’t in his consideration at all.<br/>
Alford had no intention to marry Silk off at all, but he also couldn’t accept his daughter being ignored by someone who she held a feeling for.<br/>
「Hmph, regardless of my willingness, you are already my equal right now. Stop calling me your excellency.」<br/>
「Then Lord Randolph it is.」<br/>
Alford sensed a silent sign of Baldr readying himself for something.<br/>
Alford raised the level of his vigilance once more. He thought that perhaps he was also resolving himself like this when he was about to confess to his wife.<br/>
「The influence from his highness Bernardi seems to be a more powerful medicine than expected.」<br/>
Baldr spat out those words with his eyes filled with scorn that he couldn’t hide even if he tried.<br/>
「──What happened?」<br/>
「I got surrounded before I arrived at this mansion. Those people said to me that a Maurician shouldn’t touch Lady Silk because she belongs to Trystovy.」<br/>
*Twitch*, a vein pulsed on Alford’s forehead.<br/>
Silk was his daughter. She didn’t belong to Trystovy by all means. If he was forced to say then Silk was the daughter of Randolph House.<br/>
He had no intention to sacrifice her for Trystovy’s sake no matter what happened.<br/>
「──Who are these idiots?」<br/>
「It was Count Quatuor and his followers.」<br/>
「That profligate son. The late Marquis Fadini must be turning in his grave right now.」<br/>
The face of Count Quatuor who was obsessed with the thought of being privileged formed in Alford’s mind and he let out a deep sigh.<br/>
He was close with the previous Marquis Fadini. Marquis Fadini was his point of contact with Trystovy Kingdom before their destruction.<br/>
If his son Quatuor was so minded, it shouldn’t be difficult for him to build up a resistance within Trystovy Dukedom.<br/>
That was because there were a lot of people who were in debt to Marquis Fadini even now within that country.<br/>
However Quatuor didn’t try doing that at all.<br/>
He simply let his followers to lick his boots while appealing for reinforcement from Mauricia Kingdom. He never tried to do anything that would put him in danger.<br/>
Originally he possessed an influence that could compete for being number one or two among the fleeing nobles, but now the number of his followers had decreased remarkably and the quality of his livelihood was growing shabbier. It could only be said that he was reaping what he sowed.<br/>
For him, Bernardi’s proposal must sounded like an excellent plan to overturn the table in a single move.<br/>
「However, there should be a lot of people who agree with Count Quatuor’s thinking. If not, there is no way that the royalty faction will stay in obscurity for more than ten years like this.」<br/>
「Hou, it’s unusual for you Lord Antrim to be that scathing.」<br/>
It was rare for Baldr to speak ill of other people so upfront like this.<br/>
And that should be even truer when his speaking partner was someone like Alford who he wasn’t that close with.<br/>
「I won’t even feel that surprised if they have actually changed side to the dukedom. That’s why I hope that Lord Randolph will be even more careful with Lady Silk’s safety.」<br/>
──Lady Silk.<br/>
Silk’s heart was hurt when Baldr called her like a stranger like that.<br/>
Baldr was already a great noble who rivaled the ten great nobles and an authority who carried the kingdom on his shoulder. The weight he shouldered was different from when was still just an easygoing countryside noble.<br/>
Although Silk rationally understood that, she hoped that he would at least still talk casually with her when it was just them.<br/>
She was unable to suppress her feeling.<br/>
「Enough with that conduct that doesn’t suit you. Did something happen that made you want to snap at everyone without care?」<br/>
Baldr’s face reddened in shame when Alford asked him that.<br/>
It seemed that he himself wasn’t aware that gloomy irritation had been piling up inside him.<br/>
「That was impolite of me……sorry, Silk.」<br/>
Tears unconsciously spilled out from Silk’s eyes.<br/>
She realized once more that Baldr had become an existence this important inside her that it made her cried just from this.<br/>
「Those fellows doesn’t understand anything, just how much effort Silk has given, and how much pain she is under to resolve herself. Not only that, they even considered such things worthless. It makes me unable to suppress my anger when I thought that.」<br/>
「It’s fine, I don’t mind it.」<br/>
The distance between Baldr and her hadn’t widened. Rather Baldr was treasuring her even more than before.<br/>
Silk’s expression reddened and broke down into a smile after noticing that.<br/>
「──They are just pigs that has no utility value other than being kept like a pet. Caring about them will give you nothing other than stomachache.」<br/>
From the start Alford never hoped for them to be of any use in the fighting to take back Trystovy.<br/>
He felt like he would burst into laughter just from imagining that Quatuor taking up a sword and going to fight.<br/>
In the first place there was no way that man could even swing a sword properly.<br/>
「After this there won’t even be any worth to keep them as pet.」<br/>
「Hou?」<br/>
Alford’s gaze turned dangerous. Baldr’s statement was including an information that he couldn’t possibly ignore.<br/>
Alford was protecting the fleeing noble like now not just because of his connection with his late wife who was a princess of Trystovy, there was an even more important reason than that.<br/>
Alford was recognized as the leader of Trystovy’s royalist faction. He would be the one who carried out the recapture of Trystovy Kingdom using his military might, financial might, and political might.<br/>
Assistance in the form of fund and information found their way to Alford because of that recognition. And the most important thing he could obtain from this recognition was a connection with Trystovy’s maritime guild.<br/>
Alford continued to look after those fussy idiots because doing so brought him those merits.<br/>
Baldr was saying that Alford would lose those merits after this.<br/>
At the same time it also meant a violation to the vested rights of Randolph House.<br/>
Alford assented to that statement with a look of detest.<br/>
「──I see, so you lord intend to grasp the rights of royalist faction as the son of Princess Marguerite.」<br/>
As expected Baldr’s eyes snapped wide open in shock for a moment, but his discomposure was small.<br/>
It was Silk who felt a great discomposure.<br/>
「Eh? Eh? What does that mean? Why does Otou-sama mentioned Princess Marguerite there?」<br/>
It was truly like a bolt from the blue.<br/>
Baldr was the son of Count Cornelius. Silk knew just how lovey dovey Maggot and Ignis were. She couldn’t even imagine either of them cheating on the other.<br/>
It seemed that Ignis was highly famous as a playboy in the past, but he definitely wouldn’t live until now if he cheated like that after his marriage.<br/>
「I thought that it anyone notice it would be Lord Randolph first.」<br/>
「That doesn’t feel like a praise for me. After the existence of Princess Marguerite came to light, it’s not that difficult to arrive at the name of a knight called Ramillies. That person is a man who stubbornly stays unmarried. Only Maggot-dono will remain if you crossed out all the other women around him who doesn’t fit the bill.」<br/>
Silk felt like she had heard something that was outrageously out of place and asked her father.<br/>
「Is Otou-sama saying, that Maggot-sama is Princess Marguerite?」<br/>
「That’s right.」<br/>
That Silver Light Maggot?<br/>
Silk’s gaze turned toward Baldr to look for help. Baldr nodded awkwardly to her.<br/>
To be honest, Baldr himself also wanted to doubt this fact and asked whether there was a mistake.<br/>
「Then Baldr is a prince?」<br/>
「There is also that. Both of us are also cousin.」<br/>
Now Silk finally understood the true form of the indescribable sense of closeness that she felt toward Maggot the other day. She felt that Maggot’s atmosphere was somewhat similar to her mother because they were sisters from different mother.<br/>
She also realized why she never thought of Baldr like a stranger.<br/>
Perhaps her love toward Baldr was because she mistook such familial feeling as a romantic feeling?<br/>
(──That’s absolutely not the case.)<br/>
That was the only thing that Silk was able to immediately convince herself of.<br/>
A vague feeling like sense of closeness wouldn’t raise this passionate emotion inside her that could even drive her to risk her life.<br/>
At that war, Silk killed several people with her own hands while also truly resolved to face death.<br/>
That was the first time she killed human.<br/>
The safety of Baldr weighed her mind so completely that killing someone didn’t even bother her.<br/>
She held no doubt at all that she loved Baldr more than anyone else.<br/>
「──I’m planning to pick a fight with a lot of people after this.」<br/>
Baldr suddenly said that. He was holding his head high despite the words that he said.<br/>
「I’m also irritated by that crown prince who expressly came to Mauricia to expose Kaa-san’s past. However, I also don’t feel like helping the powerless royalist faction that only know how to lament like ghost.」<br/>
「How self-serving.」<br/>
「I’m a self-serving man. That’s why I’ll make it so that it’s the world that is moving on my own convenience.」<br/>
Baldr grinned. It gave Alford an impact that made his spine shivered in chill.<br/>
Baldr’s eyes weren’t the eyes of someone losing his head over his dream, they also weren’t the eyes of youth who was overconfident of his own strength.<br/>
Baldr was seriously saying those words knowing that his chance of success wasn’t small.<br/>
Alford wasn’t so young that he would believe such fairy tale.<br/>
However he was vexed because a part of himself was thinking that even this wouldn’t be that impossible if it was Baldr.<br/>
「I don’t want Silk to feel even more grieve than this for the sake of Trystovy, so I’ll beat up those idiots.」<br/>
Of course he also would discard the royalist faction that was taking refuge in Mauricia Kingdom right now. He would only have anything to do with the capable people among them.<br/>
「And then I will become Trystovy’s king to make Silk’s hope and dream come true.」<br/>
Silk stared at Baldr with moistened eyes at those words.<br/>
She had weighed her feeling to Baldr and her dream of restoring Trystovy many times.<br/>
In the end even when she realized that she couldn’t stop loving Baldr, she also couldn’t give up her dream to save the Trystovy that her mother loved.<br/>
Both would came true without her needing to abandon either one. Was such pipe dream really possible?<br/>
「You’re motivated. However a dream is called a dream because they can’t come true.」<br/>
「I have no intention of letting my dream end as nothing but a dream. Trystovy’s maritime guild is already my ally. Of course, Sanjuan Kingdom and Majorca Kingdom too. In addition──」<br/>
Alford grimaced as though he had bitten a sour grape hearing what Baldr said.<br/>
Although he had guessed this, he realized just how serious the problem was after having it said clearly like that.<br/>
Randolph House was able to support the refugee nobles by using a large part of the fund assistance from maritime guild for the royalist faction.<br/>
If the maritime guild stopped their assistance, Randolph House’s financial affairs would definitely worsen.<br/>
And yet if Alford downgraded the living standard of those useless parasites, they would immediately forget all their debts to him until now and criticized him.<br/>
If that happened it would be as though Randolph House was keeping a snake in its bosom. It was plain as daylight that they would try to make use of Silk for the sake of their own selfish desire in that situation.<br/>
In addition there was also one more thing that Alford couldn’t ignore.<br/>
「If there is a path to make both my dreams come true, then I will choose that path no matter how difficult it is.」<br/>
She herself must have given up on it without noticing.<br/>
She wanted to save Trystovy. She wanted to marry with Baldr.<br/>
There was no need to give up on either of them. Surely both dreams could coexist with each other. No, a firm resolve was needed to make both dreams came true. Baldr taught that to her.<br/>
When Silk thought that, feeling of love filled her heart and she naturally hugged Baldr’s left arm.<br/>
Alford raised his eyebrows, but this was the only thing that Silk wouldn’t move aside for even if her father ordered her to.<br/>
No, she had decided that she wouldn’t move aside.<br/>
Silk stood beside Baldr and glared at Alford right from the front with a hardened resolve in her eyes. Alford averted his gaze in displeasure.<br/>
「Even Alford-sama won’t be able to stop Silk when she is like this.」<br/>
Baldr shrugged with a wry smile.<br/>
If Alford wanted to stop Silk here, he would either have to imprison Silk or brought a marriage partner that Silk absolutely wouldn’t be able to refuse, but there was no way Alford who loved his daughter could do such things.<br/>
「……Do you think that his majesty will allow it?」<br/>
「I need to pay back his majesty Welkin. A payback for sending assassins after my mother Maggot. There won’t be another chance so I’ll collect this debt from him at this chance.」<br/>
「Impossible──there is no way his majesty would commit such foolishness!」<br/>
「Not even if──my mother has the blood of beastman flowing inside her?」<br/>
Alford’s eyes shined dangerously hearing the words that Baldr spoke out casually.<br/>
「Brat, what did you say just now?」<br/>
「The concubine of Trystovy King, Dahlia──the mother of Princess Marguerite was a daughter of a beastwoman. That was why there was a need to make it like she had died, but even with that his majesty Welkin still sent assassins after her.」<br/>
A man of Alford’s caliber could do nothing except gasping because of this severity of this unexpected matter.<br/>
「You think that, you can become a king……with the blood of beastman inside you?」<br/>
Alford himself wasn’t someone who was that biased.<br/>
Even so he couldn’t help himself from speaking out his scruples about a beastman becoming a king.<br/>
It was considered that a type of sacredness was indispensable for the position of king.<br/>
「That’s why I said that I will make it so it’s the world that follow my own convenience. The maritime guild, Sanjuan Kingdom, and Majorca Kingdom has also known about this. Nordland’s crown prince his highness Gustav has also known. Which reminds me, just the other day there was a message from the beastman race of Nordland that they are giving me their full support.」<br/>
「What……did you say?」<br/>
Maritime guild, then Sanjuan Kingdom and Majorca Kingdom and then even Nordland Empire. That was effectively an alliance of four countries!<br/>
「What do you think? Am I a fool who doesn’t know my place? Am I incapable of liberating Trystovy? Am I unworthy to be Silk’s partner?」<br/>
There weren’t just four countries that were backing Baldr.<br/>
There was also Baldr’s own position as Margrave Antrim and Baldr’s father Count Cornelius, their sworn friend Count Bradford, and then Dowding Company.<br/>
Alford was shown for the first time that far from being equal, the current Baldr was overwhelmingly above him in strength.<br/>
「Having the blood of beastman isn’t something as light as you are thinking.」<br/>
「Perhaps that is so. But I have decided. If the world is rejecting me, I’ll change the world. I will protect my important family with that strength.」<br/>
Alford looked at Baldr’s gaze that lacked any hesitation and sent his thought flying to the past.<br/>
Trystovy Kingdom was destroyed and Queen Catalina also died. His wife fell into despair and left behind a will that was like a curse to Silk to take care of Trystovy in her place.<br/>
At that time, was it possible for Randolph House to attack Trystovy on its lonesome?<br/>
It would be too rash to start a war with his arbitrary decision and Alford had the duty to protect Randolph House as its head.<br/>
But it was also a fact that as the result he lost his wife and his daughter was driven to resolve herself to become sacrifice.<br/>
Was it possible to change the world?<br/>
It was a question that he had never even considered until now. This question was haunting Alford.<br/>
「Silk. Do you think this youngster has the power to change the world?」<br/>
Her father was making a face as though he was being crushed under his past. Silk gently hugged him.<br/>
「Of course. It’s not just Baldr. Otou-sama and I also have the power to change the world. Although it’s very hard to notice that fact.」<br/>
.<br/>
Part 5<br/>
So the time has finally come, Welkin thought while his body that recently had become very heavy leaned on his throne.<br/>
Around five days ago, there was a request from Baldr that was asking for an audience.<br/>
Furthermore the request asked that nobody else would be present other than the prime minister. Baldr himself would also come alone. That meant that Baldr had something complicated to talk about.<br/>
Welkin wasn’t an incompetent king. After his meeting with Ramillies, he gathered all the information he could and made many deductions based on his experiences until now.<br/>
As the result, he arrived at the conclusion that the only woman with no known background who was connected to Ramillies was Maggot.<br/>
He was dumbfounded when he arrived at that conclusion.<br/>
Just the reputation of Silver Light Maggot was already troublesome enough, but now that Duke Beaufort had died, Baldr was the person who Welkin didn’t want to turn into his enemy the most in Mauricia.<br/>
He was terrified just from imagining Baldr rising in revolt toward the kingdom.<br/>
The biggest problem of all was if Baldr was thinking that it was Welkin who sent assassins after Princess Marguerite.<br/>
It was actually his little sister Catalina who sent the assassins, but Welkin couldn’t be said as free from the responsibility with his position.<br/>
Even so he was still puzzled of why Catalina was that obsessed with killing the princess.<br/>
Duke Beaufort was also an influential person of the kingdom, but his strength was far from reaching the king himself.<br/>
If Catalina didn’t do such unnecessary thing and honestly asked for Welkin’s help, the possibility was high that they could secure Princess Marguerite.<br/>
Certainly Welkin had no intention to kill Princess Marguerite, but he decided to never talk about this matter to the world in order to protect Catalina’s reputation.<br/>
Thanks to that Welkin was so troubled of how to ask for Baldr’s forgiveness that he couldn’t even sleep.<br/>
.<br/>
「──Margrave Antrim has arrived.」<br/>
「Umu.」<br/>
Now then, how to deal with this.<br/>
「It’s an honor to be at your majesty’s presence.」<br/>
The instant Welkin saw Baldr’s composed appearance, he sensed that this was bad.<br/>
In a glance Baldr was looking composed, but his face was the face of someone who was hiding an unshakeable resolve in his heart.<br/>
(Perhaps I had stepped on a tiger’s tail.)<br/>
At the past Baldr was unable to show a tranquil bearing like now.<br/>
There was no doubt that his experience from struggling through the war and overcoming the darkness that his mother was holding had greatly made him grown.<br/>
Welkin was aware from his experiences that someone resolved was an extremely tough opponent in negotiation.<br/>
「It seems that you have been taking some really bold actions.」<br/>
Welkin naturally knew about Baldr’s contact with Sanjuan Kingdom, Nordland, and how he even personally went to Randolph House the other day.<br/>
He wouldn’t be able to rule as the king of a country without being able to gather information to this degree.<br/>
「I believe that my actions will also be beneficial for Mauricia.」<br/>
「──Is lord talking about becoming the king of Trystovy?」<br/>
「This country will also obtain advantage against Answerer Kingdom in that case too won’t it?」<br/>
There was no arguing that Answerer Kingdom was currently the strongest country in this continent.<br/>
Population, economy, military, all of them were more than double of Mauricia Kingdom.<br/>
However if Sanjuan Kingdom and Trystovy Kingdom became the allies of Mauricia Kingdom, this alliance would surpass the national strength of Answerer Kingdom.<br/>
「It should be the same even if Lady Silk take that role isn’t it?」<br/>
「Alford-sama isn’t someone who wish for Silk to become a queen if there is no need for it.」<br/>
Baldr was displaying his confidence while implicating that his talk with Randolph House had been settled. Welkin was astonished by that from the bottom of his heart.<br/>
It was because he never expected that Alford who was leading Trystovy’s royalist faction would recognize Baldr this quickly. Furthermore Baldr was calling Alford by name like this, could it mean that he had even recognized Baldr’s relationship with Silk?<br/>
Baldr had displayed his strength in politic and military using his novel way of thinking until now, but it was an alarming situation if Baldr even have a negotiation ability that could even convince that Alford.<br/>
「Good grief, I didn’t promote you lord until your current rank with the intention of producing a king though.」<br/>
Welkin couldn’t possibly allow Antrim territory to become lordless in case Baldr really became Trystovy’s king.<br/>
Although Haurelia’s strength had decreased, a considerably political and military skill were still indispensable in order to keep them in check.<br/>
It was out of the question to keep entrusting Antrim territory to Baldr if he became the king of another nation.<br/>
This was a problem that was giving Welkin another headache.<br/>
「Even so I’m indebted to you lord. I will lend you my help.」<br/>
「──What does your majesty mean by debt?」<br/>
As expected, the talk wouldn’t progress as long as this matter wasn’t made clear.<br/>
「It’s the debt from my little sister sending assassins after your mother.」<br/>
「──Her highness Catalina did?」<br/>
After hearing Welkin’s words, Baldr felt like the discomfort that had been stuck somewhere in his heart until now had finally cleared up.<br/>
The assassination attempt was too inadequate for something that Welkin arranged.<br/>
Normally an assassination attempt should have someone with monitoring role who didn’t participate in the battle.<br/>
But Maggot was able to cross border easily after the attempt. The possibility was high that there wasn’t anyone monitoring her at that time.<br/>
It was something that was really hard for Baldr to swallow.<br/>
That meant──.<br/>
「His majesty only instructed his subordinates to secure Princess Marguerite. You lord must be unable to believe it so suddenly but, this is the fact.」<br/>
The prime minister Harold continued after Welkin to cover for him.<br/>
For them, this misunderstanding was the one thing that they earnestly wished to resolve.<br/>
(Well, I don’t know about Kaa-san but I myself am not really concerned about it.)<br/>
「At that time Catalina still hadn’t even given birth to the heir, and her standing in Trystovy was shaky. Because of that she made use of Duke Beaufort’s connection to arrange for assassins.」<br/>
「Even though there wasn’t any need to kill her. Trystovy was also already treating her highness Marguerite as dead. There were many methods to keep the survival of her highness from being exposed to the world.」<br/>
Although it was true that killing the princess was the quickest way. Harold stopped himself from saying those words.<br/>
「──Does your majesty know why her highness Catalina was targeting my mother that persistently?」<br/>
「Umu. It seemed there was a mistaken information at that time that Princess Marguerite is actually a boy. But such thing originally should be impossible.」<br/>
「I have an idea about why her highness did such thing.」<br/>
That was why he hardened his resolve to fight. He had decided to pick a fight with the world.<br/>
Even if his opponent was Welkin, he didn’t have the option to withdraw.<br/>
On the other hand, a bad premonition was rumbling in Welkin’s chest. He was convinced that this reason that Baldr mentioned must be something no good.<br/>
「And, what could this reason be?」<br/>
Even so it was impossible for Welkin to close his ears.<br/>
He wouldn’t be able to prepare countermeasure without knowing the reason. A politician had to keep his ears open, especially to bad news.<br/>
But, until now there was no news worst than this that would make him happier not knowing.<br/>
「──It’s because Princess Marguerite, my mother Maggot has the blood of beastman flowing inside her.」<br/>
「I-impossible! There is no way beastman blood can enter a royal family──!」<br/>
Welkin of all people jumped up to his feet with his agitation in full display.<br/>
The usual figure of the impudent and mischievous king couldn’t be found there.<br/>
Even Baldr, although he had been resolved from the start, he was still surprised that even a man like Welkin couldn’t completely free himself from discrimination toward beastman.<br/>
「The mother of Princess Marguerite, the king’s concubine Dahlia was the daughter of the head priestess of Nordland’s beast god shrine, Gina-sama. Will your majesty recognize her if I say The Thunder of Helsing?」<br/>
「──That’s a significant name!」<br/>
Even if they searched, it would be difficult to find a beastman with influence as great as Gina in Nordland.<br/>
Not just Welkin, even Harold was flustered and speechless because a name that was completely outside of their expectation came out.<br/>
「I have the birth record that was exchanged between the late Count Pazarov and Gina-sama, the short sword that was inherited from the late Trystovy king, and also the birth certificate that was written by the priest. Sir Ramillies who was once a knight of Trystovy Kingdom can also provide his testimony. Will your majesty still doubt it even with all of that?」<br/>
「This isn’t the problem of doubting or not. That just cannot be! This is completely bad!」<br/>
Welkin could still accept it if Princess Marguerite’s son Baldr ascended to Trystovy’s throne.<br/>
It was obviously better to have a friendly neighboring country rather than a hostile neighboring country.<br/>
But the problem was completely different if the talk was about putting someone with beastman blood on the throne.<br/>
「So this is the difference in perspective between the royal family and retainer. It seems to me that his excellency the prime minister isn’t as opposed to this as your majesty is.」<br/>
「What?」<br/>
「No, I think that this is also a difficult problem you know? As expected the prejudice toward beastman in every country is deeply rooted. There will be some forces that won’t acknowledge Lord Antrim as a king.」<br/>
Harold was calmly analyzing the problem. It made Welkin wanted to yell to him that the problem wasn’t that.<br/>
As expected, even though Harold was the top noble in this country, his way of thinking was still that of a retainer.<br/>
The royal families had given their all to protect each of their lineage’s sacredness so it could be used as a guarantee to secure their rule until now.<br/>
The royal family was the royal family because their lineage was protected.<br/>
And then the thickness of their lineage would also become the royal family’s just cause in order to aim to restore the unification dynasty.<br/>
This sacredness was already starting to tear apart at the seam when Trystovy king was murdered, but if a king with beastman blood was born, the existing royal families would lose the sacredness of their lineage.<br/>
Welkin couldn’t even imagine what would lie at the end of that chaos.<br/>
And most of all, Answerer Kingdom that boasted themselves as the successor of the unification dynasty would take serious action to prevent such king from being born.<br/>
「Is there no option of you lord to support Lady Silk at her side?」<br/>
Even in such case, it would be problematic if a child between Silk and Baldr succeeded the throne, but it would postpone the problem and soften the impact.<br/>
「None. Besides, Sanjuan Kingdom and Nordland Empire won’t move if this is “for Silk’s sake”.」<br/>
「Of course it is.」<br/>
The relationships with those two countries were formed by their friendship to Baldr personally. The daughter of Marquis Randolph, Silk was insufficient to be their figurehead.<br/>
Even so Welkin was still scared.<br/>
Mauricia Kingdom was the only country with a lineage that rivaled the lineage of Answerer Kingdom as the legitimate descendant of the unification dynasty.<br/>
The first emperor of Nordland was an illegitimate child, while Trystovy’s lineage was dirtied by beastman blood.<br/>
As the successor of Mauricia royal family, Welkin feared that Answerer Kingdom would get ahead in this matter because he gave his support to Baldr.<br/>
「I have already obtained Marquis Randolph’s acknowledgement. Sanjuan Kingdom, Majorca Kingdom, and Nordland Empire too will recognize me if I ascend to the throne. In addition──」<br/>
Welkin didn’t have any choice from the start.<br/>
He should loosen his stiffened thought slightly.<br/>
「It seems Duke Richmond and Marquis Hadrien are also willing to allocate some budget for this effort.」<br/>
「──What did you say?」<br/>
How many times you have to shock me before you’re satisfied?<br/>
Duke Richmond and Marquis Hadrien should be the ringleaders of the bureaucratic nobles who were on bad terms with Baldr.<br/>
How did it end up with them cooperating with Baldr?<br/>
「I see. They’re thinking that the enemy of an enemy is ally.」<br/>
「Amazing discernment.」<br/>
Welkin sent Harold a questioning gaze. Harold smiled wryly and explained to Welkin.<br/>
「In other words they want Lord Antrim to leave to other country. Because it’s too troublesome to turn Lord Antrim into their enemy.」<br/>
Welkin nodded in understanding. So it was something like that.<br/>
For them who was scheming to restrict the feudal lord nobles, rather than getting into a head on confrontation with Baldr, it was self-evident that it would be far easier for them if they just sent him out to other country like this.<br/>
「I won’t appoint any successor and leave the management of Antrim to his highness William so that the territory enter under the direct control of the royal family. I promise to make the transfer of authority to go smoothly without any problem.」<br/>
──He got me, Welkin thought.<br/>
It was like an unseen blade was finishing off Welkin with a stab to the heart.<br/>
The vast and greatly developed territory of Antrim was to be put under the royal family’s direct control.<br/>
Prince William who was personally close to Baldr would be installed as the territory’s feudal lord. Baldr also guaranteed that the government structure that was in place could be used immediately without any delay.<br/>
This proposal was overly attractive. It was nearly impossible for Welkin to refuse it as a king.<br/>
「I’m not amused, this is really not amusing.」<br/>
He got the worst feeling. He was outwitted in every respect.<br/>
If Welkin wanted to seriously oppose this, he should have forcefully taken action to bring this situation under control when the suspicion that Baldr was Marguerite’s son first surfaced.<br/>
But there was nothing he could do at this point when all the path of retreat had been cut off.<br/>
「You lord is the first one who make a fool of me to this degree. I see, certainly your caliber isn’t suitable to be a mere retainer from the very start.」<br/>
A man whose genetic was engraved with the destiny to rule from his birth.<br/>
Although infuriating, Welkin’s capability would be questioned from inside and outside the country instead if he didn’t support Baldr.<br/>
「──Show me that you can shoulder the same type of responsibility like me splendidly, brat.」<br/>
.<br/>
Part 6<br/>
It seemed Baldr was visiting this capital Cameron.<br/>
Princess Rachel’s heart danced when she heard this rumor.<br/>
She immediately called her trusted maid to fix her appearance.<br/>
「I heard that Baldr-sama is coming to the palace, go check his whereabouts──」<br/>
「……There is no need for that.」<br/>
「Otou-sama?」<br/>
Rachel was bewildered when Welkin appeared with a voice that was full of deep anger that she had never heard from him before.<br/>
Did something happen that made him unable to suppress his anger like that?<br/>
Her father had never showed his gloominess that was caused by government affair in front of his daughter until now. Because of that Rachel’s bewilderment became even greater.<br/>
「Rachel, as I thought, you should marry into Richmond House.」<br/>
「Eh? Otou-sama, what are you saying so suddenly? I──」<br/>
「I have no daughter for a beastman to marry.」<br/>
Rachel couldn’t comprehend what Welkin was saying, but she instinctually sensed that the string that was connected between Baldr and her had been severed.<br/>
──Rachel never came out from her room since that day.<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
 