[Landing: Isekai Tensei Soudouki v8c2](https://bakapervert.wordpress.com/2020/06/26/soudouki-v8ch2/)
<br/><br/>
Soudouki Vol 8 Chapter 2 (14043 words) wordpress<br/>
 
<br/>
[Article: Isekai Tensei Soudouki v8c2](https://bakapervert.wordpress.com/soudouki-vol-8-chapter-2/)
<br/><br/>
Chapter 2 – Heading for Departure<br/>
.<br/>
Part 1<br/>
The man appeared like a jovial merchant.<br/>
Darkish skin from sunburn, fluent tone, and clothes that was obviously expensive from a glance.<br/>
But for those with discerning eyes would surely notice how the man was armed and how he had uncommon level of strength.<br/>
His age appeared to be at the middle of his thirty.<br/>
He was bringing around twenty youths with him as his attendants.<br/>
The man was having discussion about the market price of grain at Antrim’s Savaran Company with a carefree smile, but his smile froze when he saw the fight between two beastmen that suddenly began.<br/>
「──Impossible!」<br/>
And then the man just barely managed to swallow his words back.<br/>
(──Why are there two more people other than Margrave Antrim with King’s Gate?)<br/>
An intelligence agent of Europa religion’s special corrective force, Martell entered this Antrim just the other day.<br/>
The special corrective force hadn’t made any open movement, but they had started taking action for erasing Baldr from the face of this world.<br/>
Martell was chosen as the vanguard for this mission because he was deeply knowledgeable about beastman’s characteristic.<br/>
He originated from Nedras Kingdom and lived in a region where there were many beastmen. That was why he understood well the limit and strength of beastman’s Transformation.<br/>
Was Marquis Antrim really a King’s Gate owner or not?<br/>
Confirming that was one of the roles that was given to Martell.<br/>
(Who in the world those women are? Transformation shouldn’t give that much power!)<br/>
The only one who had the thing that was called King’s Gate in the past was only that beast king Brocas. The secret document of the church also said that.<br/>
That was why Martell naturally also thought that King’s Gate could only be possessed by the beast king──or perhaps the candidate for the position.<br/>
(Don’t tell me, the owner of King’s Gate is actually not that rare?)<br/>
This was Martell’s misunderstanding, but after witnessing two King’s Gate owners like this, he thought that his thinking was possible enough.<br/>
If Margrave Antrim also had King’s Gate, then there was already three people who had it.<br/>
How could he assert that there wouldn’t be the fourth or fifth people then?<br/>
(──I finally understand the meaning of his eminence the pope’s fear.)<br/>
If he had to be honest, Martell actually thought that the beastmen couldn’t be any threat at all.<br/>
It was humans that managed this continent, this world. Beastmen wouldn’t be able to match humans no matter how much they struggled.<br/>
However it would be a different story if the number of King’s Gate owner was increasing till this many.<br/>
He understood from watching the battle between Maggot and Satsuki, the battle strength of King’s Gate owner easily surpassed the limit of what human could deal with.<br/>
What would happen if the number of people who possessed such power increased to become ten or one hundred…….<br/>
Martell was shivering just from imagining it.<br/>
He noticed that it was even possible that the long history of human society could crumble from this.<br/>
(……It’s dangerous. As I thought the like of baestmen should be annihilated completely.)<br/>
In the secret document of the church, it was written that there was a period when the beastman and the mixed blood accounted for nearly thirty percent of the continent’s population.<br/>
The mixed blood between human and beastman generally inherited the characteristic of beastman, so it was natural for the percentage of beastman population to increase.<br/>
At that time the unification dynasty was born with the all-out backup of the church and then the dynasty started taking part in oppressing the beastmen.<br/>
Because of that beastmen were practically eradicated at the current Answerer Kingdom that was the center of the unification dynasty.<br/>
If the weakening of the unification dynasty’s authority and its split up happened a hundred years slower, then perhaps the beastman race would have been gone from the continent at this time.<br/>
(I have to find the King’s Gate owners even if have to pay with my life……!)<br/>
It was called the King’s Gate because only the king possessed it.<br/>
Even the leadership of Europa religion believed that without any doubt.<br/>
However that major premise was overturned by the discovery that Martell made of Satsuki and Maggot.<br/>
『I can’t predict how many King’s Gate owners there are. At the very least there are more than three』 That written report of Martell would bring great turmoil to the leadership of Europa religion slightly later in the future.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 2<br/>
「Uu~~, it hurts nyaa~」<br/>
Satsuki rubbed at her butts that were stinging with pain while sending a resentful glare at Maggot.<br/>
「What? Is the punishment still not enough?」<br/>
「Unyah! That’s not true nya! I have had enough of something like that already nya!」<br/>
Maggot’s true identity was told to Satsuki and her attendants after the fight was over. They looked shock but also comprehending from the information.<br/>
「So she is the honorable mother of Margrave Antrim……」<br/>
One of the attendants Robert was looking at Maggot with a gaze that was clearly filled with admiration.<br/>
The race of beastman was able to honestly feel deeply moved toward the superior martial might that was displayed to them.<br/>
The martial might that Maggot showed which surpassed even Satsuki must be one of the heights of King’s Gate.<br/>
It was impossible to tell them to not see a dream from that.<br/>
「Even so, I’m surprised by the decision of Gartlake’s head shrine maiden-sama. I thought that Gartlake would only send a messenger or something.」<br/>
Augusto didn’t have any intend to especially favor the dog eared tribe.<br/>
However he thought that it would need some more time for cat ear tribe to decide to support Baldr seeing how he was descended from the dog eared tribe.<br/>
「No, rather it’s exactly because of that we don’t want to be thought of taking it slow when the beast king is born.」<br/>
Robert asserted it clearly.<br/>
The enmity between the dog eared tribe and the cat eared tribe originated from the past beast king, but it seemed it was also the power of the beast king that made them able to overcome the enmity.<br/>
That was how special the beast king’s existence was for the beastmen.<br/>
Although he felt sorry for Gina and the others dog eared tribe, this decision of the cat eared tribe was something that Augusto welcomed.<br/>
「Well, I don’t hate a child that is fun to train you know?」<br/>
「P-please go easy on me nya……」<br/>
Although Satsuki wanted to catch up to Maggot as much as possible, she felt something cold crawling up her spine when she saw Maggot’s sadistic smile.<br/>
「Well, nothing can’t be decided unless you guys meet with Baldr first. Come with me.」<br/>
Augusto hurriedly called at Maggot who was going to take Satsuki’s group with her.<br/>
「I beg your pardon for interrupting, but can I please ask dear madam to bring me along?」<br/>
「And you are?」<br/>
「I am the acting president of Garibaldi, Augusto Garibaldi. I wish to be allowed to meet with Margrave Antrim as the messenger from Trystovy’s maritime guild.」<br/>
Selina added to Augusto’s words.<br/>
「He has been our important customer since a long time ago.I myself has planned to introduce him to Baldr before this.」<br/>
「……The messenger of the maritime guild eh?」<br/>
Maggot too had learned that the maritime guild had announced their support to Baldr since the early stage.<br/>
However she also knew that it was dangerous to fully believe sly old fox merchants like them.<br/>
There wasn’t just one or two story of group like Sanpaniradeon that was led by Kailas getting set up into a trap after getting involved with the maritime guild.<br/>
「Though I look like this I’m also one of the Seven Elders. I hope that can make me worthy of at least a little trust.」<br/>
Augusto brightly held up his head high seeing Maggot’s concern.<br/>
When facing someone with Maggot’s personality it would be better to expose his actual self rather than trying to deceive her poorly.<br/>
「A beastman Seven Elders huh, come to think of it I have heard of that from somewhere. So it’s you.」<br/>
Augusto was a big shot just like she expected, so Maggot nodded in satisfaction that her instinct struck true.<br/>
Maggot felt his gaze during the fight just now and she completely understood that Augusto had the skill to be able to observe the fight between Satsuki and her.<br/>
「We also can’t treat the Seven Elders rudely. Allow me to show you the way.」<br/>
「Ah, I’ll come along too Okaa-sama.」<br/>
.<br/>
Part 3<br/>
Maggot and the others headed to the Gawain Castle by foot after that.<br/>
Their group was really attracing attention.<br/>
Maggot was of course famous in the castle town. Selina was also the same.<br/>
The beastman with tanned skin that was rarely seen around here Augusto, and then a really energetic looking beautiful girl Satsuki. Seeing such people mixed among the group naturally attracted the gaze of the people.<br/>
「……T-ten thousand you say nya? But that’s……」<br/>
「Yes, I have the money to easily buy ten thousand animals. From the perspective of the accepting side, there ain’t any difference whether the animals are personally hunted or hunted by someone hired with money right?」<br/>
「The beastman’s hunting is also a trial to become adult nya. But as expected ten thousand are……amazing nya.」<br/>
Selina’s financial strength was also a match for martial strength in a sense. There was no way Satsuki couldn’t recognize it.<br/>
Of course she had no intention of changing her way of living as beastman, but she understood enough that it would be wrong for her to look down on Selina.<br/>
「I see, so there is no way that Baldr-dono’s wife is someone powerless nya.」<br/>
「Yer attitude has really changed eh……」<br/>
「Because, he is the son of that mother nya. There is no way he is someone pampering nya.」<br/>
「Are you saying that I’m not cherishing my son? Aa~~a?」<br/>
「I’m sorry nyah! But he is surely someone who has been raised strictly like crazy nyah! This eyes of mine cannot be deceived nya!」<br/>
「Uuh, d-do you need to go that far……!」<br/>
A part of it was also because of the three personalities within Baldr, but Maggot also had fun with her son’s talent that she unconsciously went as far as imposing a strict training that would make even veteran royal guard to run like there was a demon hot at their heel. It seemed she had awareness of what she had done.<br/>
「──There is a saying that mouth is the source of disaster isn’t it?」<br/>
「Eh? Why are you making that kind of scary face nya? Could it be I have been digging my own grave nya?」<br/>
「Ya have been digging too deep no matter how ignorant ya are.」<br/>
Selina looked up in exasperation.<br/>
As expected she couldn’t help but felt sympathetic as someone who had known the way Maggot gave training since her time in Cornelius.<br/>
「Even so, I’m amazed of Sakuya-sama’s decisions……in various senses.」<br/>
Augusto knew how important Satsuki’s standing in the beastman society of Gartlake. Besides regardless of her martial capability, Satsuki wasn’t suited at all to become a diplomat.<br/>
Robert scratched his head with a bitter smile.<br/>
「Well, originally we should be assisting the young miss in that regard, but as you can see, the young miss is someone who will only believe what she has seen with her own eyes.」<br/>
──Furthermore this is a man who will become her husband, Robert stopped himself from saying that. He was paying consideration to Selina who would become Baldr’s concubine.<br/>
It seemed that Maggot hadn’t noticed, but Augusto naturally understood what Robert didn’t say.<br/>
(So they’re going to evaluate the person first……Sakuya-dono is seriously intending to join up with Lord Antrim huh.)<br/>
Satsuki most likely would take a liking to Baldr.<br/>
With her personality, if she met an opposite sex who was stronger than her for the first time, and furthermore if the other party was someone whose age was close to her, the possibility was high that she would get obsessed with him.<br/>
Even if it wasn’t to such degree, Baldr was still a real catch with his looks, position, military might, and assets.<br/>
As someone who had been with many women, Augusto assumed that someone innocent like Satsuki could be easily brought down if Baldr was inclined to.<br/>
(In that case, Nordland also won’t just stay quiet. I can easily imagine Uncle Gitze and Euftace-dono getting fired up to join up with Lord Antrim quickly so they won’t get left behind by Gartlake.)<br/>
In a sense, Sakuya’s decision was faster by at least three years than the flow of history that Augusto pictured.<br/>
The problem was whether Antrim could accept and fund all those reinforcements or not. Regardless of how much economic strength Baldr boasted as a feudal lord, surely there was still a limit to it?<br/>
(For us from maritime guild who are making our way world in the world with money, this might develop into the best situation that we can ask for……)<br/>
.<br/>
「──Where is my sonBaldr?」<br/>
「W-welcome back Maggot-sama! Please wait for a second!」<br/>
「No need to be so stiff. Tell him that we are waiting for him at the guest room.」<br/>
Maggot didn’t even glance at the guard that was about to leave to ask for confirmation and passed through the castle gate as though she owned the place.<br/>
The guards also pretended to not see the disregard to the protocol because they knew that no one here could possibly stop Maggot.<br/>
Antrim’s main castle was still Gawain Castle even now when the territory had rapidly increased in size.<br/>
With Ramillies joining up, the bureaucrats including Tyros and Brandon were liberated from the paperwork hell in the military aspect, so they could finally start functioning normally.<br/>
At this time there was no leeway for the government to take on more troublesome work by planning to move from this Gawain Castle to a new place.<br/>
「Isn’t this Maggot-sama? Pardon my rudeness for not immediately being there to welcome your arrival.」<br/>
「Muh, Tyros.」<br/>
For Maggot who wouldn’t even pay any attention to most people, Tyros was one of the few exceptions.<br/>
This man was just too perfect in his job with max level loyalty, so Maggot would unconsciously feel daunted when dealing with him.<br/>
「If it’s alright, can I ask the name of the people with Maggot-sama?」<br/>
「Y-yeah……this girl is the shrine maiden princess of Gartlake’s cat eared tribe. It seems she has something to talk with Baldr. And then this one seems to be the messenger from the maritime guild.」<br/>
「……Maritime guild……is it?」<br/>
Augusto sensitively caught how Tyros’s complexion turned slightly cloudy.<br/>
He wouldn’t be able to serve as one of the Seven Elders if he was unable to be this observan6t.<br/>
「My name is Augusto, one of the maritime guild’s Seven Elders. In my visit this time, I hope to be permitted to speak some recommendations to Lord Antrim about the military expedition that is going to start in the future.」<br/>
「……Pardon me but can I ask when did Augusto-dono head to here?」<br/>
「I left from Mulberry around three months ago but……is something the matter with that?」<br/>
Did something happen at Mulberry?<br/>
The possibility of that was small.<br/>
After all it was just the day before yesterday when Augusto obtained the latest information from an intelligence agent of the guild. The speed he obtained information was slightly delayed than normal because he was in Mauricia that was located inland.<br/>
Fundamentally the information transmission speed of landlocked country couldn’t match the speed of maritime nation.<br/>
Not to mention information was the life for merchant.<br/>
Augusto didn’t hold any doubt that the information in his possession was the freshest compared to anyone else.<br/>
「──I think it will be better to hurry.」<br/>
「What could you possibly mean by that?」<br/>
「It seems that Trystovy Dukedom’s military invasion to Mulberry will be ahead of schedule.」<br/>
.<br/>
The news about the danger to Mulberry reached Baldr this morning.<br/>
He was able to obtain information faster than the water transportation and merchant network that Augusto had thanks to the communications network using crystal radio and semaphore that was starting to operate.<br/>
The primitive crystal radio’s reception range was short, but with relay broadcasting its speed was far faster than using human or horse.<br/>
It was Baldr’s inconspicuous trump card for fighting the world.<br/>
For Augusto who was confident that he was the most well-informed person with his grasp of the water transport through sea and river, Tyros’s words were something that he couldn’t believe right away.<br/>
「Certainly it won’t be strange if war break out any time since Answerer Kingdom’s intervention. But if possible can you please tell me what kind of information you have that you are predicting that the dukedom military will invade?」<br/>
It was a well-known fact that Trystovy Dukedom was gearing up for war since the possibility of Princess Marguerite’s survival was announced at the beginning.<br/>
It was thought that this might be a scheme so that Mauricia Kingdom where the royalist faction was taking asylum wouldn’t be able to interfere until the dukedom gathered all their strength and annihilated the maritime guild.<br/>
However Augusto hadn’t grasped the accurate time of when the invasion would begin.<br/>
「According to the information that arrived this morning, an army of thirty thousands were gathered at the capital Millianna(ミリアーナ). That number will definitely bloat up to forty or fifty thousands if they absorb the soldiers of the nobles along the way.」<br/>
「Thirty thousand regular soldiers……how old this news is?」<br/>
The excellent spies of the maritime guild couldn’t possibly miss the mobilization of such large scale army. If this information was correct by any chance, then this information should be newer than the information that Augusto received the day before yesterday.<br/>
「……It’s news from five days ago.」<br/>
There was danger in revealing their information’s transmission speed to outsider, but Tyros judged that it was necessary to tell Augusto the truth.<br/>
Tyros was making the decision whether someone was enemy or not enemy, useful or not useful for Baldr practically on his own judgment.<br/>
His instinct was telling him to win over Augusto to their side.<br/>
「Five days……! Are you saying that information from Millianna arrived at Antrim within five days-!?」<br/>
The information in Augusto’s hand was from ten days ago.<br/>
There would be gap in the arrival time depending whether he was near or far from the shore, but Augusto was able to learn the news of other country within seven until ten days later.<br/>
This speed rivaled or even surpassed the level of a nation’s intelligence network. At present the intelligence department of Mauricia Kingdom was able to obtain information two weeks after the event happened. That was the normal speed when it wasn’t emergency information.<br/>
From this it was clear just how absurd the speed of five days was.<br/>
Other than speed, accuracy was also essential for information. But Augusto instinctually believed that Tyros’s information was correct.<br/>
「──I ask you to please allow me to meet with Lord Antrim immediately.」<br/>
.<br/>
Part 4<br/>
The group was led to the guest room and they sat down on large sofas that were imported from Nordland.<br/>
「This is the specially made sofa of Lathen nya. I’m jealous nya. My family is absolutely unable to purchase something like this nya.」<br/>
Satsuki bounced on the sofa like a child (Selina and others were already considering her as a child in their mind) making merry.<br/>
Although Satsuki had the head shrine maiden as a mother, they were only somewhat wealthy financially. They didn’t have exceptional fortune like a margrave.<br/>
Lathen products were the products that especially catered to the royal family of Nordland. It was a brand that was famous as super high class furniture.<br/>
The glossiness of the leather’s color, the softness of the cushion, the simple but elegant design, there were many nobles and royal families that loved to use Lathen furniture.<br/>
Just possessing furniture of this brand was like a proof of being high class noble.<br/>
Satsuki wasn’t that knowledgeable about Lathen, but she was simply absorbed by the first-rate texture and softness that the sofa had. It showed just how sharp her senses were.<br/>
「……As expected from Margrave Antrim. It seems that the rumor that his assets can rival a country isn’t completely a lie.」<br/>
「Obviously. Baldr’s wallet isn’t filled just from this Antrim y’know?」<br/>
If Baldr was inclined to, he could also take loan from Savaran Company and Dowding Company, and on top of that he could also draw out aids from Sanjuan Kingdom and Majorca Kingdom anytime.<br/>
That was exactly why Baldr was able to make the decision to return Antrim back to Mauricia Kingdom.<br/>
「I see, that’s really envious.」<br/>
Augusto wasn’t someone who was troubled for woman, but he wasn’t blessed with woman like a Selina who could become a true partner for him.<br/>
But it didn’t stop there, Baldr also had other lovers like Seyruun who had been his maid since his childhood, the witch aka Agatha who was managing the domestic affairs of Antrim, and Silk who was the daughter of Marquis Randolph who was one of the ten great nobles of Mauricia. All were women who were hard to find anywhere. As a man Augusto couldn’t stop himself from feeling envy.<br/>
Or rather he wanted to tell Baldr Explode, I hope your dick fall off.<br/>
.<br/>
「──Have I made everyone wait?」<br/>
.<br/>
It was a mild voice, and yet there was a pressure in it that shook the soul for a moment.<br/>
The hero of this generation Baldr arrived at that timing. There was a growing charisma in him that could make the other party to shrink back regardless of the person’s own intention.<br/>
Baldr had grown taller and the innocence of youth had also faded from his expression. Even in Selina’s eyes Baldr had grown to be a sexually appealing adult.<br/>
Even knowing that growth came from a cruel destiny, it was the foolishness of a maiden in love to still feel her heart beating fast when facing him.<br/>
「It’s a honor to be allowed to meet your for the first time, Margrave Antrim-sama.」<br/>
「I have heard about you from Selina. I too am feeling fortunate to be able to form a connection with the Seven Elders of the maritime guild. Please don’t be so formal.」<br/>
「──A thousand thanks.」<br/>
I see, no wonder fatherValerie is so enthusiastic, August thought.<br/>
He clearly felt the valorous aura of man who was extolled as a hero while still alive from Baldr.<br/>
──At the same time.<br/>
(What a detestable man.)<br/>
(What a detestable man.)<br/>
Even though the two of them weren’t similar at all in personality, they both felt displeasure of facing someone similar to each other.<br/>
I recognize that he is a capable person, I also won’t hesitate to work together with him, but I still don’t like this guy──the two of them oddly got the same first impression at each other.<br/>
As for Satsuki, her face went bright red and she energetically got on her feet before bending at the waist to bow at Baldr.<br/>
「I-I am the shrine maiden princess of Gartlake’s beastman tribe, my name is Satsuki Kagetsu. Please treat me well.」<br/>
It seemed that Maggot’s punishment was effective. Satsuki had sensed that Baldr was stronger than her in a glance.<br/>
Being strong was enough to make someone to be worthy of respect in Satsuki’s eyes.<br/>
「Welcome visitor from afar. It’s great that it seems Kaa-san has also taken a liking to you.」<br/>
「Unyah? It was horrible nya, I don’t want someone like that to take a liking to me nya……」<br/>
「Did you say something just now? Auntie here has poor hearing you know.」<br/>
「I’m really happy to be able to meet someone like you nya!」<br/>
Baldr recalled his past seeing this very familiar scene. He reflexively nodded in understanding while feeling the corner of his eyes growing hot.<br/>
He wished that this girl would continue to divert Maggot’s attention to her just like this for a while.<br/>
Especially for the sake of his own peace.<br/>
「──Training of two versus one with you facing this girl together with me might be interesting isn’t it?」<br/>
「Spare me from that Okaa-sama, I’ll die.」<br/>
Baldr had already heard the information that Satsuki was a King’s Gate owner.<br/>
Even for Baldr, it would be difficult even just to escape when facing two King’s Gate owners at the same time.<br/>
Furthermore the opponent was the Silver Light Maggot.<br/>
「Eeh? Is that alright nya? Then I too want to try having a bout with Baldr-sama by all means nya!」<br/>
「No, two versus one is absolutely impossible for me.」<br/>
「One versus one is also alright if you treat me kindly nya.」<br/>
「……Selina is glaring at me like a demon, so stop using those words that can be easily mistaken.」<br/>
「Unya?」<br/>
Satsuki cutely tilted her head because she couldn’t understand what Baldr meant.<br/>
Baldr felt his heart pounding despite not intending to, but he felt the cold aura that Selina was radiating to grow stronger and he hurriedly averted his gaze.<br/>
「I-I’ll think about the sparring matter later.[<br/>
Baldr turned toward Augusto in order to diver the topic.<br/>
「There is a more important matter right now. We need to talk about the maritime guild. Isn’t that right?」<br/>
「I don’t mind to wait for Lord Antrim to finish sparring with the shrine maiden princess first though.」<br/>
「……So it’s fine even if I abandon Mulberry to its fate?」<br/>
「I’m joking.」<br/>
It wasn’t a funny joke at all.<br/>
Augusto should be in the position of someone begging for help from Baldr.<br/>
And yet he didn’t show it outwardly at all and he could even joke around. It was clear from that that this Augusto wasn’t an ordinary person.<br/>
──Baldr disliked him even more.<br/>
「I think you have heard but, it seems that the dukedom is intending to crush Mulberry for sure this time. I wish to ask for your opinion of how long they will able to hold out.」<br/>
「The city won’t fall in just one or two months. As long as no traitor appear that is.」<br/>
Mulberry itself could be said as an impregnable fortress.<br/>
There was rampart surrounding the whole city. Its height and thickness surpassed even the rampart of the royal castle of the capital Millianna.<br/>
Furthermore Mulberry could resupply materials and mercenaries as many as they liked as long as the harbor wasn’t locked out.<br/>
To be honest the possibility of Mulberry falling was extremely low. The city could only fall if there was betrayal from ally or the maritime guild losing the control of the sea and the enemy blockaded the sea.<br/>
「Do you have any idea if there will be traitor?」<br/>
「There will always be such person who will leap for the profit before their eyes without thinking any further no matter the era.」<br/>
August spoke ambiguously.<br/>
As expected he couldn’t admit that there was a disturbing element among the Seven Elders. He couldn’t carelessly showed weakness for the sake of future negotiation too.<br/>
「Well, that kind of thing can be said as a chronic disease of human……」<br/>
Baldr had the experience of getting driven to crisis because of the opportunist nobles at the second Antrim war. He knew just how troublesome such narrow-minded person could be.<br/>
But that wasn’t what was important right now.<br/>
「I see, I understand your feeling well. Let’s pray that Mister Gastone isn’t such a foolish person.」<br/>
Augusto’s body almost fell down because the shock he felt was too great, but he desperately endured it.<br/>
And then he maintained his smile that was only barely holding on there and raised both his hands in surrender.<br/>
「What kind of magic are you using? Well, I guess it’s impossible to hide Gastone’s stupidity completely.」<br/>
「──His ship took suspicious action with dukedom’s ship, so it was sunk along with the dukedom’s ship.」<br/>
「WHAT THE HELL HAVE YOU DONEEEEEEE!」<br/>
Mauricia didn’t have any navy, so was it the doing of Sanjuan Kingdom?<br/>
It wouldn’t be strange for war to break out between nations just from something like this.<br/>
If things didn’t go well, Baldr might turn maritime guild into his enemy too.<br/>
It would be a different story if there was really proof of Gastone’s betrayal, but even rotten like that Gastone was still one of the Seven Elders.<br/>
「Do you forget? Sanpaniradeon is still going strong right now even after their defeat against Sanjuan-Majorca combined fleet you know?」<br/>
「No, they should have yielded allegiance to Majorca Kingdom……」<br/>
Augusto noticed just as he was talking.<br/>
Although Sanpaniradeon had submitted to Majorca in reality, but that didn’t mean that they were affiliated with Majorca Kingdom at the surface. Their status outwardly was still pirate even now.<br/>
Other country wouldn’t be able to prove that Sanpaniradeon was truly under the command of Majorca Kingdom. No matter what Sanpaniradeon did, other country would only be able to lodge a complaint at best.<br/>
Augusto felt an emotion that was close to awe toward Baldr once more.<br/>
Mulberry had been placed under Baldr’s surveillance indirectly since a long time ago.<br/>
The shock that Augusto felt was great because he knew just how tough Kailas of Sanpaniradeon was as a fellow man of the sea.<br/>
「──Even so that’s bold. What are you going to do if they are taken prisoner by any chance?」<br/>
「There isn’t the slightest chance of them getting captured. After all I have witnessed with my own eyes just how firm the solidarity between Sanpaniradeon is.」<br/>
The strength of bond would be tested the most in defeat and not in victory.<br/>
When Kailas declared their surrender, his comrades quietly capitulated without any complaint at all.<br/>
──*Shiver*<br/>
At that time, a chill ran through Baldr’s spine as though there was ice that was stabbed into his back.<br/>
「They should never get captured. Perhaps they won’t get captured I think. They won’t get captured won’t they? Ahahahaha……」<br/>
.<br/>
Part 5<br/>
「What’s wrong? You are falling behind, second ship! Port easy!」<br/>
「Ma’am, ma’am! You are famous person so you mustn’t get too far ahead!」<br/>
The beautiful female captain who looked good wearing a hat with wide brim was surrounded by muscular sailors in bewilderment.<br/>
「That’s irrelevant as long as we sink the enemies! Mizzen!」<br/>
「This is no good……」<br/>
Even so they kept following the woman’s command accurately despite their bewilderment.<br/>
Just an hour ago the number of enemy ships was about the same with them, but right now there were only three enemy ships remaining.<br/>
「Ha──hahhaa! There is no way I can just keep quiet when there is something this fun right in front of me!」<br/>
The woman laughed loudly with a villainous expression.<br/>
She was someone who shouldn’t be here no matter what.<br/>
The navy minister of Majorca Kingdom who was feared with the nickname of Tormenta Negra of all people was riding on a pirate ship and attacking ships of Trystovy Dukedom.<br/>
「Ma’am, I won’t be responsible for how this turn out okay?」<br/>
「Right now I’m not Urraca de Parma. Let’s see, call me Madam Cornelius instead.」<br/>
「Your face is too well known though ma’am……」<br/>
Although there was no way that Urraca would obediently listen to other people.<br/>
The men nodded at each other. If it was like this then the best they could do was to not let even a single ship got away.<br/>
.<br/>
「Don’t fuck with me-! What’s the deal with those pirates-!」<br/>
「Hahha──! Ciao!」<br/>
A group of merchant ships of Answerer Kingdom that were loaded with foods which were indispensable for military campaign were annihilated without even leaving a single ship untouched.<br/>
The pirates quickly bought a lot of distance using the favorable wind and mocked the fleet of the dukedom that had rushed here to rescue the merchant ships.<br/>
「Shit! We can’t catch up! What the hell with that speed!」<br/>
The ship steering of the pirates was so excellent as though they were using wind magic.<br/>
Recently the dukedom was unable to prevent Sanpaniradeon’s rampant piracy and they were only able to control the sea around Riga which was the operation base of their navy.<br/>
The damage to their military supplies was especially serious.<br/>
What was even nastier was that even the fleets that were dispatched to subjugate the pirate all had the tables turned on them. The damage to the navy was continuously increasing.<br/>
Originally pirate wouldn’t be able to oppose the regular navy.<br/>
Battleship was the crystallization of technology at national level. Colossal amount of budget and effort was necessary in order to maintain and upgrade the navy of a country.<br/>
Sanpaniradeon was able to somehow take on even a country as their opponent was wholly thanks to the command of a genius like Kailas.<br/>
Now that Sanpaniradeon also received the support of Majorca Kingdom, so they had nothing ot fear anymore.<br/>
Furthermore it wasn’t just Kailas leading them──.<br/>
「Ahahahahaha! I’ll slaughter you all. For Baldr and my sake!」<br/>
「……As expected it makes me pitying the enemy like this.」<br/>
「They are facing the Clairvoyance Kailas and the Tormenta Negra Urraca……I’ll run with my tail between my leg if I’m at their place. This is what they mean when saying let the sleeping dogs lie.」<br/>
「……Fufufu……even Baldr won’t be able to refuse my request after I raise this much achievement!」<br/>
「Uwaa……」<br/>
The number of merchant ships that were sunk down was at the level that would gravely affect Trystovy Dukedom’s military campaign.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 6<br/>
An old knight slowly kneeled in front of the archduke.<br/>
「I sincerely hope that your majesty is in good humor──」<br/>
「Umu, it has been a long time.」<br/>
The man’s hair was white like snow. His muscles that filled his armor to the bursting in the past had also been reduced to skin and bone right now.<br/>
And yet the martial might that the man was radiating was filled with pressure that even the archduke Jack was unable to disregard.<br/>
「With all due respect──can’t I ask your majesty to rethink about the campaign this time once more?」<br/>
「Insolent! You are someone who has retired from the military sir, refrain yourself from saying such thing!」<br/>
The current commander-in-chief, Cesare hurriedly interrupted.<br/>
This was the chance that he had been waiting for to raise achievement. He wouldn’t let anyone to rob him of this chance at this point.<br/>
──The man silently stared at Cesare.<br/>
There wasn’t any color of anger or disappointment in his eyes.<br/>
There was only strength of will filling his gaze. It easily overpowered Cesare in the mental battle.<br/>
Cesare’s memory when he was the subordinate of this old knight made him unconsciously shrinking back in front of his presence.<br/>
The man’s name was Olten Helcantus.<br/>
He was the previous commander-in-chief of Trystovy Dukedom’s military. He was renowned as the guardian god of Trystovy after the rebellion.<br/>
If the guardian god behind the scene was Valerie (though he was actually also this country’s greatest enemy), then the guardian god at the surface was none other than Olten.<br/>
Without his deep loyalty and selfless dedication, it would be difficult for the archduke faction with its weak political foundation to protect the country from the royalist faction until now.<br/>
According to one theory, the royal guard troops under his leadership deciding to go against the king was what became the deciding factor of the coup d’etat’s success.<br/>
Because of that the arcduke Jack was also unable to treat Olten lightly.<br/>
Such thing was annoying for the current commander-in-chief Cesare.<br/>
「Are you aware that there is a scoundrel in Mauricia Kingdom who claim that he is the grandson of the late king? If we let go of this chance, who knows when that person will invite the intervention of Mauricia Kingdom into here……」<br/>
Olten replied calmly.<br/>
「The intervention of Mauricia Kingdom is already unavoidable. Therefore I believe that we should make a thorough preparation instead of a hasty one like now if we can’t avoid intervention before dealing with the rebels anyway.」<br/>
「We can take down Mulberry before they intervene! You don’t need to worry needlessly!」<br/>
「We will only play into the hand of the maritime guild if the battle get prolonged at the current situation where the material supply from Answerer Kingdom is delayed you know?」<br/>
「Mulberry has to be taken down by Trystovy’s own effort! The material supply from Answerer is nothing more than an extra guarantee!」<br/>
Cesare’s sore spot was stabbed by Olten’s words and he raised his fist with a declaration.<br/>
His memory of Olten lambasting his tactic when he was still Olten’s subordinate was resurrected in his mind. It made Cesare became even more stubborn.<br/>
「The other side has the control of the sea, so it’s nearly impossible to obstruct their reinforcement from coming. Just how are you going to bring down Mulberry and how long it will take?」<br/>
「Nuguu……」<br/>
Olten always argued logically like this which made it nastier for him.<br/>
Cesare wanted to argue that they wouldn’t know such thing unless they went to the actual battlefield, but he could already imagine Olten cornering him even more if he said such argument.<br/>
The number of troops that would be deployed this time was 45000.<br/>
It was fifty percent more than the largest army that was dispatched before. The amount of food supplies that were prepared was more than doubled.<br/>
If he hesitated to fight while possessing this much military strength, he could only be called as coward.<br/>
Cesare was about to dig his grave even deeper with his fury driving him, but then Jack slowly raised his right hand.<br/>
「There is meaning in Trystovy bringing down Mulberry with our own effort. There won’t be another chance for that if we abandon this chance. Olten, I will listen to any advice you have if it’s for winning, but if you are only telling us to stop then leave.」<br/>
「──By your will.」<br/>
As expected, Olten thought.<br/>
It was hard to think that this many troops could be mobilized just because of Cesare’s power hungry desire. The will of the archduke himself must be working behind it too.<br/>
It was the correct decision to take down Mulberry by their own effort if they wanted to protect their political independence.<br/>
The problem was whether the opponent would allow that or not.<br/>
The unity of the maritime guild was solid. Although their main force was composed from mercenary, the veteran mercenaries there could be thought as Mulberry’s regular army already.<br/>
Furthermore they could use their harbor to replenish the mercenaries and supplies as much as they wanted. With the maritime guild’s extraordinary financial muscle, it would be the dukedom army that threw in the towel in a long battle.<br/>
「Don’t worry too much. This time we also have someone working together with us among those guys. There is also a report that the tanned young lion is also absent.」<br/>
「Battle is always accompanied by the unexpected. I ask your majesty to at least allow this servant of yours to accompany the troops.」<br/>
That wasn’t funny. Cesare wanted to protest so that this noisy old man wouldn’t keep shadowing him around.<br/>
「Allowing a retired general to come along with the troops will only throw the military’s chain of command into disarray. Please don’t make any rash decision your majesty.」<br/>
「No, it’ll be better if you also have an experienced advisor at your side. Olten too won’t do anything that throw the chain of command into disarray, isn’t that right Olten?」<br/>
「Of course, I will limit myself to simply give advice if by any chance the worst should occur.」<br/>
「That’s what Olten say. Bring him with you.」<br/>
「──By your will.」<br/>
Now that the lord had said that, it was impossible for the retainer to refuse.<br/>
Cesare allowed Olten to come along although he was extremely reluctant.<br/>
「──Sir Helcantus, in the end you will only be allowed to give advice. Absolutely don’t do any meddling that will disturb the order.」<br/>
「I know. I’m praying that we will be able to win safely without any hitch.」<br/>
But, Olten was convinced that just this time they wouldn’t be able to go through this battle with only prayer.<br/>
(Ramillies, to think that I will end up fighting you at this age.)<br/>
He had spent much effort to search for his best friend that he had parted company with in the past.<br/>
The king who Ramillies had given up on collapsed due to the archduke’s coup d’etat.<br/>
Thinking that Ramillies’s strength would be needed for the new era, Olten who was the commander of the royal guard used his personal money to search for Ramillies’s whereabouts.<br/>
Olten who played an active role in dealing with the terrorism activities that the royalist faction done repeatedly and opposing the merchant organization that was at the center of the maritime guild had climbed the rank until he became the commander-in-chief when he noticed it.<br/>
It would be beyond reassuring if he had Ramillies at his side. Rather than him, someone like Ramillies should be far worthier to be the commander-in-chief.<br/>
The news about Ramillies’s whereabouts reached Olten several months after the coup d’etat.<br/>
Olten was disappointed learning that his best friend had become a general in Mauricia Kingdom.<br/>
At the same time he harbored anger to Ramillies who was serving a country like Mauricia while forgetting his loyalty to Viktor even though that was the reason he abandoned his homeland.<br/>
Rather than swearing loyalty to Mauricia Kingdom, Ramillies should choose to defeat Trystovy Kingdom like him instead and then worked to direct the country to head to a better direction as much as possible.<br/>
But either way, the possibility of him standing side by side with his best friend once more had vanished with that.<br/>
After that, he heard from rumor that Ramillies retired from active service in military and became the headmaster of a knight academy.<br/>
Olten felt that both of them had grown old. He also retired and left the position of commander-in-chief to the next generation.<br/>
Perhaps it would be good for him to grow old like this and died peacefully.<br/>
He started thinking such thing while watching his grandson growing up and serving the country as an apprentice knight. And then this incident occurred.<br/>
The information about Princess Marguerite’s survival. And then her son Baldr Antrim Cornelius announced his status as the royal family’s successor.<br/>
He was the great grandson of that Count Viktor Pazarov.<br/>
It was only then Olten understood why Ramillies was staying in Mauricia all this time.<br/>
He also realized that Ramillies wasn’t a man who would just quietly overlook this chance.<br/>
Surely Ramillies was whippinghis old body to hurry and run to join Baldr.<br/>
Ramillies was a reliable man as ally, but terrifying as an enemy.<br/>
If Baldr was coming in order to revive Trystovy Kingdom, then Ramillies would definitely stand at his side too.<br/>
It wasn’t good to say this but, the burden was too great for Cesare to face Ramillies.<br/>
In addition he couldn’t possibly allow a man who abandoned his homeland to trample the Trystovy Kingdom that OIten had staked his life to protect.<br/>
「I’m overflowing with gratitude that your majesty is kindly lending an ear to this retainer of yours during your busy schedule. I shall offer everything for your majesty’s sake as long as this life still continue.」<br/>
「Umu, I’m happy for sir’s faithful service.」<br/>
Olten was one of the very few men within the country who swore loyalty to him without any selfish motive.<br/>
Jack replied back to Olten with a good mood.<br/>
Cesare was displeased seeing that, but he had the discretion to know that it wouldn’t be wise to incur Jack’s displeasure here.<br/>
While leaving the audience hall, Olten felt that the heat of banked fire that he hadn’t felt for a long time within his old body was gradually coming back.<br/>
He was still able to fight.<br/>
This heat that was blazing up with exaltation for the coming battle was the proof of that.<br/>
「……Come to think of it, this is the first time that I’m going to fight you seriously huh, Ramillies.」<br/>
.<br/>
Part 7<br/>
「You won’t be fit for the frontline with that kind of weak-kneed attitude! Add five hundred more swings!」<br/>
「Yes sir!」<br/>
Ramillies recalled the time when he was still a non-commissioned officer while training the soldiers hard.<br/>
The soldiers were getting used to being given order with this training.<br/>
By making the soldiers’s body to memorize obedience toward order, it became possible for the army to take action as an organization.<br/>
This training was especially necessary for Antrim army that was mostly composed from mercenaries.<br/>
「I keep telling you to match your paceee! You won’t be able to fight as group like that!」<br/>
「Your turning is slow! Redo it!」<br/>
Gerhart and Barnard’s angry yells reverberated.<br/>
They each led a unit of troops. The unit that finished their assignment faster would be liberated from today’s hell.<br/>
Of course, the fate of the remaining unit could be easily guessed.<br/>
「Ha-ha! I’m recalling the past, general. Of those days where you worked the apprentices really hard at the yard in front of the barrack in the royal palace.」<br/>
「You guys still have it easy compared to the general’s training at that time.」<br/>
──That’s absolutely a lie.<br/>
The severely exhausted soldiers were just barely able to stop themselves from saying that.<br/>
「We have no intention to use you guys as disposable troops. Endure this hard training right now in order to survive. There is a tough opponent waiting for us at Trystovy.」<br/>
Luck and training were necessary in order to not die.<br/>
Ramillies recalled his best friend who spilled sweat and blood together with him at his younger days when he learned that. He turned his gaze toward the western sky.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 8<br/>
The scene returned to the guest room in Gawain castle.<br/>
Augusto was continuing his conversation with Baldr while acting easygoing, but he was actually feeling defeated.<br/>
If the gap between him and the other party in regard to information amount was this wide, it would only be a dream within a dream to try winning in business.<br/>
The plan of maritime guild selling favor to Baldr by welcoming him as the legitimate king had half failed due to the counter punch of the dukedom dispatching their soldiers.<br/>
If the messenger to Baldr wasn’t August, they might doubt Baldr’s information and wouldn’t change their stance of selling favor to Baldr.<br/>
However Augusto didn’t doubt Baldr’s information at the slightest. Baldr wasn’t such stupid man who would make a lie that could be exposed easily with just a little investigation.<br/>
「──By the way Augusto-dono, do you know about a man named Olten?」<br/>
Baldr asked Augusto.<br/>
「Of course I know him. Or rather, there are fewer people who are born in Trystovy who don’t know him compared to those who know him. He is a meritorious retainer who has supported the dukedom.」<br/>
At the same time he was also a tough enemy, Augusto thought. The threat of the dukedom had definitely decreased dramatically since he retired.<br/>
「That Olten and our Ramillies are old acquaintance you see.」<br/>
「Come to think of it Ramillies-dono was a royal guard of Trystovy Kingdom. However Olten-dono has already retired from the military you know?」<br/>
「Ramillies told me that there is no way that person will just quietly remain a spectator.」<br/>
「……I see, it will be troublesome if Ramillies-dono’s prediction come true.」<br/>
Both of them were once inseparable from each other as best friend. The prediction of Ramillies and Olten was splendidly matching each other.<br/>
「And so, can you tell me what kind of person Cesare is?」<br/>
「There is nothing that particularly stand out from him. If I have to say what his forte is, he is a man who is skilful in his use of disposable pawns.」<br/>
「Disposable pawns?」<br/>
The corner of Augusto’s lips rose up and he spat out his words scornfully.<br/>
「He often win by using his ally as decoy to concentrate the damage there. That’s how that guy buried all his rivals and gained his position as the commander-in-chief right now.」<br/>
「And Olten just accepted that?」<br/>
「No, Cesare was a teacher of his highness Bernardi. He was able to obtain so many promotions because he has the crown prince as his backer.」<br/>
「I see, in other words he is a fox borrowing the authority of a tiger.」<br/>
That would be alright if the time was peaceful. No, it still wouldn’t be good but at least it wouldn’t be a fatal problem.<br/>
The problem was the fact that a fox would never be able to match a lion in the battlefield.<br/>
If the army was led by Cesare, then there would be nothing to fear even if it was an army of forty or fifty thousands.<br/>
「He is famous for being someone small minded, so he won’t has any subordinates who will risk his life for him.」<br/>
「──And if Olten is the commander?」<br/>
「I think you can consider that the dukedom army will become like one solid rock.」<br/>
「I see. Considering Olten’s temperament, he seems like a person who won’t hesitate to do something like arresting Cesare and taking over the army even if it will land him with death sentence after the battle……or so I’ve heard.」<br/>
Something like that might be possible based on what Ramillies said.<br/>
Olten had the resolve to abandon honor and even his family in order to protect his homeland.<br/>
It was a point of difference between Ramillies who gave up on his homeland after his lord was killed and Olten that would never be resolved between the two.<br/>
「Let me ask frankly, how long the maritime guild will be able to hold out when facing the dukedom army under Olten’s leadership?」<br/>
Augusto stiffened as though he had swallowed a rod at Baldr’s question.<br/>
It was because he understood that the war situation would change based on his single answer. This might decide victory or defeat.<br/>
He could bluff that Mulberry was impregnable.<br/>
But, the maritime guild might be annihilated if the reinforcement came late.<br/>
What would happen if he said that Mulberry wouldn’t be able to hold out for even half a month?<br/>
If Baldr learned that the maritime guild only had strength of that level, they would be treated as one of his sponsors rather than his equal partner.<br/>
If that happened then the political influence of the maritime guild would drop drastically.<br/>
It was impossible to carry out war without economic activity, but what won the war was always direct military strength.<br/>
The merchants of maritime guild had been taught that bitter lesson by the destruction of the kingdom.<br/>
「Mulberry won’t fall within a month if we hold the control of the sea. However it might be difficult to hold out for two months.」<br/>
Such thought ran within Augusto’s mind for a few moment before he gave the answer.<br/>
Mulberry would be able to hold out even for six months if there wasn’t any uncertain factor in play.<br/>
However if their business activity was halted for more than a month, the companies that didn’t have much stamina would definitely start complaining.<br/>
Furthermore one of the Seven Elders was also heavily suspected to be in collusion with the enemy.<br/>
But even with all those factors taken into consideration, Augusto couldn’t imagine that Mulberry would fall within one month.<br/>
「──We better hurry then.」<br/>
「By that do you think that Mulberry won’t even be able to hold out for a month?」<br/>
Augusto asked with a calm voice, but his feeling was also slightly offended by Baldr’s words.<br/>
Augusto had the confidence that his analysis wasn’t any kind of overestimation at all.<br/>
「It’s just my instinct. The wall of Mulberry was unshaken even when Olten-dono was still active in the military as the commander-in-chief. There is no way Cesare can bring down that city by simply adding number to his troops.」<br/>
「So you are saying, that there is a hidden ploy here?」<br/>
「It’s only natural to think that there is one unless the archduke is evaluating Cesare’s capability very highly. Though it’s a different matter if the archduke actually has suicidal impulse.」<br/>
Maintaining a large army for long period was very difficult even with Answerer Kingdom’s support.<br/>
Sleeping place, toilet, bathing or if that was impossible tools for wiping body. All of those things had to be prepared for the whole troops. If they shirked in preparing all those things, the troops’ morale would rapidly decline.<br/>
Soldiers with low morale wouldn’t be any different from a disorderly crowd.<br/>
This was the cause why in most case long period castle siege ended with the defeat of the attacking side.<br/>
That was why Baldr didn’t think that the dukedom was simply adding the number of the troops without preparing another trick for their attack.<br/>
However there was no definite proof. This was just based on Baldr’s instinct.<br/>
However Baldr had inherited the knowledge from his previous previous life Oka Sanai who was sleeping inside him, that sometimes this kind of instinct could decide between victory or defeat.<br/>
「Looks like we also can’t take it slow.」<br/>
Antrim’s preparation was still insufficient for Baldr’s troops to depart in expedition to Trystovy.<br/>
Even so Baldr’s instinct couldn’t stop feeling that right now was the time for battle.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 9<br/>
「──How did it end up like this?」<br/>
Baldr looked up to the sky while feeling how unreasonable things were for him like usual.<br/>
「Ahahaha……that’s because I want to try fighting.」<br/>
Maggot puffed up her small chest brazenly.<br/>
The size of her chest didn’t increase for even a millimeter even though she was breast-feeding Nigel and Marguerite.<br/>
「──Do you want to die?」<br/>
「Not at all!」<br/>
「I’ll show you my true strength nya! I absolutely won’t be a burden nyah!」<br/>
This started from Satsuki’s forceful demand to come along to Mulberry.<br/>
At first her plan was to gauge Baldr’s strength before the cat-eared tribe would decide their stance, but as the result of her defeat against Maggot, Satsuki had already decided to be Baldr’s subordinate.<br/>
She was a failure as the representative of her family, but it could be said that there was nothing wrong with Satsuki’s decision itself.<br/>
「──The young miss can’t be stopped when she is like this. We too will simply accompany her until the bottom of hell!」<br/>
「This is absolutely strange……」<br/>
Augusto was the representative of the maritime guild, but he was also related to the dog-eared tribe of Nordland. This situation was extremely troubling for him.<br/>
The dog-eared tribe starting from Gina had already decided to go all out in giving Baldr their backup.<br/>
But they still needed more time to obtain the formal authorization from Nordland Empire to send out several thousand soldiers.<br/>
The dog-eared tribe’s honor would be affected if the honor of fighting in the first battle was stolen by the cat-eared tribe. If Gitze learned of this matter, he might die from a fit of anger.<br/>
Or rather, the sparks from this would surely fall on him too. They would yell at him saying that he should do something.<br/>
(Be quicker you all──! It won’t be my fault even if you guys don’t make it in timeee!)<br/>
Baldr and Satsuki ignored the trouble that Augusto was in and they faced each other with sword in hands.<br/>
「──First is introduction. I think you already know but, don’t you dare disappoint me okay, Baldr?」<br/>
「Yes ma’am!」<br/>
Baldr’s standing was weak as usual.<br/>
There was no way he could use Over Boost──the double body strengthening which was highly risky just for a mock battle.<br/>
Maggot’s invincibility was still going strong when they faced each other without using any doping.<br/>
「I’m going all out nya!」<br/>
Satsuki lowered her body very low like a cat.<br/>
Her body leaned forward as though she was going to leap at her prey. That posture really looked similar with a cat.<br/>
The atmosphere around Baldr also changed when his opponent started preparing to fight.<br/>
It was an overwhelming martial aura that was like a storm that was only possessed by those with King’s Gate. Not even a single instant of carelessness was allowed now that power had been released.<br/>
「Here I go nya.」<br/>
「Come!」<br/>
Satsuki sprinted like purple lightning with a powerful step that caused the ground to be indented.<br/>
Only Baldr and Maggot were able to perceive her speed.<br/>
August was only barely perceiving Satsuki’s figure as a blur.<br/>
──*Swoosh!*<br/>
「UNYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!」<br/>
Her swing that was filled with all her strength backfired.<br/>
Satsuki’s sword cut through empty air vigorously. It made Satsuki’s body to rotate clockwise due to her centrifugal force.<br/>
She was barely able to keep herself from falling, but Baldr didn’t overlook that opening.<br/>
「That’s the bad habit of beastman. Never forget to check whether there is magic in use or not before fighting.」<br/>
A voice came from empty air where there was nobody, but then right after that a sword was pressed on the slender neck of Satsuki who was on her knee.<br/>
「H-how nya?」<br/>
From Satsuki’s perspective, the battle had been decided without her understanding what happened at all.<br/>
Unfortunately Gartlake didn’t have a warrior like Baldr who fought using high level magic and swordsmanship together.<br/>
「──Is that, something like a mirage?」<br/>
Augusto had encountered that phenomenon several times as a sailor and squeezed out his voice in a whisper.<br/>
Although he understood that such phenomenon existed, he couldn’t comprehend at all how such thing could be reproduced with magic. It was only natural that he was surprised.<br/>
「One more time! I demand one more match nyah!」<br/>
Satsuki stood up with her shoulders squared angrily.<br/>
Baldr unconsciously chuckled seeing how childish she was acting.<br/>
「……Alright, come.」<br/>
It wasn’t like Baldr was looking down on Satsuki.<br/>
But, he was seeing himself on Satsuki’s innocent desire for winning that was like him in the past when he was trying to surpass Maggot.<br/>
But that was an attitude of the strong that was for the first time directed at Satsuki who previously stood on the lonely height as the strongest due to her King’s Gate.<br/>
「──Here I come nya!」<br/>
There wasn’t any more need to hold back.<br/>
There was also no need to be considerate to the opponent, and there was also no need for her to consider her own position.<br/>
Satsuki finally met an opponent who she could fight with all her strength liberated──other than Maggot. She was a sadist after all.<br/>
「YOUUUUUUUUUUU!」<br/>
「You won’t land a hit on a stronger opponent without even using any feint.」<br/>
Satsuki fell down face first because she was tripped up while charging straight forward.<br/>
「FUNYAAAAAAAAAAH!」<br/>
Baldr far surpassed her in everything whether it was in stamina or technique or tactic.<br/>
Even with the power of King’s Gate, Satsuki was unable to even cross sword with him properly.<br/>
Satsuki received advice from Baldr as though she was being instructed. Her face brightened with liveliness.<br/>
「──She has fallen.」<br/>
Maggot was watching the two with displeasure.<br/>
It felt like she was watching her dearest husbandIgnis who she left behind in Cornelius using his wiles unconsciously to seduce a woman.<br/>
「It’s irritating so I’ll also join in.」<br/>
「Eh? Kaa-san, what are you saying? No way, seriously?」<br/>
「Missy, try moving just like I’m telling you. You should at least get a little payback from Baldr.」<br/>
「I-I understand nyah!」<br/>
This person was the only one that she must never oppose.<br/>
Satsuki’s animalistic instinct was telling her that.<br/>
「Now then, let’s take revenge.」<br/>
「Wait, if you want to take revenge then at least come alone……stop, facing two King’s Gate owners simultaneously really isn’t funny at all! UWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!」<br/>
.<br/>
「L-Lord Antrim, are you alive?」<br/>
Baldr’s state was so tragic that Augusto called out at him with trembling voice even though it wasn’t something that happened to him.<br/>
「……There is no reply. Looks like it’s just a corpse.」<br/>
「I’m alive! Don’t kill me as you please!」<br/>
Maggot immediately cut in.<br/>
「Ou ou, looks like you are still energetic. How about going one more round?」<br/>
「──I’m fine being a corpse.」<br/>
Baldr’s gaze listlessly fell down and his body pitched forward to fall.<br/>
The one hour that had just passed could only be described as hell.<br/>
Baldr’s true strength was clear to see just from looking at how he was able to keep up with two King’s Gate owners as his opponent for one hour.<br/>
(Although it seems that great strength came back to bite him in the ass instead.)<br/>
Augusto believed that Baldr’s great strength and endurance only served to prolong the hell instead.<br/>
If by any chance it was him who fought just now, he would definitely get knocked out in the first few seconds.<br/>
Augusto’s eyes felt teary after witnessing Baldr’s effort considering his SAN pointsanity point, er, stamina that got boisterously shaved off due to facing the two monsters that were Maggot and Satsuki.<br/>
「──And so you pass.」<br/>
「Unya?」<br/>
「There is no way we can just ignore a battle potential like you isn’t it?」<br/>
Satsuki realized the meaning of Baldr’s words and her face broke open into a bright smile that was like a sun.<br/>
「I’m happy nyah! I’ll be useful for sure nyah!」<br/>
Satsuki was in high spirits and she leaped to embrace Baldr, but Maggot’s iron grip to her head stopped her.<br/>
「My bad. I recognize your usefulness in the battlefield missy, but that doesn’t mean that I have accepted you to be Baldr’s wife.」<br/>
「Hurt! Hurt! IT HURT NYAAAAAAH!」<br/>
Satsuki yelled at the top of her lung hearing the creaking sound from her skull.<br/>
With Satsuki’s childish appearance, it was like watching a small kid got bullied. Baldr reflexively protected Satsuki with his arms.<br/>
「Stop that Kaa-san, what are you doing to a small child like this……」<br/>
「Uu, I’m not small at all nya……but, thank you nya.」<br/>
Satsuki buried her face on Baldr’s chest and let out a relieved sigh. Her cheeks were reddening like cherry.<br/>
──*Snap* Blood vein pulsed on Maggot’s forehead.<br/>
Regardless of the reason, it was some nerve that Baldr had to oppose her while flirting with other woman.<br/>
「I see. So you too are similar with your father just in that respect. I get it now. An enemy of woman has to be disciplined.」<br/>
「No, I’m troubled if you compare me to Tou-san like that. Don’t group me together with him, seriously.」<br/>
「Are you still not satisfied even after seducing Silk, Seyruun, Selina, and even Agatha and her highness Rachel!? As I thought you are really that man’s son!」<br/>
She should discipline her son even more strictly.<br/>
She kept getting completely distracted with breaking in that studhorse Ignis that she allowed her adorable son to grow into a new studhorse like this!<br/>
「I don’t know what to say to that but, I’m also resolved to make all of them happy with my whole heart……」<br/>
「You moron, who can trust that you’re going to make them happy when you’re laying your hand on another woman right in front of me like this!」<br/>
「Wait, isn’t it immature that you seriously opened the King’s Gate here? Kaa-san!」<br/>
「Unfortunately I never remember growing up into a sensible adult!」<br/>
,<br/>
「──Don’t get jealous with the like of a little girl when you are at that age already!」<br/>
.<br/>
Baldr and Maggot turned around at the same time toward that familiar voice.<br/>
The person’s voice was somewhat hoarse from age, but the vigor that was filling her words was still imposing.<br/>
「You shitty haagg, what the hell are you doing here?」<br/>
「Gina-obaachan!」<br/>
*ZUGO──!*<br/>
Maggot fell down face first on the ground the moment she heard Baldr’s sentence.<br/>
「O-Obaa-chan you said?」<br/>
「……She cried and begged me to call her that when we bid farewell.」<br/>
Gina’s eyes were moist at that time but that was definitely an act……or rather a threat.<br/>
If you don’t listen to my request, you know what’ll happen right?<br/>
Gina was wordlessly pressuring him like that.<br/>
「You hag are the one who should think of your ageeeeee!」<br/>
「Isn’t it only natural to want to get called Obaa-chan by my cute great grandson?」<br/>
「You don’t look like a proper grandma at all! This Thunder of Helsing!」<br/>
──Certainly!<br/>
Baldr and Augusto exchanged gaze and nodded to each other.<br/>
As expected from people who hated each other because of their similarity, their opinion splendidly matched with each other.<br/>
「Unlike the past, this day I’m always tormented by feeling of forlornness because I don’t have long to live anymore……geho geho」<br/>
Gina coughed theatrically. Maggot blew up with fury seeing her act.<br/>
「Guess I should end your life here!」<br/>
「Just try it if you think you can.」<br/>
Both of them grinned fearlessly and opened their respective King’s Gate. Stasuki who was watching the occurrence in a daze reacted in surprise at that.<br/>
「I have heard the rumor nya……that the Thunder of Helsing might be a King’s Gate owner.」<br/>
「Well, it’s just as you can see.」<br/>
「This is strange nya! How can there are four King’s Gate owners gathered in one place like this when there wasn’t even one before for hundreds of years nya!」<br/>
At times the chaotic era would give birth to countless heroes. Perhaps there was truth to that saying?<br/>
The disposition of hero couldn’t be displayed at peaceful time, so perhaps there were countless hero candidates who were buried in history without realizing their potential at all?<br/>
Most likely there were also some King’s Gate owners among those people.<br/>
Perhaps they hid their beastman bloodline, or perhaps they weren’t blessed with chance to wield their power under the oppression on beastman.<br/>
But there was a reason why four King’s Gate owners appeared in the same generation like this. it was a historical inevitability because of necessity.<br/>
Both Maggot and Gina were in the same opinion only in regard to that.<br/>
「Is there any need to include this old corpse who is about to croak in that count? Hah! She is just a hag who is inferior than even a little girl from Gartlake!」<br/>
「So this piss stinky little girl can talk big now. You might have forgotten but, when you fainted after challenging me that time you──」<br/>
「DON’T SAY ANYMOREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!」<br/>
Maggot howled loudly, at the same time her fist sharply grazed Gina’s nose tip.<br/>
However Gina’s martial might wasn’t so shallow that she would get hit by Maggot’s attack when she was agitated like this.<br/>
She dodged it by lightly twisting her neck, at the same time her right foot flew at Maggot’s pivot leg to trip her up. This was the skill of a veteran warrior.<br/>
「Tsk!」<br/>
Maggot immediately back stepped from the kicking foot and opened the distance.<br/>
「You have grown. Even though you fell down comically in the past from this counter.」<br/>
The memory of the day when Maggot challenged Gina was still fresh in her mind.<br/>
Maggot had never tasted defeat to such degree for her whole life even once since her training with Ramillies at her childhood.<br/>
Gina’s superb tactic in offense and defense where she would pull when being pushed and push when the opponent pulled made Maggot helpless at that time. That humiliation was something that she couldn’t possibly forget.<br/>
But, she wasn’t the inexperienced Marguerite at that time anymore!<br/>
This time it was her turn to show this old woman the overwhelming difference that existed between them!<br/>
「──Good grief, how rude you can be toward your grandmother who exchanged your wet underwear when you pissed yourself.」<br/>
「WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT!」<br/>
Maggot’s gaze along with her body immediately snapped toward Baldr. Her whole body was immediately turning bright red.<br/>
「B-Baldr, that’s a lie, that’s totally a lie. Don’t believe to the word of this old hag. Never believe her.」<br/>
Maggot was looking completely flustered with sweats drenching her body like waterfall. Her appearance spoke the truth more eloquently than anything.<br/>
「I wonder who was it that said it felt breezy for some reason between her leg when she woke up in the morning?」<br/>
Maggot yelled with teary eyes.<br/>
「You coward! Even though you old hag must also have messed up a lot when you were young!」<br/>
「This too is what you call the wisdom of age.」<br/>
At that time Gina was able to display a strength that was close to her capability in her heyday, and Maggot was still just a little girl who couldn’t open her King’s Gate fully.<br/>
Maggot would definitely win if they fought now.<br/>
The problem was that the past still couldn’t be changed even then, and that the son who she didn’t want to learn about her mistake of her youth was present here.<br/>
「Well, don’t mind it. It’s impressive how you fought so hard that you even pissed yourself you know?」<br/>
「THAT’S ABSOLUTELY A LIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! GINA YOU MOROOONNNNNN!」<br/>
Maggot was unable to stay any longer here and left like a gust of wind while leaving behind her scream in Doppler effect.<br/>
Maggot didn’t have any resistance at all when she was provoked with something she was embarrassed about even though she would happily do the same to her opponent.<br/>
Gina muttered.<br/>
「──I didn’t intend to go this far.」<br/>
「That’s absolutely a lie-!」<br/>
Baldr and Augusto were in harmony once more despite not intending it.<br/>
.<br/>
「I’m Gina from Orebro. I’m glad to meet you.」<br/>
I’m the shrine maiden princess of Gartlake, Satsuki Kagetsu nya. I too have heard about your story nya.]<br/>
Gina and Satsuki originally should be in hostility toward each other, but mysteriously there was no hatred or hostility that welled up within themselves.<br/>
One of the reasons for that was because Satsuki had never participated in war until now, but Gina’s status as Baldr’s great grandmother also had great effect to that.<br/>
「──Good grief, you should give some notice at least if the shrine maiden princess is here. Thanks to that we almost got fallen behind!」<br/>
「If I can say something Gina-sama, I too only knew about this today.」<br/>
Augusto sighed in relieve even while saying that. With this he was able to avoid the worst situation of Gitze getting really mad that he strangled him to death.<br/>
「Well, I’m glad that I made it in time. I won’t let you refuse my help okay, Baldr?」<br/>
「……No, it’s reassuring to have Obaa-chan at our side.」<br/>
This wasn’t simply reassuring.<br/>
With this he could consider that all the King’s Gate owners in this continent were gathered at his side.<br/>
If things went well, it was possible to face an army of tens of thousands with just these four.<br/>
There was no better reinforcement than this for the small force of Antrim.<br/>
「Gitze is doing his best but, sorry, Nordland’s beastmen will only arrive in around two more months at this rate.」<br/>
「That’s already more than enough.」<br/>
For Baldr, there was already a meaning in just the fact that the beastman race was supporting him. Because the society that Baldr dreamed of would only be a dream within a dream if he couldn’t obtain the support of the beastmen.<br/>
This delay was also unexpected for Gina.<br/>
Actually the number of beastmen who wanted to participate in this battle after obtaining Baldr as symbol had grown to a number that far exceeded her expectation.<br/>
As expected they wouldn’t be able to dispatch them all while leaving Nordland empty, so they had to implement a test to select who would be chosen for the expedition.<br/>
.<br/>
「Oraaah! Line up quickly you maggots! Number one! First slash at this doll with all your strength!」<br/>
「Aye sir!」<br/>
「I’ll murder you bastard if you keep dawdling! (I too want to go join the beast king right away damn it!)」<br/>
.<br/>
Test of basic physical ability and mock battle.<br/>
After they finished with that they would then form the force. Even doing just that would take more than a month.<br/>
If they also included the travel time until arriving at Antrim, it would take two months no matter how much they rushed.<br/>
「And so Obaa-chan came ahead of them?」<br/>
「No, her highness the prince asked me to do a bit of errand you see.」<br/>
Gina said that and averted her gaze meaningfully.<br/>
Baldr followed her gaze and saw a beautifully blooming flower over there.<br/>
「That’s……I’m sorry for all the troubles but……I’m happy to be able to meet you again, Baldr-sama.」<br/>
Rachel was standing there. Her hair had been cut. She had a neat and clean appearance, but the sex appeal of adult woman was thickly radiated from her.<br/>
Rachel desperately suppressed her wish to run away from here because she was feeling too embarrassed.<br/>
There wasn’t the slightest falsehood in her feeling of love toward Baldr, but what she did was a one-sided courting at Baldr.<br/>
After all she tore up her engagement and removed her from the royal family register for Baldr who wasn’t even her lover.<br/>
She was amazed that Baldr still accepted her.<br/>
She couldn’t thank William and Beatrice enough for arranging everything till this point.<br/>
「──I’m glad that you don’t end up marrying someone like August.」<br/>
Even for Baldr, August was a lump of elitism that he couldn’t bear to interact with.<br/>
He could easily imagine him treating Rachel as a mere political tool.<br/>
The fact that Baldr was genuinely thinking that was conveyed to Rachel too. Her eyes moistened from feeling deeply moved.<br/>
Her shyness was still there like before, but there was a dignified resolve overflowing from Rachel after she parted from Welkin for the sake of love.<br/>
Rachel leaped on Baldr’s chest as the sweet pain in her chest told her to. Baldr too caught her slender body.<br/>
「I’m sorry. I acted selfishly──」<br/>
Even while feeling peaceful within Baldr’s embrace, Rachel was also aware of how much effect there was from her action this time.<br/>
Just incurring the displeasure of King Welkin was already a serious affair.<br/>
But she had even brushed away the eldest son of Duke Richmond who was an authority among the bureaucrat nobles. It wouldn’t be strange for a normal noble to dislike even just exchanging words with Rachel right now.<br/>
It didn’t stop there. Rachel’s heart was also weighed down by the fact that her feeling was one-sided. She hadn’t even confessed to Baldr before all this happened.<br/>
But even with all those obstacles──Rachel wouldn’t allow other man than Baldr to touch her body. Baldr was honestly happy by her resolve.<br/>
「I believe that a strong will has the power to change fate. That’s why──I’m grateful that you showed me how you changed your fate.」<br/>
After Baldr introduced himself as the successor of Trystovy, events naturally flowed for him to take Silk as his wife as she was a survivor of the old royal family.<br/>
Of course marrying a princess from Mauricia royal family was also a plausible political maneuver so that the new Trystovy Kingdom could hold a good relationship with them.<br/>
However currently Trystovy Dukedom was backed by the strongest country in the continent Answerer Kingdom. As someone who had beastman blood in him, the chance of Baldr winning this battle couldn’t be said as high even as a flattery.<br/>
In addition Mauricia Kingdom couldn’t openly support a mixed blood like Baldr due to their pretention of being descended from the noble bloodline of the unification dynasty.<br/>
It might be possible for Mauricia Kingdom to support Baldr after arranging the appropriate political environment to some degree, but at present it was impossible.<br/>
「Is it alright for me to love you Baldr-sama?」<br/>
「Of course──until death do us part.」<br/>
Rachel’s face reddened as though she was boiled up at Baldr’s words that could be taken as a proposal. Then she closed her eyes tightly after hesitating for a while.<br/>
There was no way Baldr didn’t understand the meaning of that gesture.<br/>
His right hand lifted up Rachel’s slender chin and Baldr’s face slowly approached closer to Rachel’s lips──.<br/>
.<br/>
「U~~fu~~fu~~. Let me welcome you here, Rachel-sama~~」<br/>
.<br/>
Silk was staring fixedly at Baldr with hollow eyes and blazing aura that was like magma that burst out from the bottom of earth around her body.<br/>
It was like all emotions had been scraped off to the utmost limits from Silk’s eyes. Goosebumps welled up all over Baldr’s skin as his body stiffened.<br/>
Beside Silk was Selina who seemed to be the one guiding Silk here. She was puffed up with pride while breathing roughly in excitement.<br/>
Baldr asked Selina with a small voice so that Rachel and Silk couldn’t hear.<br/>
「Why did you bring Silk here!?」<br/>
「I never thought that ya would flirt with other woman at this kind of place! Baldr ya lecher!」<br/>
.<br/>
「──Even I was beside myself in admiration by Rachel-sama’s determination at this occasion. I have been waiting impatiently for your safe arrival here. (This hateful woman really doesn’t know when to give up. But it seems she can be useful for Baldr, so I’ll endure it for now.)」<br/>
「My my, the likes of me can’t possibly compare with Silk-sama’s determination. You even managed to persuade that stubborn father of yours. That’s something that I can’t possibly ever imitate. (I’m amazed that you can make someone like Alford-sama to yield. Even I, if only I could persuade father then around this time I’d be already……!)」<br/>
「Rachel-sama really is a happy person to be blessed by such good brothers and sisters. You must be tired after the long travel here. Allow me to prepare some tea before you go to take a warm bath. (I’ll give some face for her highness Beatrice and his highness William here. Let’s have a TALK between fellow woman later to decide the hierarchy of wives)」<br/>
「Thank you for your consideration. I wonder how many days it has been since I last enjoy a cup of tea leisurely. (A TALK is just what I wish for. Now that both of us are going to become Baldr’s wife, it will be essential to let each other know their position isn’t it?)」<br/>
「Fufufufufufufufufu」<br/>
「Ohohohohohoho」<br/>
.<br/>
「──I wonder why? It feels like there is a different conversation that is mixed between their words.」<br/>
「Lord Antrim, you will be happier not knowing. Rather this isn’t something that a man should comprehend. I can guarantee that.」<br/>
The words of Augusto as baldr’s senior who had struggled through numerous bloodbaths were very persuasive.<br/>
The two men exchanged eye contact as fellow comrade who shared similar suffering with each other.<br/>
Even so, they still disliked each other like before.<br/>
「I’ll beat ya two to death.」<br/>
「For some reason I’m driven with the sense of mission as a woman that these two are unforgivable nya.」<br/>
Selina and Satsuki pinned down Baldr’s arms from both sides and led him away.<br/>
「THIS IS UNREASONABLEEEEEE-」<br/>
「You should remember this Lord Antrim. Woman is a whimsical and unreasonable creature at all cases.」<br/>
Augusto said that before Selina roughly grabbed his shoulder.<br/>
「What are ya sayin’ while looking triumphant like that-! Ya are also comin’!」<br/>
「──Eh?」<br/>
A little while after that, the hoarse voices of the two men who were dragged away with face of resignation echoed far and wide.<br/>
.<br/>
Part 10<br/>
「What did you do this time?」<br/>
「I didn’t do anything-!」<br/>
Ramillies looked in exasperation at Baldr who was covered with scratches all over his body and shrugged.<br/>
「I heard that her highness Rachel is here?」<br/>
「Because of that Silk got into a bad mood for some reason. I wonder why.」<br/>
「Well, it’ll be prudent for you to not know.」<br/>
「Augusto also told me something like that.」<br/>
It was unknown how things would develop if Baldr stayed as the heir of Cornelius House, but now that he was trying to become the new king of Trystovy, there would be a lot of women around him in the future too.<br/>
Ramillies wished that Baldr would stay as he is right now rather than getting strangely smarter in noticing the intricacy and calculation of woman’s heart.<br/>
「Let’s set that aside. How many soldiers there are that we can mobilize right away?」<br/>
「──If it’s just the elites than 400. If the soldiers who barely passed the qualification are included then there will be 1500.」<br/>
「Then arrange it so that the 400 elites can sortie tomorrow.」<br/>
Ramillies lifted up his face in surprise at Baldr’s words that left no leeway.<br/>
He didn’t think that the situation if Trystovy had become that pressing.<br/>
But as he knew just how strong his best friend Olten was, Ramillies immediately accepted his lord’s command.<br/>
「I will prepare 400 soldiers that has been organized completely by tomorrow. Can I be permitted to come along too?」<br/>
Ramillies would feel uneasy to entrust the training of the remaining soldiers and the responsibility of taking care of the rest of preparation to someone else, but he had no intention of just watching Baldr departing with only a few soldiers without doing anything.<br/>
Because Ramillies was pushing his old body to return to the active service once more only so that he wouldn’t lose the life of his lord for the second time.<br/>
「The normal practice of warfare is to gather more soldiers than the enemy, but we might not make it in time for this time. No, we surely won’t make it in time. We’re going to overwhelm quantity with quality. I’ll leave the command to you.」<br/>
Baldr’s sixth sense was detecting the danger that was approaching Mulberry.<br/>
There was no basis to it.<br/>
Would Trystovy Dukedom attack again without any trick and only relied on greater number even though they had been repulsed many times before this?<br/>
Although Baldr was able to make that conjecture, he didn’t have any idea at all what kind of trick it could possibly be.<br/>
But something preposterous would occur──Baldr was convinced of that.<br/>
He didn’t know whether god actually existed or not, but occasionally at the turning point, the stage would be set up as though it was done intentionally.<br/>
In the end, was it a coincidence that Gina and Satsuki were both present at Antrim in this time?<br/>
The possibility of that happening wasn’t even one in a hundred million. Baldr wasn’t mediocre that he would think of this as a mere coincidence.<br/>
Human who didn’t take the hand that god offered would be abandoned by god and visited by tragic doom after turning fate into their enemy. It was none other than Sanai who knew that very well.<br/>
What waited for warrior who didn’t kill when it was time to kill and didn’t fight when it was time to fight was only a miserable death.<br/>
「──Seeing those eyes reminded me of something after so long.」<br/>
Ramillies was crying when Baldr realized.<br/>
His eyes that were surrounded by deep wrinkles were trickling tears that fell down along the old general’s cheeks while his lips were trembling.<br/>
「W-wha, what’s the matter Ramillies?」<br/>
Baldr was greatly flustered seeing Ramillies crying for the first time.<br/>
He was completely puzzled of why Ramillies was crying or whether he had done something bad to cause this.<br/>
「Baldr-sama’s great grandfather Count Viktor Pazarov also had that kind of eyes when he departed for a campaign to Nedras Kingdom. Blood really cannot be opposed.」<br/>
That battle against Nedras Kingdom was going swimmingly for Trystovy Kingdom, even so due to Answerer Kingdom’s interference and the obstruction of Nedras’s nobles, they were forced to retreat, but that time was truly the last time when Viktor was shining the brightest in the battlefield.<br/>
After that Viktor was kept away from military affair and he also said farewell to Gina before he finally ended up losing his life to a scheme.<br/>
Perhaps there was also a moment when god offered his hand to Viktor just like Baldr right now.<br/>
「──Let’s do this.」<br/>
Baldr strongly nodded at Ramillies’s question.<br/>
Right now was the time to fight. There wouldn’t be any other chance if he let this go.<br/>
「I’ll teach them what it means to oppose me. I’ll engrave into them the scene of nightmare where the advantage of number can’t become advantage in battle.」<br/>
For the dukedom military that was superior in number, being routed by a small force that originally shouldn’t worth their attention would be nothing but nightmare.<br/>
With that Baldr should be able to greatly promote his existence to the maritime guild and Trystovy’s populace.<br/>
It was the ironclad rule of war to extract as much price as possible when committing your force.<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
 