<br/>
<br/>
SS: Tama's Stroll<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
"Ninja is~ Gake~"<br/>
<br/>
I run on the back alley and on top of the wall, wearing the ninja costume that master's made for me.<br/>
Tama won't be find out by anyone. Because she's a ninja.<br/>
<br/>
I peer into the irrigation canal from the bridge.<br/>
<br/>
I can see small prawns in the bottom of the pure water. Look delicious. My hands involuntarily reach to the water surface--<br/>
<br/>
Ha!?<br/>
<br/>
That was close.<br/>
There's a lot of dangerous things in the irrigation channel nyan. Wrong. A lot of dangers degozaru. Or was it gozansu~?<br/>
Either way's fine nyan. I look at my appearance on the canal's water surface, pink really is better than black after all. Ninjas' attire has to be black!　So Arisa said, but still, I asked master to make it pink after all.<br/>
<br/>
I mean, that one's cuter.<br/>
<br/>
"From gake to gakeee~"<br/>
<br/>
Gake?　Or was it kage?　I guess either's fine~<br/>
<TLN: Gake=cliff, kage=shadow.><br/>
Pyon, pyon, pyon, running through the rooftops.<br/>
<br/>
『No, stop it!』<br/>
『Shut up you wench?!』<br/>
<br/>
I look at the back alley since I heard a scream.<br/>
Mumumwu. A man is assaulting a woman, tearing her clothes! The woman seems sad since her clothes've been torn, she's beating the man while crying. Ah, her hands are caught, and then she's thrown on the ground.<br/>
<br/>
I must help.<br/>
<br/>
"Tenshil!　Chisil! Miracurun! Tama the mysterious ninja appears!"<br/>
<br/>
Ah, I said my name.<br/>
Well, it's fine.<br/>
<br/>
Toward the man who's saying something from the ground, I headlock throw his head, "Eiya!" and make him faint. It's a technique Shiya's taught me, it has to be done well or the opponent'll die. If it's samurai, she'll be full-fledged after mastering taijutsu was it?<br/>
<br/>
His eyes are white it's gross, but since he's twitching, he's alive right?<br/>
<br/>
"Umm, thank you?"<br/>
"You're welcome~? Nin nin degozaru~"<br/>
<br/>
Yes, Arisa's taught me that 'Nin nin' and 'gozaru' are important for ninjas.<br/>
In addition, ninjas have to leave immediately after saving someone or it's not good. It  the destiny of one who lives in darkness.<br/>
<br/>
"Sabara, degozaru~?"<br/>
<TLN: Should've been 'saraba', meaning farewell><br/>
<br/>
I throw a smoke ball down my feet, slipping into the smoke to ju~mp onto the roof. Come to think of it, Arisa's said that ninjas use katana to jump, but I wonder how do they do that? They can just jump normally if it's to a roof.<br/>
<br/>
Ah, this time an old man is being bullied over there. I must go save him.<br/>
Wait for me old man, I'll save you immediately.<br/>
<br/>
When I come back to the mansion, Tama will have master listen to her activities from his lap~<br/>
--Degozaru.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter <br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
