<br/>
This is not from Satou's POV (Arisa's POV)<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
SS: The Trick to Enjoy Food Carts<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
There are really too many things recommended by Liza.<br/>
Along the way, I took along the little girl maid who were on an errand and went on to capture sweets.<br/>
<br/>
"It's not really that good isn't it."<br/>
"Really? Any one of them is delicious, I'm so happy."<br/>
<br/>
The labyrinth bee honey pastry was slightly good, but ever since I ate the sweets made by that cheat Master, it felt lacking nowadays. This is a dangerous sign.<br/>
<br/>
"Arisa-chan, that."<br/>
<br/>
The little girl maid who walked beside me pulled my sleeve, and when I looked there, Pochi and Tama were together with other children flapping their mouth while looking at the meat skewer stalls near them.<br/>
<br/>
What are they doing?<br/>
<br/>
"Pochi, Tama, what are you two doing?"<br/>
"Arisa~"<br/>
"Arisa! It's a discovery nanodesu!　If you sniff on the delicious smell from the stall, flap your mouth while matching a person eating meat skewer, it feels like you're eating one nodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Pochi stresses, exhausting her strength.<br/>
<br/>
"Is it fun?"<br/>
"Of course~"<br/>
"It's very fun nodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
I see~, it's fun huh~ but, let's speak without reading the mood.<br/>
<br/>
"Hey."<br/>
"What~?"<br/>
"What is it nodesu?"<br/>
"You can just buy the meat skewers normally can't you?"<br/>
<br/>
You guys got pocket money from Master too right?<br/>
<br/>
"Ah" "Nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
The two look at the money Pochi's taken out, and then tremble.<br/>
<br/>
"Buying and eating~?"<br/>
"Biting at every cast nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
No I don't understand what that means.<br/>
<br/>
"How many~?"<br/>
"You got one gold coin right?　You can buy 100 pieces of meat skewers with it."<br/>
"A hu, hundred nanodesu?! Can you eat that many nodesu?"<br/>
"You won't be able to eat Lulu's dinner if you eat too many, be careful okay."<br/>
"Aye~"<br/>
"Nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Pochi and Tama cutely make the 'Shuta!' pose, get close to the meat skewer stall, and buy a large amount of frog meat skewers from the surprised stall old man. Looks like the warning earlier fell on deaf ears.<br/>
No no, those many skewers are impossible even for you guys right?<br/>
<br/>
"Line up~"<br/>
"One skewer for each nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Ah, they're distributing the skewers to the children who were watching the stalls together with them huh.<br/>
<br/>
The children who got the meat skewers unanimously say their thanks to Pochi and Tama. Looks like the two are embarrassed with it, they are unusually being bashful.<br/>
<br/>
Surrounded by around 10 children, the two are eating the skewers with great relish.<br/>
The little girl maid has intruded among them too of course.<br/>
That girl sure is shrewd.<br/>
<br/>
"Delislish~"<br/>
"Grills are really the strongest after all nanodesu!"<br/>
"It's really good."<br/>
"Un, it's not hard like black meat."<br/>
<br/>
Ah, the oil from the skewers are falling to Pochi's and Tama's chest, stickying them.<br/>
<br/>
I know now the reason why Lulu made them wear cheap common dress.<br/>
That girl is steadily becoming a wife~<br/>
<br/>
"I'll give them to Arisa too nodesu."<br/>
"No, I'll reserve myself."<br/>
"Eat the reserve~?"<br/>
<br/>
It's not that I'm reserving. My waist has been painful since awhile ago.<br/>
<br/>
"I've been eating sweets just now, so I can't eat anymore."<br/>
"Diet~?"<br/>
<br/>
Ahh, like a revolving lantern, it's flashing on my mind, that days of suffering!<br/>
I absolutely can't do that again. I can't!<br/>
<br/>
"You really don't want it nodesu?"<br/>
"It's delicious~ see?"<br/>
<br/>
Don't tempt me~<br/>
I pulled the little girl maid's hand, and escaped that place at full speed.<br/>
<br/>
Because, I don't want, to diet again!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
