<br/>
This is not from Satou's POV (Pochi's POV)<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
SS: Hamburg Steak Fraud<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
"I'm home~?" "Nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Before entering the mansion, I washed my hands and feet with the water jug beside the entrance nodesu. Because Lulu would scold me if I didn't properly wash nodesu.<br/>
<br/>
There's the delicious aroma of hamburg sensei in the mansion!<br/>
Huh? It's strange nodesuyo.<br/>
<br/>
"It smells different nodesu."<br/>
"Stew~?"<br/>
"It's unusual for Lulu to change the menu by her mood isn't it."<br/>
"Nn."<br/>
<br/>
When we go into the mansion, the head maid Miteruna meets us nodesu.<br/>
Lulu usually greets everyone with only her voice, "Welcome home everyone" from the kitchen, but she's quiet today nanodesu.<br/>
<br/>
"Welcome home."<br/>
"I intend to report our return to Master."<br/>
"That is, Chevalier-sama hasn't returned from the dinner with Viscount-sama."<br/>
<br/>
Master isn't here, it's lonely nodesu.<br/>
That Viscount person... nanodesu.<br/>
<br/>
"The meal has been prepared, please come to the dining room. Aina and Kitona, take everyone's tools to their room."<br/>
""Yes.""<br/>
<br/>
Chasing after Miteruna, I entered the dinner room, and not even one dream was there nodesu.<br/>
<br/>
"Huhuh~?"<br/>
"Hamburg-sensei is not here nodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
I climb the chair and look around, it's really not here nodesu.<br/>
I got scolded by Liza, "That's bad manner." but I think that there's more important thing to note nodesuyo!<br/>
<br/>
"Ah, Lulu-san isn't present, so the hamburg steak has been changed to black meat stew. I couldn't use the kitchen as I please since the chef was absent."<br/>
<br/>
Such cruel words from Miteruna went through my ears nodesu.<br/>
<br/>
"Pochii."<br/>
"Tamaa."<br/>
<br/>
While sharing the despair with Tama, I grimaced a little at the black meat stew I ate nodesu.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
