<br/>
This is not from Satou's POV (Arisa's POV)<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
SS: Liza's Buying and Eating<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
"Oh, found Liza-san!"<br/>
<br/>
When I came to the snack area before the west gate, I noticed her.<br/>
<br/>
I was going to call her, but I shouldn't do it when she's in the middle of choosing the snacks to buy and eat. When I did it before, she shifted her line of sight like it was going to devour me. That was at the degree that can only be seen in a dream.<br/>
Under the pressure of that gaze, those old men at the stalls can serve their customers with a smile while washing the greases, they truly have the spirit of merchants. I'd have rated them [First Class] if their smiles weren't cramped though.<br/>
<br/>
"Oy, isn't that the Black Spear Liza?"<br/>
"Oh, what kind of meat is she picking now?"<br/>
"Looks like she's hesitating between the lizard meat skewer and the rabbit meat bone skewer."<br/>
"Either is one big copper coin much huh~ As expected of a powerful Red Iron Plate explorer."<br/>
<br/>
I heard the conversations of the explorers nearby. Liza is quite famous isn't she.<br/>
She's choosing between the steel lizard meat skewer and the rock rabbit meat bone huh. Either sounds tough.<br/>
However, that guy had given everyone one gold coin each early in the morning, so she could just have picked both.<br/>
Choosing between things is fun though so it's alright~<br/>
<br/>
"Oh, she's chosen."<br/>
"Which is it?"<br/>
"It's the lizard meat skewer."<br/>
"Oy, oy, is she a cannibal."<br/>
<br/>
Mu? When I turn around to see the one who said the last line, the neighboring Liza's fans are already beating him.<br/>
<br/>
Arara, no turn for me huh.<br/>
I couldn't use magic in the middle of the city, so my skill-level-0 wand art was going to howl. Maybe I should get self-defense skill like Lulu after all I wonder? I wonder~?　<br/>
<br/>
"It's splendid. The steel lizard's meat at first tastes like it's plain, but every time you chew on it, the savoriness oozes from inside--"<br/>
<br/>
Uwah, oh Liza, she's begun to have a narration while biting the skewer.<br/>
But, is that really a meat? I can hear some strange sounds you know?<br/>
<br/>
"Oy, Liza-san's 『It's splendid』 appeared. Looks like that skewer is a hit."<br/>
"Hah!　You amateur. Listen the words after 『It's splendid』 well."<br/>
<br/>
'Amateur' eh, you guys....<br/>
<br/>
"Right right, you shouldn't buy it if she praised the chewy texture. Our feeble teeth not gonna stand against it."<br/>
"Don't lump me with you humans, there is no meat that we beastkin can't eat!　Old man, give me the same meat as this guy's!"<br/>
<br/>
The beastkin man who ignored the peanut gallery's advice and ate the same meat as Liza's crouches while moaning, "My teeth."<br/>
My condolences~<br/>
Even so, stocking a meat like that, what a challenger.<br/>
Since half of the meat skewers she holds have different color, I wonder if they're from different variety?<br/>
<br/>
Liza is chewing the second type of meat she's picked. This time she's saying, "The chewiness is not quite there."<br/>
I see, so she wasn't picking which to eat, but which to eat first. I consent.<br/>
<br/>
"Yosh, I'm going to get the rock rabbit one."<br/>
"Next time, when I earn a lot of money in the labyrinth, I want to eat the rock rabbit meat...."<br/>
<br/>
I pray that the last guy didn't raise his death flag....<br/>
In the end, I was only able to call Liza-san after her fifth meat, the frog meat skewer.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
