<br/>
<br/>
【SS】 Hot Sand Extra Hard Training (2) Flying Boots Arc<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
--It was fun.<br/>
After playing so much until I can't move anymore, I'm resting on the water bed that Mia's made.<br/>
Pochi is also sleeping beside me.<br/>
<br/>
Arisa who's together with Master and Lulu came teleporting in.<br/>
<br/>
"Everyone, is there any place where it's hurt?"<br/>
<br/>
Master asks full of worry, but it's alright.<br/>
There is no pain anywhere, I'm only sleeping from fatigue. Everyone replies the same.<br/>
<br/>
"Looks like firing the catapult with the acceleration gate and the deployment of [Shell] to act as the gliding board are going well."<br/>
"However, isn't it dangerous if they break their balance like Pochi if it's not in the desert?"<br/>
"Pochi isn't hurt nodesuyo?"<br/>
"Un, normally people will hurt badly with that velocity even if it's in the desert with the sand acting as cushions. However, the some of the [Shell], besides the part that acts as gliding wings, protects the passenger with thin membrane, so some amount of impact is not a problem."<br/>
<br/>
Master's explanation is difficult nyan.<br/>
I'd like for something a bit simpler.<br/>
<br/>
I drink the [Sport Drink] that Lulu gave me and recover my spirit~?<br/>
After drinking and giving the cup back to Lulu, Tama plays signal with Pochi who also doesn't understand.<br/>
<br/>
"Then, let's try the Flying Boots this time."<br/>
"It's the magic circuit that was used for the False Claiomh Solais back then huh. Have you finally succeeded making people fly with it?"<br/>
"It's a different circuit than that one. The fuel consumption is very bad though. This magic circuit is something that imitates the Sky Drive I use."<br/>
<br/>
I wear the pink boots that Master gave me.<br/>
The small wings beside the heel are cute.<br/>
<br/>
"When you put magic power into the boots, a force field that will support your body will appear for an instant."<br/>
"Aye~"<br/>
"Do your best nodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Nyunyu, it's difficult.<br/>
My feet are sticking like kyuu, and fumu. It's like when you fall into a pit hole.<br/>
<br/>
However, it's fine.<br/>
Because, Tama is a ninja.<br/>
<br/>
"Oh, as expected of Tama."<br/>
"Uwah, you're walking in the sky. You're good~"<br/>
<br/>
Master and Arisa praise Tama.<br/>
More, praise Tama more please. Tama grows up with praise.<br/>
<br/>
"Mumwu."<br/>
"Ah, I fell! Nanodesu."<br/>
"It's difficult isn't it."<br/>
<br/>
On the side, Mia and Pochi didn't do well, their faces crashed to the sand.<br/>
Liza seems like she hasn't risen from the ground in the first place.<br/>
<br/>
"Keep at it~"<br/>
<br/>
I cheer everyone while walking in the sky. With [Appare] and [Hinomaru] folding fans I've got from Master on both hands, I dance the [Raisi-ng Up] dance. <br/>
Arisa taught me to do this for when I'm cheering.<br/>
<br/>
Aryarya, my eyes are spinning~?<br/>
<br/>
"Are you okay, Tama."<br/>
"The sky is spinning~?"<br/>
"You ran out of magic power huh. The circuit really still need improvement after all."<br/>
<br/>
Master supplied me with magic power while I was being princess carried.<br/>
Since it's become like this already, I'll cheer everyone while we're like this.<br/>
<br/>
Master's arms felt warm, it was full of happiness, I went to sleep.<br/>
I, I have to cheer...<br/>
<br/>
--Impossible nyan.<br/>
The drowsy person is too strong.<br/>
<br/>
....Good nigh~t. ZZzz.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
