<br/>
This is not from Satou's POV (Arisa's POV)<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
SS: Very Popular<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Hm?　This melody is Mia huh?<br/>
Just now, I've eaten yakitori with Liza, this time it might be nice to eat some sweets with Mia.<br/>
That girl is liked by old people, so she often gets simple sweets from the locals.<br/>
<br/>
Um~m, she's on this open space I think. I think?!!<br/>
Hwhat!<br/>
<br/>
"Arisa?"<br/>
<br/>
Mia inclines her head while looking at the surprised me. Damn, aren't you cute.<br/>
The good looking men who were listening to Mia's lute play beside her glanced at me once, but they immediately lost their interest and looked back at Mia.<br/>
<br/>
Kuh, what's! With that attitude!?<br/>
Tsk, Mia, even though she usually behaves like a spoiled child, saying [Satou] or the like, she's this popular behind our back!<br/>
<br/>
A kind-looking black-haired shadowkin young man, a bad-boy-type red-haired leprechaun boy, a stiff blond-haired longears-kin, and an ash-colored short-haired ogre-kin man with a bit of muscles surround Mia like they're protecting her. They are all so good looking no one will object if they refer themselves as one. What is this, otome game?<br/>
<br/>
"Mia, aren't you quite popular. Affair?"<br/>
"Mwu, no."<br/>
<br/>
Even though it was a joke, she denied it seriously. Maybe there was some envy in my words.<br/>
<br/>
"We have hurriedly come here in order to protect Mia-sama's day off."<br/>
"I'm here to hear Mia's lute though."<br/>
"Use 'sama'!　The elves-sama of Boruenan forest are the masters we should serve!"<br/>
"Fufufu, Mia-sama always looks so young and lustrous like a green grass."<br/>
<br/>
Black, Red, Gray, and Gold, The handsome men pamper Mia in turns. Riajuu explodes!<br/>
I mean, I want to be popular too! Mainly with our Master!<br/>
<br/>
"Arisa, want?"<br/>
<br/>
Mia raises apple-like red fruit from her lap and offers it to me. Looks like the fruit is gouged to act as a container. The inside has the fleshes of the fruit cut and soaked with something that looks like syrup.<br/>
<br/>
"Un, give me a bite."<br/>
<br/>
I open my mouth, a~n, and have Mia spoon me a bite. I don't usually do something this les-like, but I did it in order to show it to the handsome men around us.<br/>
Oh, they're really glaring at me. Surely, they must be envious.<br/>
<br/>
Chomp, I gulp the the content of the spoon Mia is presenting. The taste is also similar to an apple. I thought that the syrup was maple, but this is honey I think?　No, this viscous feeling is the ant nectar. U~n, I think honey is better for this one.<br/>
<br/>
"How many point?"<br/>
"60 points I think. It'd have been 70 points if it used honey."<br/>
<br/>
The blond handsome man is shocked to receive my strict evaluation. That guy made it huh. Like our Master, being good at cooking like this despite being a man, are you a character of some otome game. <br/>
<br/>
A man should just be good enough to microwave curry powder or ready-made porridge to make them explode. If they don't do that much, I can't participate in the delicious situation of nursing them.<br/>
<TLN: Probably a reference to something. Not sure what, from an otome game maybe?><br/>
<br/>
I didn't have such an opportunity even once though.... orz.<br/>
<br/>
I was going to invite Mia to a sweets tour, but since the retired people in the neighborhood had gathered to listen to Mia's music, I left that place while saying, "Later." I shouldn't take away the pleasure of old people in their remaining years right.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I caught sight of Pochi and Tama having a feast on a stall with some dogkin boys, but it must have been an illusion.<br/>
It must've been a shock after seeing Mia getting surrounded by handsome men.<br/>
<br/>
Un, seeing Nana carrying a white featherkin and a black featherkin infants on both her hands must also be a mistake.<br/>
Please let it be not a kidnapping!<br/>
<br/>
I came across a group of children in a vacant lot. They're children of our orphanage. They're doing a volunteer work by weeding the vacant lot I guess?<br/>
<br/>
"Ah~! It's Arisa! Let's play hide-and-seek, hide-and-seek!"<br/>
"You can't, Arisa-chan is going to play house with us! Arisa-chan's demon lord is amazing you know!"<br/>
<br/>
Ah, why are the one who come after me are all kids~<br/>
Looks like I'm going to play as a demon lord again. Let me become the princess once in a while too!<br/>
<br/>
Damn it, I'll play so hard to bury my worries today! <br/>
<br/>
"I'll play in turn!　You guys! Be prepared!"<br/>
"Ou!"<br/>
"Ya~y!"<br/>
<br/>
I played hard until the sunset and went home.<br/>
<br/>
Maybe because I played fully, and ate fully during the day, that even though it was the long awaited day of me sleeping together with that guy, I went asleep before I could enjoy his sleeping face.<br/>
<br/>
Ah, I want to flirt!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
