<br/>
<br/>
【SS】 Hot Sand Extra Hard Training<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
"Arisa~, How many me~ter~?"<br/>
『Wait a minute, it's 1109 meters eh.』<br/>
"Wa~i, new record~?"<br/>
『That's right, congrats.』<br/>
<br/>
Arisa is talking from beyond the sand dune.<br/>
Magic is amazing.<br/>
<br/>
『As expected of Tama nanodesu. Pochi also won't lose nodesuyo!』<br/>
<br/>
I see Pochi greatly waving her hands beyond the sand dune.<br/>
With a small [Pohyun] sound, Pochi jumps.<br/>
<br/>
--ah, she broke her balance.<br/>
<br/>
She begun to spin, guruguru bosun, and then she got buried into the sand dune.<br/>
<br/>
After Pochi, Liza and Nana also jump.<br/>
Both jump shorter than Pochi's.<br/>
<br/>
Because, they're big.<br/>
<br/>
Pochi who's buried in the sand dune isn't coming out.<br/>
I rushed to her anxiously, but before I could dug her out, Pochi pushed her way out, wasa wasa, and came out.<br/>
<br/>
"Peh peh, I failed nodesu."<br/>
<br/>
Pochi shakes her body to remove the sand.<br/>
Of course I had ran away before she did that.<br/>
<br/>
"Mwu."<br/>
"I'm sorry, nanodesu."<br/>
<br/>
Mia who's been completely covered with sand is pouting.<br/>
Pochi apologizes to Mia while brushing the sands off her.<br/>
<br/>
『Pochi, you're 1050 meters. Unfortunately.』<br/>
"Regrettable nanodesu."<br/>
"Pochi, don't mind~"<br/>
"I won't lose next time nodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Pochi is challenging for a rematch while taking the shupin pose.<br/>
Of course, I'll take up her challenge anytime.<br/>
<br/>
Because, Tama is the onee-chan.<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
I'm having a dashing competition with Pochi to race back to Master.<br/>
Mia who's buried in the sand behind us is really angry.<br/>
<br/>
Pochi goes first this time.<br/>
She leaps toward the third [Acceleration Gate] ring with the Flickering Movement.<br/>
<br/>
"Uwah~, nanodesu~"<br/>
<br/>
Pochi jumps and spins like before.<br/>
She looks like she's having fun.<br/>
<br/>
Perhaps, doing the jumping spin is fun?<br/>
<br/>
I looked up when I felt a gaze, there was the gentle smile of Master.<br/>
I reflexively laugh, nipa~<br/>
<br/>
"You can imitate Pochi if you want, but be careful not to talk during the spinning since you could bite your tongue okay."<br/>
"Aye aye sir~"<br/>
<br/>
Master sees through everything nyan.<br/>
Tama replies Master with Shupin pose, and then goes toward the Acceleration Gate.<br/>
<br/>
Yo~i, don!<br/>
<br/>
I try to break my balance in the air like Pochi.<br/>
<br/>
Spin, spin, my eyes are spinning.<br/>
The sky goes below, the ground goes above, it's dizzyingly fun.<br/>
<br/>
Even though Master's warned me, laughter escape my mouth spontaneously.<br/>
<br/>
Ah, the ground is already--<br/>
<br/>
I plunged into the sand dune like, 'Bosun'.<br/>
But it can't stop the jumping force, I break through the sand dune, pop out to the other side just like that, and then roll and roll on the ground.<br/>
<br/>
--Fun.<br/>
I shake the sand off, exchange a look at Pochi who's run to me worryingly, and then laugh out loud.<br/>
<br/>
Now, once more!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
