<br/>
<br/>
SS: Mia's Music Hall<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
"Mia-sama, your performance is wonderful today too."<br/>
"It really is, I can never get tired listening to Mia's music."<br/>
"Haven't I told you so many times to use 'sama'!"<br/>
"You two, don't make a fuss in front of Mia-sama."<br/>
<br/>
After the performance is over, the fairykin children and long-earkin children are clamoring.<br/>
Even though I want to bask in the lingering memory of the performance, I can't,<br/>
What troubling children. I'm troubled--I really am you know?<br/>
<br/>
I wish they would be like the grandpas and grandmas who have come to listen to the performance, smiling, laughing and clapping lightly.<br/>
<br/>
Even the noisy pixies in Boruenan Forest became quiet like they had dozed off after my performance was over. They didn't sleep you know?<br/>
I mean, when I asked them, "How was the performance?", they replied "Today was the best!", or, "The melody was so enjoyable like I was in the country of dream".... They weren't sleeping right?<br/>
<br/>
"Mia-chan, you must be thirsty right. Eat this melon that's been cooled in the well water."<br/>
"Nn, thank you."<br/>
<br/>
I bite the melon that grandma's given me.<br/>
Sweet. Fresh sweet taste spreads in my mouth.<br/>
While leaving slight aftertaste, my throat is wet after only chewing several more.<br/>
The watermelons of Boruenan forest are delicious, but Selbira's labyrinth melons don't lost to it.<br/>
<br/>
"Mia-chan, please teach me the leaf flute."<br/>
"Teacch."<br/>
<br/>
The little children came asking with leaf flutes made of Fesheka grasses on their hands.<br/>
Humans don't care about grasses name. To them, all grasses, either it's Fesheka or Chemirana, are called weed.<br/>
It's kind of sad. A little bit, you know?<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
"Listen to my songgg!"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa cried so while strumming a strange lute.<br/>
I think it's just a noise, but this is a secret okay?<br/>
<br/>
"What?"<br/>
"This is called a guitar. I've asked Master to make it."<br/>
"Mwuu."<br/>
<br/>
I think it's unfair that it's always only Arisa.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou."<br/>
"Does Mia want me to make something too?"<br/>
"Nn."<br/>
<br/>
Satou will immediately make it if I ask him.<br/>
I mean, we're engaged. He's head over heels for me. Absolutely you know?<br/>
<br/>
"What kind of instrument do you want?"<br/>
"Pipe organ."<br/>
"Pipe organ? That's a bit too big, maybe a piano or an electronic keyboard would be better?"<br/>
<br/>
I wonder if a [Pipe Organ] is impossible even for Satou?<br/>
It's Satou that can create legendary equipments and strange magic items, he should be able to make a [Pipe Organ].<br/>
<br/>
"You can't?"<br/>
<br/>
I implore Satou with the [Uruuru] attack that Arisa's taught me.<br/>
Aze told me that the hero Daisaku said, "Pipe organ is the best musical instrument."<br/>
When I told that to Satou, he said, "Alright, leave it to me!"<br/>
<br/>
--I'm happy, but I've a mixed feeling about it.<br/>
Affair is no good you know? Absolutely!<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
"Now, Mia. Please play it."<br/>
"Amazing..."<br/>
<br/>
A [Pipe Organ] has been put in a certain underground test site of the Ivy Mansion.<br/>
Many golden pipes are lined up, shining more brightly than the sunlight filtering through trees in a summer day.<br/>
<br/>
The deep of the sound is different compared to the piano that Satou's made as a practice.<br/>
I've become absorbed with the [Pipe Organ], playing a song.<br/>
<br/>
--Sounds fall from the sky.<br/>
<br/>
I play the melody of [Gallg], [Wagnaa], and [Motsart] I've heard from Satou, and the symphony of Boruenan arranged for Piano.<br/>
<TLN: Wagner, Mozart, and, um, not sure.><br/>
<br/>
...Everyone looks strange.<br/>
<br/>
They're crying even though music is a happy thing.<br/>
<br/>
"Mia."<br/>
<br/>
Satou wipes my cheek with a handkerchief.<br/>
Did I cry too? Truly?<br/>
<br/>
"It was really beautiful."<br/>
"Nn."<br/>
<br/>
I'll invite grandpas and grandmas to the Ivy Mansion and play for them next time.<br/>
I won't leave the fairykin children and the long-earkin children out in the cold too of course. Maybe?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
