<br/>
<br/>
SS: The Person Aze's Waiting for<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
"Uu, even though he asked if I wanted to go together with him...."<br/>
<br/>
Aze-sama grumbles with tearful voice while lightly hitting a big chick-shaped cushion.<br/>
<br/>
"Are you still shocked about the matter yesterday?"<br/>
"I mean!"<br/>
"That was Mia's scheme at work wasn't it. <br/>
Satou-san didn't seem to be aware of our 『Kiss of Vow』 custom you know."<br/>
"I-cannot-hear-you--"<br/>
<br/>
Aze-sama blocks her ears like a child would.<br/>
She's happy that Satou wasn't aware of the custom, yet on the other hand, it also means that the kiss Satou-san gave her on the forehead when they first met wasn't intended to be the 『Kiss of Vow』.<br/>
<br/>
That said, there is no way I can tell her, "You should've gone together with Satou-san then."<br/>
Because she's the last High Elf that remains in Boruenan Forest.<br/>
Aze-sama is the emotional support of the elves that live in the village, she is yearned by the elves, and an object of faith of other fairykins and demi-humans, revered like a living god.<br/>
<br/>
"Uu...stupid Satou...."<br/>
<br/>
There's no doubt their faith would vanish if they saw her figure now.<br/>
<br/>
Or maybe, should we send an assassin aiming for Satou-san?<br/>
There's probably no one that can win against someone who defeated the Evil Jelly colony that contaminated the World Tree with a single strike though.<br/>
<br/>
Since Aze-sama who's become tired from grumbling is finally asleep while holding the cushion, I quietly resume cleaning the tree house.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Aze, cheer up?"<br/>
"That's right Aze! Won't you give me honey cakes?"<br/>
<br/>
The pixies are trying to console Aze-sama who's looking melancholic on the balcony of the tree house.<br/>
However, Aze-sama only reacts lightly.<br/>
<br/>
Only two days have passed since Satou-san left, so this can't be helped....<br/>
<br/>
An unexpected visitor came right at that time.<br/>
<br/>
"Lua-san, it's been awhile. These are some souvenirs for you."<br/>
"Eh? Satou-san?"<br/>
<br/>
Satou-san who's returned with teleport magic hands me the magic bag which was given to him as a parting gift.<br/>
When I look inside, there's a big lump of meat. It's probably from some beast. Nea probably knows how to turn this into a delicious dish.<br/>
<br/>
Even without me saying anything, Satou-san briskly walks to the balcony where Aze-sama is sulking.<br/>
<br/>
"I'm back Aze."<br/>
"Sa-Satou! W-why?"<br/>
"I wanted to see Aze's face so I've come back."<br/>
<br/>
Ugeh, I'm going to vomit sugar.<br/>
Satou-san smoothly speaks some womanizer-like remark.<br/>
<br/>
Aze-sama is, "Awawa"-ing, unable to speak clearly, but she looks really happy.<br/>
He's returned alone, Mia and the others aren't with him.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou, didn't you get out?"<br/>
"Dumping Aze away, getting a new girl--"<br/>
"I've brought you souvenirs too."<br/>
"You know your stuff!"<br/>
"Wa~i, it's honey cakes!"<br/>
"Hyahho~! There's confetti candies too!"<br/>
<br/>
Satou-san shrewdly gives the pixies with a bag containing some snacks, he's successfully neutralized the little intruders.<br/>
<br/>
I think this reunion is too fast, but I'm glad that Aze-sama's gotten her energy back.<br/>
<br/>
The two have begun to flirt with their conversations on the balcony, but those two probably won't do anything wrong even if I leave them alone.<br/>
Satou-san seems to have that in mind, but Aze-sama doesn't seem like she'd do the common mistake of young people.<br/>
<br/>
I leave the rest to the pixies as I'm going to Nea's place to prepare the banquet tonight.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
