<br/>
<br/>
11-19. Oni (2)<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. I like this movie genre called disaster. Seeing the protagonists struggle through adversities coming one after another with their wisdom, bravery, luck and deliberation is the best.<br/>
However, I sure have never seen a disaster movie where all of the characters are saved.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I should have noticed the fear reflected on Yuika's eyes.<br/>
<br/>
My palm which was striking Yuika to faint her is stopped by a hard magic wall.<br/>
It's probably the unique skill [Automatic Defense (Guardian)].<br/>
<br/>
I somewhat remember this sensation.<br/>
It's similar with the [Fortress] function on Nana's equipment.<br/>
<br/>
--Then, it's the weak point.<br/>
<br/>
While my palm is still lightly hitting the defensive wall, I twist my body further and strike with more power. At the moment of impact, I release a lump of pure magic power.<br/>
<br/>
>[Armor Penetrate] Skill Acquired<br/>
>[Mana Strike] Skill Acquired<br/>
<br/>
I shot it out since there was nothing to lose anyway, but it seems to be the right idea, I've successfully made Yuika faint.<br/>
<br/>
--'kitt', I heard such sound.<br/>
<br/>
I catch the delicate Yuika who's fallen with my hand.<br/>
<br/>
--'bzzt' sound comes out. Where is it from?<br/>
<br/>
I pull Yuika who's lost her consciousness, fallen like a doll and put her body on my other arm.<br/>
<br/>
I heard the last sound of the fall (Trigger) right at this time.<br/>
<br/>
--'pakin'.<br/>
<br/>
I think it was a light sound such as that.<br/>
I should've noticed it at the first sound....<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
--Crimson light is dancing in the sky.<br/>
<br/>
Reflecting the pale light that fills the space.<br/>
<br/>
--light clothing as if it's an angel robe feebly dances in the sky.<br/>
<br/>
It regains its freedom after the wedge has disappeared.<br/>
<br/>
--A pair of hills exposed in broad daylight.<br/>
<br/>
A gentleman I am, I turn my eyes away from the meager undulation.<br/>
I heard the small sound of the broken clothing clasp falling to the ground.<br/>
<br/>
The eyes of Yuika who should've fainted suddenly opens wide.<br/>
<br/>
"You damn pervertttttttt!!"<br/>
<br/>
I narrowly evade the fist that comes striking as she awakens.<br/>
Looks like her personality's changed.<br/>
Come to think of it, they said that she would change into [the other person] when she fainted was it.<br/>
<br/>
"Don't evade itttttt!"<br/>
<br/>
Violet ripples are swirling around Yuika's body, and a fist that's a world difference than the one just now is coming at me.<br/>
It's probably the [Peerless Strong Arm] unique skill, but please stop with the rapid strikes.<br/>
Good grief, what'd you do if you became a demon lord after using too much unique skill.<br/>
<br/>
I evade the rain of literal certain-death fist attacks by using the skill [Foreseeing: Anti-Personnel Combat].<br/>
Yuika's level has changed from 50 to 55. Half of her skill composition has also changed to hand-to-hand combat-related skills.<br/>
I had thought that her personality would change, but I didn't think that her level and skill would too.<br/>
<br/>
--However, please be aware of it soon.<br/>
<br/>
When there was some distance between us, I made a gesture of striking my own chest with my finger.<br/>
With my action, It seems Yuika has finally remembered that her chest is exposed.<br/>
<br/>
"Gununununu...."<br/>
<br/>
Her face is distorted in shame, she pins the chest cloth with one of her hands and groans frustratingly.<br/>
Alright, she's stopped moving, let's try talking to her.<br/>
I take a mantle out of the Item Box and give it to Yuika with [Magic Hand].<br/>
<br/>
"Use it."<br/>
<br/>
The mantle that's opened in mid-air covers Yuika.<br/>
<br/>
"Kukukukuku"<br/>
<br/>
I can hear Yuika chuckling under the mantle.<br/>
She brushes away the mantle--and then jet-black dress that's different from just before appears. It's the so-called gothic dress. It matches well with her white skin and violet hair.<br/>
Her pupils which were lilac colored have also changed to scarlet and blue color of heterochromia.<br/>
<br/>
Moreover, Yuika's level has changed once again. It's slightly fallen at level 52, and her hand-to-hand combat skills have also become that of magic warrior kind starting with darkness magic.<br/>
<br/>
Yuika covers half of her face with one of her hand whose fingers spread, and then she continues to laugh while looking down.<br/>
<br/>
--Don't tell me, it's the symptom of demon lord-fication?<br/>
<br/>
"...Hahaha"<br/>
<br/>
Her eyes that can be seen between her fingers glint, and then Yuika slowly raises her face while continuing to laugh and leaning backward.<br/>
Her sharp glance is fixed at me as if it's going to pierce me.<br/>
<br/>
"Haaahhahhahahaha"<br/>
<br/>
--Three steps of laughs?!<br/>
<br/>
As if expecting my surprise, she points her hand that was covering her eyes with a bang and begins her introduction.<br/>
<br/>
"I am the descendant of the oppressed darkness, the miko demon of the sixth heaven, the last noble of Oni-kin."<br/>
<br/>
She changes her pose, and puts a moment pause.<br/>
<br/>
"My name is Foilnis La Belle Fille! Those who fear and honor me call me as the 『Jet Black Beauty Dark La Princesse』!"<br/>
<br/>
Un, she's a chuunibyou.<br/>
Still, please stop mixing French and English. Judging from the nuance, there's also Germanic too I guess?<br/>
<br/>
Denying her seems like it'll be annoying, guess I'll ride on it.<br/>
<br/>
"Nice to meet you, 『Jet Black Beauty』 Foilnis La Belle Fille-dono. I am called Kuro, a friend of Ban and Corpse."<br/>
<br/>
When I introduced myself, Yuika No.3 laughed scornfully.<br/>
<br/>
"A friend of Ban and Corpse? Someone who holds the title of hero, pretending to be a friend of my fellow darkness brethren!"<br/>
<br/>
Yuika is enraged while producing illusion of flame from her crimson eye.<br/>
She can see my hidden titles huh?<br/>
<br/>
I don't see any unique skill that fits it, but the [Divine Sight] one seems suspicious.<br/>
I had thought that it was surely an attacking magic eye kind.<br/>
<br/>
"I am the strongest magic warrior who have consigned numerous demon lords and heroes to oblivion! My level has become less than half of it was generations ago, but I will teach you that level difference is not the definitive difference in battle!"<br/>
<br/>
No no, I think six times level difference is [Definitive] enough.<br/>
If I have to say from watching the growth of our girls, 10 level difference with the opponent is the limit in a fight. If the difference in level is 20, it can't even be called a fight, that is as long as you don't have equipment and skill composition with overwhelming advantage against the particular opponent.<br/>
<br/>
Yuika No.3 still looks at my status and curses at it even now.<br/>
<br/>
"Fuhn, a parade of fake names huh. Trismegistus, Michaelangelo, Echigoya, Ichirou, Nobunaga--how many famous people are you intending to pretend to be."<br/>
<br/>
No, one of it is my real name. Though there's a celebrity with the same name indeed.<br/>
And, Yuika No.3 isn't one to say that of all people.<br/>
<br/>
"You shouldn't be one saying that right? Yuika."<br/>
"T, that's the mana (true name) that should be kept secret from the world! The name, 『Yuiitsu (The Only) Kami (God) - (Yuika)』, that's cursed by the gods is not to be spoken out loud! My name is Folnis La Belle Fille!"<br/>
<br/>
Oops, I inadvertently retorted even though I had admonished myself.<br/>
However, she doesn't have [Curse of the Gods] on her title or abnormal status looking at her stat, is this another [Self-proclaimed] one?<br/>
<br/>
Yuika No.3 was enraged for a second, but she quickly regained her composure and questioned me.<br/>
<br/>
"Let me ask you! The nameless hero who bears many names! What is your objective!"<br/>
<br/>
--Objective?<br/>
<br/>
In this case, my objective should be visiting Yuika's house.<br/>
<br/>
"Escorting Vampire Princess Semeri, I just came to greet the woman who came from the same 『Former』 world as me."<br/>
"What? Even though you're a hero, you didn't come here to subjugate me?"<br/>
"As long as the other party won't cause harm to our girls, I won't subjugate without question even if it's a demon lord."<br/>
<br/>
In fact, even with the Dog-head demon lord, I probably wouldn't be hostile toward him if he had no intention of harming Sera, Head-Miko and the others.<br/>
<br/>
"--I can't believe it. My skill tells me that your are speaking the truth...."<br/>
<br/>
Yuika No.3 is at a loss for words.<br/>
<br/>
Looks like she judge whether it's the truth with [Fathom] skill.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Umu, I haven't had pizzas for a long while."<br/>
"What do you want me to bake next?"<br/>
"It's enough, I'm already full."<br/>
<br/>
We reconciled after that somehow, and then, responding to the hungry Yuika No.3's request, I entertained her with pizzas and carbonated drink.<br/>
I had only one pizza that was reserved for midnight-snack remaining, but losing to Yuika No.3 who earnestly demanded for more, I baked more with impromptu furnace made with earth magic.<br/>
<br/>
It seemed Semeri was just sent to a different locked space by Yuika, she appeared safely and then began to wrestle with the pizza in silence. I have to stop her soon since her exposed stomach has swelled.<br/>
<br/>
"The newest Yuika is quite good at cooking, but Kuro's cooking is very dangerous."<br/>
"Yeah, he's better than the cooks at Ban-sama's place."<br/>
<br/>
Yuika drinks the carbonated drink that's flavored with sugar and fruit juice while praising my cooking skill.<br/>
Since Semeri unexpectedly disliked carbonated drinks, I took out some Brownie Wine for her.<br/>
<br/>
"I never thought that I would ever eat pizza in another world y'know. I want you to reproduce cola next time please."<br/>
"Let alone the recipe, I don't even know the ingredient for cola."<br/>
"Isn't it cola fruit?"<br/>
<br/>
I've never heard of cola being a fruit.<br/>
Yuika No.3 ambiguously replies back, "Keep researching."<br/>
<br/>
"I'm sorry for the newest Yuika earlier."<br/>
"It's fine already. You've just apologized now."<br/>
<br/>
Yuika No.3 who can't move with full stomach speaks some meek words.<br/>
Of course she was talking about the matter with Yuika No.1 who attacked preemptively.<br/>
<br/>
It seemed she was in panic since she had been taught by the pleasant reincarnated underground bunch that heroes were dangerous so she attacked first.<br/>
<br/>
Heroes would have shout "You damn goblin demon lord!" and attacked if they met Yuika No.3 anyway, so there's no point blaming Corpse and the others about this.<br/>
Moreover, it's not only heroes, demon lords have also challenged Yuika No.3 in order to call themselves [The strongest demon lord]. Yuika No.3 was level 99 at that time, so she defeated them in her spare time.<br/>
<br/>
I had thought that it was another made-up story from her chuunibyou, but Yuika has the titles of [True Hero] and [Goblin Demon Lord]. Apparently it's true.<br/>
<br/>
Although, she hasn't actually become a [Demon Lord] even though she has the title. She was arbitrary called that by some opponent who came challenging her which resulted in her getting the title.<br/>
By the way, the title of Yuika and the others seen from appraisal skill is [Recluse]. She must have stayed indoors for a long time.<br/>
<br/>
I thought that her level had decreased since she was slacking off, but she told me that her level decreases by 30 whenever she creates a new main personality. It seems her skills are lost along with it too.<br/>
Their skill and level can go back if they get hold of the main body from the main personality, but it seems the level can only go back by 20% of the main personality at most. Moreover, there's also some rule about affinity.<br/>
<br/>
"By the way, 『Jet-black Beauty (Dark La Princesse)』 Folnis La Belle Fille. This place has turned into abysmal state, do you have any place to sleep today?"<br/>
"Uu, it's embarrassing when someone actually calls me that..."<br/>
<br/>
She's happy when she's called in an exaggerated dramatic way, but chuuni name being plainly and seriously spoken out is embarrassing.<br/>
I understand well as someone who's contracted the disease once.<br/>
<br/>
"Why don't you get a new name? If you had enough of Western-style name, why not Japanese style or Chinese?"<br/>
"You give me, Kuro."<br/>
"Right then--"<br/>
<br/>
We came together with Yuika No.3 to Corpse's castle to order a new hermitage for Yuika, and then we went toward Ban's castle.<br/>
<br/>
Yuika No.3's new chuuni name is [White Oni Sovereign].<br/>
I got it from her white skin.<br/>
<br/>
Thus, the sightseeing tour of the labyrinth's lower layer ended peacefully like this despite the little trouble--.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
