<br/>
※ It's Zena's Point of View<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
11-14. Power-leveling<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
"Thank you for taking care of me today."<br/>
<br/>
I greet the daughter of Baron Muno in front of the explorer guild.<br/>
She splashed her luxurious golden-colored hair to the back, slanting her body while looking displeased.<br/>
Even if I'm referred by Satou-san, it must be unpleasant when an outsider suddenly takes part after all.<br/>
<br/>
"Karina-sama?"<br/>
"It's nothing. Just don't become a drag."<br/>
"Karina~?"<br/>
"Tsuntsun is no good nanodesu."<br/>
"Zena-sama is a master of wind magic. She will not be a hindrance."<br/>
<br/>
Karina-sama criticized me with some harsh words, but she begrudgingly accepted my participation with Liza and the others' mediation.<br/>
My chest feels slightly fuzzy when I see Karina-sama who's reddened as Satou-san whispers something on her ear.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Mot~"<br/>
"It's a Maze Moth nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
The two featherkin infants shoot their light crossbow toward the direction Pochi and Tama, who are acting as the vanguard, point at.<br/>
The Maze Moth got hit with the two arrows and fell to the ground.<br/>
Their aim is as good as Lilio even though they're so small.<br/>
They must have undergone strict training ever since they're aware of oneself, no doubt.<br/>
<br/>
We have only fought weak ones like maze moths and goblins during the journey so far since other explorers worked hard (to cull monsters).<br/>
Gina-sama of [Moonlight] has said to me that there are only a few monsters in the main corridors that connect between areas.<br/>
<br/>
"Be careful, we're going to arrive at our objective Area 19 soon."<br/>
<br/>
Everyone including me nods at Satou-san's warning.<br/>
We go through the crevice of a row of rocks that block the main corridor.<br/>
<br/>
Tama who's going first says, "Trap", and then she goes to a corner of the corridor with careful steps.<br/>
<br/>
"Procedure~ Canceled~"<br/>
"As expected of Tama nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
--Fast.<br/>
To cancel it just by rustling a bit in the shadow like that.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Monsters are coming from the front nodesu."<br/>
"It's a needle caterpillar (Needle Crawler). They can shoot needles that can paralyze you, so don't let it hit you okay."<br/>
"It's awright~"<br/>
"It's alright if they don't hit you nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Despite the Needle Crawler's dull-looking appearance, it's coming to us faster than a running man.<br/>
<br/>
"Zena-san, please put up defensive magic."<br/>
"Yes!"<br/>
<br/>
Oh no. I should've chanted it before Satou-san urged me.<br/>
I began to chant [<<Wind Protection>>] wind magic in panic.<br/>
However, the Needle Crawler that's approaching faster than the magic taking shape, stops, then it spreads its body and readies itself to shoot.<br/>
<br/>
--I won't make it.<br/>
<br/>
But, I can't stop the chant.<br/>
I'll stop a few of them at least!<br/>
<br/>
"Caterpillar! Shooting needles, acting like you're an archer, how ridiculous so I mock!"<br/>
<br/>
Nana-san who held a great shield came to the front and provoked it.<br/>
Countless needles shot by the Needle Crawler rush toward her. I feel chill down my spine as the rapier-sized needles fly one by one.<br/>
<br/>
The dying figure of Nana-san who has been pierced with countless needless along with her great shield.<br/>
<br/>
--such hallucination did not happen fortunately.<br/>
<br/>
Her great shield which is made from material I've never seen before bounces the hitting needles while leaving heavy sounds.<br/>
Pochi and Tama skillfully intercept some needles which have missed her great shield.<br/>
<br/>
The [<<Wind Protection>>] magic that has finally been invoked block the second volley of the needles.<br/>
<br/>
"This monster is a bit dangerous huh. Sorry but let's not use this monster for the [Power-leveling]. Take care of it with Nana's magic before it approaches if you find one."<br/>
"Yes, master."<br/>
<br/>
One term that I don't understand is mixed among Satou-san's talk.<br/>
However, I think this isn't the time to have a chat.<br/>
<br/>
"Pochi, Tama, let's destroy it. Follow me."<br/>
"Don't worry be happy sir~?"<br/>
"Roger nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Liza and the others rush toward the space where the third round of needles are flying.<br/>
They're too reckless no matter how you see it.<br/>
<br/>
"Wait!"<br/>
<br/>
Karina-sama told them to halt, but Liza and the others aren't stopping.<br/>
<br/>
But, I've misunderstood.<br/>
Karina-sama joins the battlefield where the needles are flying around.<br/>
With her golden-colored hair fluttering from her helmet, her beautiful limbs dance in the air as if she's the incarnation of beauty itself.<br/>
<br/>
Satou-san stopped me who was lured and had made a step forward.<br/>
<br/>
"It's dangerous. Those four should be able to handle it."<br/>
<br/>
Just as he's said, Liza and the two others handily beat the monster.<br/>
Not only Liza's spear, Pochi's and Tama's weapons also shined red light, so they must be magic swords.<br/>
Karina-sama swings the Heavy Hammer she's shouldering, knocking the entire body of the monster to the ground.<br/>
<br/>
A whip-like tentacle sprouting from the Needle Crawler's head is going toward Karina-sama.<br/>
However, a small shield that appears before her blocks the tentacle even though it's cracked because of it.<br/>
<br/>
Is that magic?<br/>
Or a magic tool?<br/>
<br/>
Satou-san who has noticed my line of sight calls out to me.<br/>
<br/>
"Karina-sama is fine since he has the protection of the Magic Creature Raka."<br/>
<br/>
It seems the decorations on her neck and limbs are Intelligent Item.<br/>
To have a family heirloom that only appears in fairy-tale like that, as expected of a territory-holder lord.<br/>
--She's rich on top of being that beautiful, it's really enviable.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"....■■ Air Blast"<br/>
<br/>
My magic intercepts the Armor Moth who was rushing here.<br/>
Slightly later, the featherkin infants shoot their light crossbows.<br/>
<br/>
Liza's spear and Nana-san's great sword cut its armor, Pochi and Tama's stone-throwing create holes on its wing.<br/>
Karina-sama and her two female soldiers take turn to hit it once, and lastly the three beastkin girls finish the battle.<br/>
<br/>
Even though my magic and the girls' attack were repelled by its armor, Liza, Nana-san and the others easily cut through it.<br/>
I think this is the difference between us and Mithril Explorers.<br/>
<br/>
One needs that much strength in order to stand by Satou-san's side....<br/>
I feel uneasy about my remaining magic power after doing so many battles, but it should have run out faster if not for the wand I've received from Kuro-san.<br/>
<br/>
Although I feel dizzy after overusing my magic, I won't be able to catch up to Satou-san and the others if I rest.<br/>
I will fight with the Magic Short Sword I've received together with this long wand if I run out of magic power.<br/>
<br/>
"Are you tired?"<br/>
"I-I'm fine!"<br/>
<br/>
I muster up a bravado as to not worry Satou-san.<br/>
<br/>
"You would collapse if you overexert yourself you know. Go ahead and refresh yourself with this."<br/>
<br/>
I receive the small bottle that he's presented to me worryingly, and drink down the citrus flavored liquid.<br/>
I feel that magic power wells up from within my body, subsiding the dizziness.<br/>
<br/>
--Don't tell me it was a magic power recovery potion?<br/>
<br/>
My question was quickly affirmed, but the magic potions that I know are hard to drink with strong grass flavor.<br/>
Moreover, even though it should be several silver coins worth even for one, he said, "I have a lot", and gave me more bottles.<br/>
<br/>
"Recovering magic power with meditation will use up the time, so please drink it freely."<br/>
<br/>
Although he said that, I don't think I can drink these expensive magic potions so readily.<br/>
Even in territorial army, it's a valuable item that's supplied to me only one bottle for emergency...<br/>
<br/>
--I feel like it'll make my sense of value go haywire.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I wonder how many monsters we've defeated.<br/>
I understand why the eyes of the two Karina-sama's guards looked like a dead fish's when they were entering the labyrinth.<br/>
They've been repeating this absurd ways of fight day after day.<br/>
<br/>
The two guards expressed their poor physical condition right after the featherkin infants, so we're taking a break in a small room called Safety Zone, guided by Satou-san.<br/>
<br/>
Come to think of it, Satou-san has been guiding our journey so far, but I've never seen him use luminance stones to check the course, nor did he check map even once.<br/>
I wonder if he has memorized all of the routes?<br/>
Satou-san has never pulled the mithril sword on his waist so far.<br/>
He must be in charge of direction and mapping.<br/>
<br/>
"Zena, a~n."<br/>
"Thank you."<br/>
<br/>
I receive the honey cake that Pochi presents and put it into my mouth.<br/>
It's sweet enough to be too sweet, but right now, this sweet spreads out deliciously.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
....Looks like I had gone to sleep before I knew it.<br/>
I was laid on a carpet with tender felt that had been put on the ground.<br/>
<br/>
When I look up, I see Pochi and Tama silently playing signal-like game with their hands.<br/>
<br/>
"Have you woken up?"<br/>
<br/>
I receive the tureen and a spoon that Satou-san, who says "You're hungry right?", presents me.<br/>
The tureen is warm with appetizing steam rising.<br/>
<br/>
--Steam?<br/>
<br/>
I see a hot pot that's being heated on fire behind Satou-san.<br/>
It looks like he's cooking inside the labyrinth. The people of [Moonlight] have taught me that it's an act that must not be conducted since it'll gather monsters.<br/>
<br/>
"It's alright since this is a safety zone."<br/>
<br/>
As if reading my worry, Satou-san informs me with his usual calm tone like he's whispering.<br/>
When I'm with him, I feel like I'm hallucinating we are in the middle of the city.<br/>
<br/>
The thick vegetable stew that I have is more delicious than any other dish I've ever had.<br/>
That's why, I involuntarily asked for a second helping.<br/>
<br/>
--To be that much delicious is unfair.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
My body feels light thanks to the light sleep.<br/>
I have a feeling that my magic power has increased somewhat.<br/>
<br/>
We continue the same kind of series of battles after the break, but we are now able to reliably defeat the enemies since everyone has grasped their role.<br/>
<br/>
That appeared from the Gushing Hole as if to prick such carelessness.<br/>
<br/>
--Scissor Centipede<br/>
<br/>
Its very long body looks like a tower when it stands up, sharp claws on the tip of its countless legs are shaped like swords.<br/>
And, its crab-like pincers on the sides of its head are emitting fiendish red light.<br/>
<br/>
That pincer swings down toward me who's frozen over the centipede's gigantic body.<br/>
<br/>
We are currently fighting nearly 10 powerful monsters.<br/>
There's no one that can prevent that fiendish blade--<br/>
<br/>
Even though I know it's futile, I holds my long wand up to block the swinging-down pincer. Another enemy would skewer me if I were to avoid to the side.<br/>
<br/>
--Just before the pincer bisects the wand in two, a black tornado cuts in.<br/>
<br/>
After kicking away the swinging right-pincer, Satou-san who had appeared out of nowhere brought me to a safe location.<br/>
<br/>
"It's alright now."<br/>
<br/>
Satou-san smiles refreshingly as if to make me feel relieved.<br/>
He still looks relaxed even though he's just saved me from danger. Nimbly so, like he always is.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Insolent fool who tried to put their hands on Zena-sama."<br/>
<br/>
The left pincer which pursued us is warded by a red spear, making it pierce the ground instead.<br/>
Liza holds the red spear in one hand, and uses her other hand to push the left pincer into the ground.<br/>
That hand seemingly glow red.<br/>
<br/>
"A mere centipede trying to fight Master and Zena-sama, you're a hundred years too early."<br/>
<br/>
The moment after Liza's words, the left pincer is destroyed with a boom sound.<br/>
Was that magic just now?<br/>
<br/>
"Liza, I leave the rest to you."<br/>
"Understood."<br/>
<br/>
Liza's spear which is clad in red light emits even stronger red light--is that Magic Edge?<br/>
I wonder if her secret skill is [Magic Edge]?<br/>
<br/>
She pulls back the spear to the limit, and then thrusts it toward the centipede in one go.<br/>
It's not a distance that a spear can reach no matter how long it is.<br/>
<br/>
--Eh?<br/>
<br/>
A lump of red light flies from the tip of the spear like a cannonball, hitting the centipede's head.<br/>
When the light disappear, the figure of the centipede with a large hole on its head remains.<br/>
<br/>
Is that perhaps, the shooting [Magic Edge] technique that appears in the hero story I've read in my childhood.<br/>
I thought that was just a creation, I've never thought it actually exists.<br/>
<br/>
However, there was no leeway for me to be perturbed from that miscellaneous matter.<br/>
The centipede that had lost its head split on its joints, and came attacking like different creatures.<br/>
<br/>
"Magic Edge Cannon nanodesu!"<br/>
"Majin Cannon~, How many~?"<br/>
"More! Nanodesu!"<br/>
"Falcon Phalanx~"<br/>
<br/>
Blasting with carefree voices, Pochi and Tama wreck the BlockPedes with countless red light bullets they shoot from their locations.<br/>
<br/>
--Am I watching a dream I wonder.<br/>
<br/>
I forget to support them with wind magic, as I can only watch the spectacle, dumbfounded.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I was shocked when I checked my growth in the explorer guild.<br/>
My level has increased from 17 to 24 in just one day.<br/>
<br/>
It's said that growths are fast in the labyrinth, but this is just too fast no matter how you look at it.<br/>
It shouldn't be strange for Liza and the two others who were powerless to turn into superior explorers in just several months.<br/>
<br/>
Probably, Satou-san's guidances and commands are amazing.<br/>
Except in that one Gushing Hole case, I never felt that my life was in danger even after we did such continuous battles.<br/>
When I was in the labyrinth with everyone from the Selected Corps, I felt that every battle had my life on the line even though we only fought minor enemies.<br/>
<br/>
We need knowledge and experience to cover this difference.<br/>
I will ask if I can enter the Training School that Satou-san manages next time.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
During the labyrinth exploration, I tried to converse with Karina-sama many times, but she only ever replied with, "Yes", or "You're right" short.<br/>
<br/>
Once, we had a conversation that continued on for a bit with Satou-san as the topic, but her guards poked fun at her, getting it interrupted.<br/>
Even though she looks like a gaudy beauty, she seems to be surprisingly pure.<br/>
<br/>
I think that I want to become friend with her for sure.<br/>
<br/>
During that labyrinth exploration, I remember sympathizing with her who earnestly wished nothing but getting stronger, without complaining even once.<br/>
She might be my rival in love, but someday I want to have an all-night talk about Satou-san, accompanied with drink, with her.<br/>
<br/>
And then, someday, together the two of us will arrive at the height where Satou-san and the others are!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
