<br/>
<br/>
11-9. Vampires (1)<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. Equaling demon lords, there are many stories and games that have vampires as the last boss, however aren't them not good to play the role as a villain with such varying weaknesses?<br/>
Sunlight, garlic, can't cross running water, can't enter into a building without being invited first, they have array of weaknesses, as such stories usually depict them being defeated with just wisdom and courage without relying on heroes.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
After returning to the lower layer, I've decided to examine the lower layer a bit more before I go to the vampires.<br/>
<br/>
I haven't examined it in details since I was focused in saving Zena-san before, so I'm going to investigate it now.<br/>
<br/>
There are around 30 beings that are level 50 and above in the lower layer.<br/>
<br/>
The highest-leveled one is the Elder Root at level 99 that exist in the second largest area. It seems to be a plant-type monster that extends to the entirety of the large area.<br/>
Its level is about the same as the Great Monstrous Fish (Tovkezeera), but it doesn't seem to be the Floormaster.<br/>
I tried to search for Floormaster just in case, but it didn't seem to exist.<br/>
<br/>
The second highest one is an Evil LesserDragon at level 80.<br/>
It's a lesser dragon even though its level is higher than the Black Dragon Heiron.<br/>
I wonder what is the basis for differentiating whether a dragon is lesser or not?<br/>
<br/>
Let's ask Heiron about it next time.<br/>
He probably would answer, "Dunno", but since there's no one else I could ask, it can't be helped.<br/>
<br/>
The third highest one is [King Mummy] at level 72. On top of having unique-skill sounding skills like [Metal Creation], and [Fantasy Factory], this King Mummy's name is [Tetsuo].<br/>
He must be a reincarnated person like the True Ancestor.<br/>
I'll try seeing him after meeting the True Ancestor.<br/>
<br/>
And then there's also the somewhat lower-leveled one at level 53 called [Iron Stalker].<br/>
He also has some ominous and unique-skill sounding skill called, [Spirit Possession]. Since his name is [Takeru], the possibility is high for him to be a reincarnated person.<br/>
His race is Living Armor, he probably uses [Spirit Possession] to make a metal armor become his body.<br/>
If Arisa hears about this, she would likely try to coax him to "Say 『Nii-san』."<br/>
<TLN: I hope you know where this reference comes from. ;)><br/>
<br/>
These two reincarnated people (assumption) are each positioned on two neighboring large Areas.<br/>
They're probably close friends.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Some guardians have been placed in front of the gate before the path that connects to the area where the vampires are.<br/>
<br/>
『Show me your power if ye wish to cross this gate』<br/>
『Show me your wisdom if ye wish to cross this gate』<br/>
『Swords and Magic, retrace your steps if ye do not posses both』<br/>
<br/>
Three mouths engraved on the gate are speaking words like living things.<br/>
<br/>
As for the guardians, there are two large golems that are bigger than 9 meters, and a semi-transparent Wraith.<br/>
The golems are a skeleton-like Bone Golem and a robot-like steel-made Iron Golem.<br/>
<br/>
The Iron Golem has a cannon and an axe-like weapons, while the Bone Golem has two short swords, a mace and a round shield on its four arms. Although I said short swords, that's only relative to the nine-meter big golem, from my perspective it's pretty much a thick great sword.<br/>
<br/>
I guess annihilating them would be bad if I'm going to have a talk with the vampires.<br/>
<br/>
Without caring for me who had been lost in thought, the Iron Golem began its attack.<br/>
The Iron Golem shoots out a flaming ball from its cannon.<br/>
<br/>
Using the [Break Magic] is troublesome, so I flick the flaming ball with my hands, changing its course.<br/>
The out-of-course flaming ball made a big explosion on the passage wall behind me.<br/>
<br/>
With that as the signal, the Wraith has begun chanting [Ice Paralyze], and the Bone Golem started to dance with two weapons on its arms.<br/>
With small motions, I take some light steps to dodge the furious assaults from both sides, and then I lightly touch it with my palms by matching the timing of its attacks.<br/>
Right at that moment, I drain its magic power with [Mana Drain] in one go to make it unable to act anymore.<br/>
<br/>
The Bone Golem which has lost its magic power breaks down to the ground as if it's been attacked with Turn Undead.<br/>
<br/>
I capture the scattered bones of the Bone Golem with the magic-sealing ropes and wires I've made from Thorn Foot in the mansion in order to prevent it from returning to battle.<br/>
Of course I didn't do it manually, I used [Magic Hand] magic.<br/>
<br/>
Ignoring the Wraith's chant, I go toward the golem which is setting up its cannon to neutralize it.<br/>
Even if I'm paralyzed, I could release it by using [Break Magic] chantlessly, so that one is for the last.<br/>
<br/>
It seems there's a time lag before the Iron Golem can use the cannon again, it's attacking me with the axe part, but since its movement is slow, I lightly dodge it without even using the Ground Shrink, and then I neutralize it with [Mana Drain] like with the Bone Golem.<br/>
I tie its right leg and its left arm behind its back with magic-sealing rope, restraining it.<br/>
<br/>
I direct a jumping kick toward the Wraith while seeing the log informing successful resist against the paralyze at the edge of my view.<br/>
<br/>
It seems the Wraith has a special characteristic of invalidating physical attacks, it's waiting my kick while looking calm.<br/>
Wraiths have an atrocious skill called [Life Drain], so from its point of view, I probably look like [A moth flying into the flame].<br/>
<br/>
The moment I touch the Wraith, I generate magic edge on the spikes on the sole of my shoe, kicking it away.<br/>
Of course, I didn't forget to hold back so it wouldn't be defeated in one blow.<br/>
<br/>
It seems to be quite painful as the Wraith that has been kicked away runs away toward the graveyard beyond the gate while screaming like it's startled.<br/>
<br/>
Wraiths that are weak to pain, how rare.<br/>
Do they even feel pain in the first place?<br/>
<br/>
No one answers such a question of mine as the gate simply opens silently.<br/>
<br/>
>[Life Drain (Drain) Resistance] Skill Acquired<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Since they don't come to meet me, I decide to enter at my own discretion.<br/>
<br/>
My appearance today is the custom version of Kuro set with a different disguise mask.<br/>
<br/>
I could go as the normal Kuro, but since I'm going to meet a reincarnated person who call itself as a famous vampire hunter, Ban Helsing--although the true name should be Van Helsing--, it's probably better if the face is of a Japanese person instead of a foreigner, so I've made a new disguise mask.<br/>
<TLN: TL Error, the vampire's name is 'Ban Helsing', thus why Satou retorted 'why isn't it Van?', back in ch. 11-7. Revised.><br/>
I'm borrowing the face of the outsourced debug staff, Tanaka-shi. The face of Mr. Metabolic doesn't match my body build, so I've chosen the face that's hard to left an impression with.<br/>
<br/>
Two female Vampire Lords are waiting for me near the bridge that connects the castle on the lake.<br/>
They're lords even though they're women huh. I'd like to ask the person who gives the name, why isn't it 'Lady'.<br/>
There's no helping it even if I complain since it's their race name, but since it's too retort-prone, I'm going to call them Vampire Princess at my own discretion.<br/>
<br/>
The two Vampire Princess are a short childish girl, and a tall adult beauty.<br/>
The childish-san is a 300 years old level 49 girl with white hair and blue eyes, and the glamorous beauty with blond hair and pale blue eyes is a 100 years old level 41 woman. The discrepancy between their age and their outer appearance is just like the vampires in fictions.<br/>
<br/>
During the occasion, I activate the [Life Drain Resistance] I've got just now to the maximum.<br/>
<br/>
"Welcome, strong one."<br/>
"Are you seeking a fight? Or the treasure sphere of knowledge and moonlight grass?"<br/>
"My wish is to meet the True Ancestor-dono."<br/>
<br/>
I answered plainly to the two vampire princess who was asking my purpose.<br/>
I'm not role-playing Kuro's way of speaking this time.<br/>
<br/>
"Is that so.... You don't want to fight do you...."<br/>
<br/>
The beauty is disappointed for some reason.<br/>
Did she want to fight?<br/>
<br/>
The childish Vampire Princess tells me [Wait a bit], changes one of its hand into a bat, and then sends it to the castle.<br/>
How convenient (fantasy).<br/>
<br/>
I had a chat with the two since we were free during the wait.<br/>
The little girl didn't reply while looking disappointed, but the beauty normally talked with me as she seemed to be amiable.<br/>
<br/>
That said, since we didn't have a common topic, I asked questions about the odd spectacles around us like 'how do the grapes bear fruit with only moonlight'.<br/>
<br/>
Apparently, that seems to be a plant-type monster called Dusk Grape. Just as the name implies, it can only grow in darkness, and will wither if it's basked in sunlight.<br/>
Only Skeletons and Living Dolls can handle them since they're carnivorous.<br/>
I see, they can eat their farmers huh.... To think that the crops are underworld-style too....<br/>
<br/>
It seems the Vampire Princesses don't need to eat meal, they're only growing it as indulgent food.<br/>
<br/>
I was glad the she taught me various things, but it was troubling how she asked for a fight at random, "I'll give it to you if you can win against me", whenever I got interested with some of the odd things.<br/>
I'm not going to deem that vampires are all Battle Junkies by only looking at her, but please stop those sparkling eyes wanting to fight.<br/>
<br/>
When we were having such chats, the bat came back and returned into the little girl's hand.<br/>
<br/>
"It seems Master will meet you. Follow me."<br/>
<br/>
The little girl bluntly said so, turned her body toward the castle without even waiting for my reply, and then began to walk.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
