<br/>
<br/>
SS: Lulu and Ingredients Shopping<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
"Huh? Lulu, you sure are early."<br/>
"Good morning, Master."<br/>
<br/>
I stop my hands from changing clothes, and greet Master.<br/>
Even though Master said I'm early, Master wasn't in the bed when I woke up in the middle of the night, so maybe he didn't sleep tonight too.<br/>
<br/>
I can't imagine Master collapsing from overworking, but even my mother collapsed suddenly.<br/>
It might be presumptuous of me, but I harden my heart, I must tell Master to get some sleep!<br/>
<br/>
"Master--"<br/>
"Lulu, you're in the middle of changing right? I'm troubled where to look, so can you at least put your underwear?"<br/>
<br/>
--Eh?<br/>
<br/>
Underwear?<br/>
<br/>
I move my line of sight awkwardly to below.<br/>
<br/>
That is, just now, the one I was trying to wear, brassiere.<br/>
<br/>
I cover my breasts and squat on the floor.<br/>
Ah, my face is hot.<br/>
<br/>
To let Master see the body of an ugly girl like me.... I've polluted his eyes.<br/>
<br/>
"I-I'm sorry. To show such a thing to Master."<br/>
"Ah, sorry. My reaction was late due to my slightly lack of sleep. Moreover, it was a sight for sore eyes, so there's no need for you to apologize."<br/>
<br/>
Master who had turned his body the other way gently said so.<br/>
<br/>
I put up the brassiere in a hurry. It seems the bust-up exercise has shown its effect recently, they've grown bigger and the brassiere size becomes wrong. <br/>
I have to ask Arisa to adjust the size next time.<br/>
<br/>
"Lulu give this package to Arisa when she's woken up. It's dangerous, so be careful about the children opening the package okay."<br/>
"Yes, I understand."<br/>
<br/>
I put the package from Master into my own magic bag temporarily.<br/>
I want to put it in Arisa's magic bag, but it can't be helped since you can only put and take out things from your own magic bag.<br/>
<br/>
Master waves his hand to me and then leaves the room.<br/>
<br/>
--Ah! Maybe he was hungry.<br/>
There's still some time before the commuting maids come, so I have to make it!<br/>
<br/>
I grab the apron in a hurry and chase after Master.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Is it alright with just plum rice porridge?"<br/>
"Yeah, it's nice for the stomach, and above all, Lulu's cooking is delicious."<br/>
<br/>
Ehehehee, I got praised.<br/>
<br/>
"Right, there's a morning market opening near the royal capital's gate during this hour, do you want to see it?"<br/>
<br/>
For Master's invitation, I check the clock that Master's made hung on the wall.<br/>
There's still two hours before everyone wakes up--it's alright isn't it?<br/>
<br/>
"Yes! I want to go."<br/>
"Then we'll be going after I've finished eating this, so fix your clothes okay."<br/>
<br/>
--Eh?<br/>
<br/>
Aaaa..... I've done it again.<br/>
To have only my underwear under the apron, there's a limit to being improper.<br/>
Like this, I'm just a female pervert.<br/>
<br/>
While reflecting on it, I went back to my room in a hurry to change.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"As one would expect of the royal capital, there's an abundance of goods huh."<br/>
"Yes! It makes it hard to choose."<br/>
<br/>
There's a lot of seasoning, there's a lot of ingredients I've never seen, just thinking how to use them makes me feel giddy.<br/>
If possible I'd love to study cooking together with Master just like it was before we went to the elf hometown.... Such thing is too luxurious for me.<br/>
<br/>
"Ah, Master, although they're small, aren't those tuna?"<br/>
"It's true, let's go see it Lulu."<br/>
<br/>
Master pulled my hand while smiling happily.<br/>
Oh Master, he really likes tuna.<br/>
<br/>
I hold my cheeks with the unconnected hand so that it won't loosen, and enjoy the brief happiness.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
After we've finished the shopping, I'm sitting together with Master on a bench next to a stall, enjoying some light meal.<br/>
Maybe because I've walked a lot, the fragrance of the soba that's just been milled stimulates my appetite.<br/>
<br/>
"It's the first time I've eaten soba made of buckwheat dough, but it's surprisingly delicious isn't it."<br/>
"Yes. It's not firm like the soba I ate before, but this is delicious too."<br/>
<br/>
It's the first for me, but it seems it's the first too for Master who has extensive knowledge.<br/>
<br/>
It seems there's still a lot of dish unknown to me in Royal Capital.<br/>
The money I received in the Labyrinth City has accumulated so much I don't know if it'll ever be used up, so it might be good to eat out at various places.<br/>
I won't ask something luxurious like wanting it to be together with Master.<br/>
Exploring a lot of delicious shops with everyone, it'll be fun.<br/>
<br/>
Eating the local dishes in various regions, and then next time, I'll be treating those dishes to someone else in another region.<br/>
Recently, I sometimes dream like that.<br/>
<br/>
It might be an unreachable dream with this slave body, but someday I'll save enough money and make it a reality.<br/>
<br/>
And then, at that time, beside me will be--.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
