<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
SS: Arisa and Intrigue<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
"Master, about Lulu's coming-of-age celebration, which do you think is better, white or black? Ah, there's red too."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa asked while showing me some silk cloth.<br/>
<br/>
"Which you said, doesn't white suits Lulu the best?"<br/>
"Right isn't it. Pure white is nice after all."<br/>
<br/>
It'll looks good with Lulu's black hair--<br/>
<br/>
--Wait, pure white? The fact that she didn't just say white feels a bit off.<br/>
<br/>
"Wait."<br/>
"What?"<br/>
<br/>
I halt Arisa.<br/>
<br/>
"There are two things I want to ask you."<br/>
"My secret is expensive you know?"<br/>
<br/>
I ignore Arisa who's posing like a strange evil woman, and ask her what I need to ask.<br/>
<br/>
"You said coming-of-age celebration, is it near the time for Lulu's birthday?"<br/>
"Ara? I didn't tell you? There aren't many countries that celebrate birthdays here. Most only celebrate at ages seven and fifteen during new year."<br/>
<br/>
Fumu.... I confirm the date on my Menu.<br/>
It's 28th October right now, so it's about two months left huh. With this much time, I should be able to create a long-sleeved kimono.<br/>
Arisa continues speaking as if sneering me who's relieved.<br/>
<br/>
"Since one year is 10 months, it's the day after tomorrow."<br/>
<br/>
--Wha!<br/>
<br/>
Come to think of it, Arisa did tell me that one year is 10 months once.<br/>
<br/>
"....Two days left huh."<br/>
"Don't tell me, you really haven't prepared anything?"<br/>
<br/>
I have the best clothes prepared for when Lulu won the cooking tournament, but I feel that wearing Chinese dress for her coming-of-age ceremony is not good.<br/>
She would likely cry if I gave her the bunny suit I made for Arisa's joke....<br/>
<br/>
--Think! Satou!<br/>
<br/>
While skimming the items in my Storage, I imagine what kind of item I should make.<br/>
<br/>
--Show me the power of that uselessly high INT!<br/>
<br/>
Something that would make women happy are sweets, ornaments and cosmetics, and also a trip huh.<br/>
<br/>
There's nothing special with sweets.<br/>
Accessories too, I've always given her the trial products whenever I make dresses and maid uniform, so it'll feel too little too late.<br/>
A tiara with a lot of philosopher's stones...is not a good idea. Gift isn't about the amount of money.<br/>
<br/>
I have several repertoires regarding cosmetics, but with Lulu's beauty it'd harm it instead.<br/>
Then maybe something like perfume--right, a lipstick might be good.<br/>
<br/>
When my childhood friend asked me a birthday present, she was really happy when I randomly give her a lipstick.<br/>
I was running out of money at that time, so I bought the lipstick from a hundred-yen store, I felt like running away when I saw my childhood friend dancing in joy from the cheap lipstick I gave, but I remember giving her a proper lipstick after I got the earnings from my part-time job later on.<br/>
<br/>
"I'll present her a lipstick."<br/>
"Ah, she might be pleased with that. I'll even overlook it if I see it on Master's lips."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa said so while laughing amorously.<br/>
....She said that in case of Lulu kissing me right? I don't have a hobby of dressing as a girl you know?<br/>
<br/>
--Huh? Arisa asked me about the color just now, can she even make a kimono in two days?<br/>
I thought so and confirmed to Arisa.<br/>
<br/>
"Ah, of course it's for battle underwear! Does Master like string for the side? Or maybe you're in lace-faction?"<br/>
<br/>
After spanking Arisa who laughed guhehe, turned out the white cloth from earlier was for the half-finished dress for Lulu.<br/>
She's using unraveled whale beard which is used for dress armor for the lining cloth, so the defensive power is way higher than normal metal armor.<br/>
<br/>
In addition, since it could be sexual harassment, I checked if Arisa really made a battle underwear.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
....On later days, Lulu who used the lipstick I gave her while wearing the white dress was really wonderful.<br/>
The offensive power is really too high, enough to make me feel dizzy.<br/>
It was dazzling enough that I would have proposed her here and then if it wasn't for Aze-san.<br/>
<br/>
"It's my turn in three years. At that time, you have to absolutely, absolutely make a face like just now!"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa who crossed her arms while posing dauntingly roughly breathed, muhhaa, and declared so.<br/>
Toward Arisa's reckless objective that seems like a knight challenging a windmill, I cheer for her only in my mind.<br/>
<br/>
--Do your best, Arisa.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
