<br/>
<br/>
SS: Tama and Bad People Suppression<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
"Night strolling~?"<br/>
<br/>
Tama found Master who was going out, so it's an emergency capture nano.<br/>
I mean, Arisa and Mia asked me.<br/>
<br/>
"Ah, you found me. Keep it a secret from everyone okay?"<br/>
"Aye"<br/>
<br/>
Master puts Wing Boots on Tama, and then we go together.<br/>
<br/>
Mia and Arisa said, "Catch Master when he's going out alone."<br/>
But, right now he's with Tama, so it's alright.<br/>
<br/>
--It's alright right?<br/>
<br/>
From on top of the neighboring mansion, Tama flies pyo~n departing!<br/>
Master's black mantle is fluttering, he looks so happy. The white mask is also laughing.<br/>
<br/>
Tama can't fly well, so Master holds her in his arms.<br/>
<br/>
"To where~?"<br/>
"A bit more--look, it's over there."<br/>
<br/>
We land at the top of a spire with a thump.<br/>
Even though the mantle is shaken by the wind, Master doesn't shake even an inch.<br/>
<br/>
--As expected, nano.<br/>
<br/>
"Look there, I'm going to suppress those bad people."<br/>
"Bad people~?"<br/>
<br/>
When Tama looks at the place Master is pointing at, there are people in black clothing full of weapons lurking in the back alley.<br/>
<br/>
"It seems they're going to attack the homes of our employees--wait, we can talk about that later."<br/>
<br/>
Master comes before Tama's face.<br/>
When you stare so hard, it's embarrassing, nyan.<br/>
<br/>
"Listen now, they are far weaker than the labyrinth monsters, so don't forget to hold back okay."<br/>
"Aye!"<br/>
<br/>
Tama replies with shutan pose.<br/>
<br/>
"Now, let's start the ninja time."<br/>
<br/>
Tama nods to answer Master.<br/>
I mean, Ninjas don't talk.<br/>
<br/>
While holding Tama, Master lands in front of the black clothed people.<br/>
<br/>
"Who the hell are you!"<br/>
"Your enemies."<br/>
<br/>
Tama hides behind the shadow as soon as we land.<br/>
<br/>
"What? The pink lump disappears?"<br/>
"Rather than that, kill this suspicious mask!"<br/>
"""Ou!"""<br/>
<br/>
The black-clothed people attack Master all at once.<br/>
Tama cannot go help.<br/>
<br/>
I mean, there is no need.<br/>
<br/>
--Ammazing!<br/>
<br/>
Master increases to six, and then attack the black-clothed people who're attacking from six directions!<br/>
Every one of them fell to the floor without even having time to swing their swords.<br/>
<br/>
Tama has to learn it too!<br/>
I mean, she's a ninja.<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
Tama will get scolded if she just watches. She has to work too--<br/>
<br/>
"It's noisy on that side."<br/>
"Maybe they got found out by the guards."<br/>
"Even if it's just us, let's quickly plunder, kill and escape."<br/>
"Right."<br/>
<br/>
Discovered bad people.<br/>
Shuriken, shu, shu, shu~?<br/>
<br/>
--Huh?<br/>
<br/>
"Hmph, you seem to be quite skillful, but it's not enough against this great me who's an ex-Red Iron ya'know?"<br/>
<br/>
Tama held back too much.<br/>
Uncle-san attacked with a great axe.<br/>
<br/>
Iai flash nano.<br/>
When a Ninja 'shupan', draws, and then 'shushut', sheaths, something like a great axe is cut in two.<br/>
<br/>
"Wo, what? Red blade flew?"<br/>
<br/>
Unyu, Magic Edge Cannon came out.<br/>
--Ah, Master catches the Magic Edge Cannon on the other side.<br/>
<br/>
Tama waves her hand, thank you Master.<br/>
<br/>
Huh? But wasn't Master fighting over there?<br/>
When she turns around, Master is standing over there too.<br/>
<br/>
Afterimage! Arisa often said, "That's an afterimage!" when she played as demon king nyan!<br/>
As expected of Tama's master.<br/>
<br/>
"Magic weapons huh. You cheater!"<br/>
<br/>
Uncle-san is angry, punpun.<br/>
<br/>
Tama is not a cheater.<br/>
Besides, the one saying cheater is the cheater themselves nano.<br/>
<br/>
I mean, Ninjas are an ally of justice.<br/>
<br/>
Tama too, will afterimage.<br/>
<br/>
"Kuh, Twinkling Movement huh!"<br/>
<br/>
Uncle-san takes some distance while blocking the kunai with his axe.<br/>
U~n, it's a bit wrong.<br/>
<br/>
While evading the daggers thrown around by Uncle-san, Tama sees Master who's fighting over there.<br/>
<br/>
U~n, it's difficult.<br/>
Does Tama move slightly like, gyun, maybe~?<br/>
<br/>
"Tsk, they were easily evaded, then how about this!　『Flame』"<br/>
<br/>
Uncle-san points a short wand with fire stone here.<br/>
A small fireball comes flying.<br/>
<br/>
It's useless nyan.<br/>
If Tama just, cut-this-one--done.<br/>
<br/>
"WHAT! This guy cut a magic!"<br/>
<br/>
Next is Tama's turn.<br/>
<br/>
Moving slightly, like, gyun.<br/>
<br/>
"Wha, this guy increased?!"<br/>
<br/>
Looks like it's a success.<br/>
But, Tama hit Uncle-san's stomach too enthusiastically.<br/>
<br/>
Uncle-san who spurted blood like he was dying got healed by Master's magic.<br/>
Master, thank you nano.<br/>
<br/>
"Looks like Tama has cleaned up her part too. The guards seem to be coming here, let's go back after I've given these guys to them."<br/>
"Aye!"<br/>
<br/>
After Master give the bad people to the guward people, we return to the mansion.<br/>
We remove our disguises along the way and eat [Yonakisoba] on a stall that sounds [pipuu].<br/>
<br/>
"Who would've thought that there's a ramen stall here."<br/>
"Delish~"<br/>
<br/>
Tama wants to eat [Yonakisoba] with Pochi and everyone next time.<br/>
<br/>
"That's right, let's go with Pochi and the others next time."<br/>
"Aye!"<br/>
<br/>
Therefore, so happy from Master's words, Tama answers with energetic shutan pose.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
