<br/>
<br/>
SS: Dance Practice<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
"Fluttering~?"<br/>
"Pochi's dress is soft and fluffy too nanodesu."<br/>
<br/>
The dresses that Master has made for us are very beautiful.<br/>
Tama is also dancing round and round with Pochi nodesu.<br/>
<br/>
"Pochi, Tama, we're going to Oppai-san's place in the castle, are you coming?"<br/>
"Come~"<br/>
"Pochi will go too nodesu."<br/>
<br/>
Pochi nods to Arisa. She says that Lulu is also coming.<br/>
Pochi hasn't been moving much ever since she comes to to the royal capital, so she wants to do some training with Karina nodesu.<br/>
<br/>
Nana seems to be doing something in the garden. Together with Shiro and Crow too.<br/>
<br/>
We go to Karina's house in the royal castle.<br/>
But, Karina wasn't in the lesson room.<br/>
<br/>
"Huh? Karina-sama?"<br/>
"She's feeling a bit sick, she's retiring in her bedroom."<br/>
<br/>
Erina shakes her neck while saying, "Gyoukusai ssu." <TLN: Got your confession completely rejected><br/>
Pochi wonder if Gyokusai is an egg dish? It sounds a bit delicious nanodesu.<br/>
<br/>
"I see, then everyone start your lesson ahead, I'll motivate Karina-sama for a bit."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa said so and then left the room.<br/>
Pochi also wanted to go with her, but she said, "It's maidens talk, so leave us two alone", and leave me in the room nodesu.<br/>
<br/>
"Tama is a maiden too~?"<br/>
"Even Pochi is a maiden nanodesu."<br/>
"N, maiden."<br/>
<br/>
We have to firmly protest here!<br/>
Lulu too, it's not the time to giggle nodesuyo?<br/>
<br/>
However, since a mansion's maid came to the room bringing snacks, we're going to protest after eating the snacks nodesu.<br/>
You cannot protest with a hungry stomach nodesuyo.<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
"Fulla~"<br/>
"It was delicious nodesu."<br/>
"N, satisfied."<br/>
<br/>
Eating snack is happiness.<br/>
Pochi can't make light of the mansion's maid skill nodesu.<br/>
<br/>
"I wonder if it uses ginger as the secret ingredient? If you just decrease it a bit more, remove the alcohol and add a drop of brandy, it should taste better. I should try it when we get back."<br/>
<br/>
....Lulu's monologues sounds so tender to Pochi's ears like a lullaby nodesu.<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
"Hey Pochi. The lesson is starting."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa woke Pochi up, swoosh swoosh.<br/>
Hau, Pochi's stomach was full, making her fell asleep nodesu.<br/>
<br/>
Karina is standing with enough fighting spirit beside Arisa.<br/>
Her face is like when Pochi and the others challenged the [Floormaster] nodesu.<br/>
<br/>
"I'll display the best dance and make the gazes of the surrounding men gather to me. And then, I'll make Satou regret and be jealous desuwa. A flower is chased by men. I won't become a cheap woman who chase after men desuwa."<br/>
<br/>
Pochi completely doesn't understand what Karina is saying, but Pochi loves doing chasing.<br/>
Da da da, da so Pochi chases and then enters the burrowing hole entirely, it's really fun nanodesu.<br/>
<br/>
Tama and Pochi leans our heads to each other.<br/>
<br/>
"Mia, music start."<br/>
"Nn."<br/>
<br/>
Karina dances with Lulu.<br/>
The two's foot-stepping are wonderful nanodesu. Pochi should train her foot techniques too nanodesu.<br/>
<br/>
Dancing and spinning together with Tama.<br/>
<br/>
"Good good, keep it up!"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa is encouraging everyone with folded arms.<br/>
<br/>
However, Pochi can't step her partner's feet as well as Karina and Lulu.<br/>
Tama's evasion is amazing nodesu.<br/>
<br/>
However, Master's evasion is even more amazing nodesu.<br/>
Someday, Pochi will show Master that she can dance well enough to step on her partner's feet like Karina and Lulu nodesu!<br/>
<br/>
--However, is it alright for Arisa not to practice dancing nodesu?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
