<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
SS: Satou's Inspection<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
With a cage filled with house mice that Tama and Pochi caught in the royal capital on one hand, I teleport to the epidemic prevention laboratory using Unit Arrangement.<br/>
This place is completely isolated from the outside world, so I can only enter here through teleportation.<br/>
<br/>
I put on a white lab coat, and then take out one of the mice inside the cage with [Magic Hand].<br/>
The mouse looks around the room restlessly while squeaking.<br/>
<br/>
"Chu?"<br/>
"Sorry, but I'll have you go along with the experiment."<br/>
<br/>
I open the unwary mouse's mouth, and make it drink the upper grade potion mixed with my blood--Nectar with a bulb syringe.<br/>
The house mouse screamed and then it fainted.<br/>
<br/>
Its small body looks like it's gotten a bit stronger, its health and stamina are about to run out. <br/>
I put some sugared water in the mouse's mouth, and then put it in a different cage than the first one.<br/>
The sleeping face of the mouse looks somewhat happy, but that must be my imagination.<br/>
<br/>
I dilute the Nectar with water 10 times its concentration, and then make the next mice drink it.<br/>
There wasn't any who disliked it, but several of the mice collapsed.<br/>
<br/>
After trying it with around 10 mice, I ended the experiment and put them in the third cage.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
When I was about to continue the next experiment, I noticed that the mice in the cages had gotten up and were staring at me.<br/>
<br/>
I wonder if it's just my imagination, I can feel intelligence in the mice's eyes.<br/>
<br/>
The AR indicator showed that the first house mouse that I experimented with had its race changed to [Sage Mouse].<br/>
As for the rest of the mice I experimented with, three out of the ten changed into [Sage Mouse (Low)]. The other seven mice remain a mouse.<br/>
<br/>
I let the other mice that haven't been experimented with to drink my blood.<br/>
They lick my blood with their small tongues, but their body aren't changing.<br/>
<br/>
Next, I drip my blood into a new upper grade magic potion with various ratio, and then give it to the rest of the mice.<br/>
The house mice aren't changing just like with my blood.<br/>
<br/>
Apparently, the problem is with the blood coming from the arm that has been encroached with the divinity from the Divine Sword.<br/>
I'm relieved that I don't have to worry about something like high human appearing after having some night life.<br/>
<br/>
Now I can visit the pleasure quarter during the journey without hesitation.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The next experiment is with the [Evil Philosophy].<br/>
I want to test what'd happen if I make a creature get close to a crystallization of miasma.<br/>
<br/>
Of course, I'm doing it in a laboratory located on a different area than the earlier.<br/>
I'm using a small fly for this experiment.<br/>
<br/>
When I took the small fly close to the Evil Philosophy, it quickly transformed into a huge monster.<br/>
It looked like it was going to attack me, so I created an elongated magic edge on my fingertip and cut the monster in half.<br/>
<br/>
A whitish Magic Core dropped down from the cross-section.<br/>
Looks like there's no doubt that the miasma is the main cause of monster transformation.<br/>
<br/>
I put the Evil Philosophy into my Storage, finishing the dangerous experiment.<br/>
<br/>
There's no doubt that the ingredients of Fiend Drug, Ruin Grass and Decay Stem, are plants that attract miasma.<br/>
In other words, in the place where Ruin Grass and Decay Stem are being cultivated, wouldn't the number of monsters increase?<br/>
<br/>
I'd like for someone to investigate it, but the Ruin Grass and Decay Stem are poisonous even in their raw forms, so it's dangerous for a normal farmer to grow it.<br/>
Moreover, someone could potentially misuse it if they knew that they're ingredients of the Fiend Drug.<br/>
Looks like I need to uproot these characteristics, and create ones, perhaps by selective breeding, that can't be misused.<br/>
<br/>
It'll be hard if I can't find a researcher I can trust for this.<br/>
Princess Shistina probably would gladly do it, but there's no way I can let a princess of the whole kingdom to deal with poisonous plants.<br/>
<br/>
It might be a good idea to ask the elf botanists.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I head to the next laboratory with Unit Arrangement.<br/>
After using space magic [Extend Space] to secure the space, I lay out three-meter thick humus on the ground.<br/>
Normally I should've created a ridge, but I don't have any knowledge in that area, so I do it like this.<br/>
<br/>
The experiment this time is the cultivation of the potato that's turned huge after absorbing the blood soaked in divinity.<br/>
<br/>
Even though it's a giant potato, its species is neither [High Sweet Potato] nor [God Potato], it's still a potato.<br/>
I use the leaf of the giant potato I took out of the storage as a seedling.<br/>
<br/>
I plant it in the soil, and sprinkle water on it.<br/>
<br/>
There's no particular change.<br/>
Looks like it's not a strange seed like the giant potato that suddenly grew big.<br/>
<br/>
In order to observe it, I made a Wood Puppet with magic and ordered it to watch over the cultivation, I decided to leave it for a while.<br/>
I've put up a light source with light magic, so there should be no problem with photosynthesis.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
『Master, where are you?』<br/>
"I'm in the lab."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa contacted me with [World Phone].<br/>
I'm surprised that she could reach me at this distance without any relay. As expected of magic.<br/>
<br/>
『Hm~m, can we go play there?』<br/>
"I don't mind, but it's a bit far, so I'll teleport you myself."<br/>
『Alright! I'm with Mia, so teleport us together okay.』<br/>
"Okay."<br/>
<br/>
I move to the observatory room used for resting, and then bring Arisa and Mia there.<br/>
<br/>
"Eh? Awawawawa--"<br/>
"Satou."<br/>
<br/>
I receive Mia who jumped three-meter long.<br/>
I catch Arisa who's surprised with the sudden zero gravity, and lead her to the attached sofa.<br/>
<br/>
"W-why is it zero gravity."<br/>
"Void sky."<br/>
<br/>
Mia who was staring outside the observatory room shortly answered Arisa.<br/>
Yes, this is a laboratory I've built in the outer space to prevent disaster.<br/>
<br/>
The laboratory where I was earlier is at 1G like on the earth by using gravity magic, but this is the lounge for receiving guests, so I've left it at zero gravity.<br/>
<br/>
"Uhya, where can I see the earth?"<br/>
"I don't think you can see it since there's no planet in the visible distance."<br/>
<br/>
I gave Arisa a drink in a tube while answering her.<br/>
<br/>
"Hey hey, can I take out the juice from the tube and then drink it with a straw while the juice ball is floating in the air?"<br/>
"Yeah, there's no precision instrument here, so it's okay."<br/>
"Alright!"<br/>
<br/>
This experimental satellite is a simple structure of a mass of rock I made on the ground, put in the storage, taken out in the space, so there's no danger with just moisture.<br/>
<br/>
Arisa floated the juice ball, stabbed it with a straw and then began to drink it gleefully.<br/>
Seeing that, Mia imitated her.<br/>
<br/>
"Haa, with this I can cross out another one from the things-I-wanna-do list."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa who had finished drinking the juice satisfyingly leaked out a sigh.<br/>
Arisa requested, "Another one!", while grinning and sending a peace sign, so I take out my latest creation, fruit milk.<br/>
I actually wanted to take out the cola, but it was a big failure when I experimented on it alone, so I took this one out instead.<br/>
<br/>
As we're at it, I invite the other girls too.<br/>
While swimming in the air, everyone is drinking the juice, or playing with the zero gravity, each of them are enjoying the unusualness the way they want.<br/>
<br/>
I also played around with childish innocence after a long time.<br/>
Doing something like this once in a while is nice!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
