<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
SS: Southern Island<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
"Eh~, the southern island isn't at the sea?"<br/>
"That's right. I haven't finished the reclamation, so if you wore swimsuits there, you'd have a bad time dealing with the bugs and the beach creatures."<br/>
<br/>
When I told Arisa who came in swimsuit and swim ring like I was threatening her, the youth troupe who entered the room following Arisa turned right back to change their clothes.<br/>
I could use magic to defend against it as much as they like, but I decided not to say it.<br/>
We can play on the shore after I've prepared the sandy beach.<br/>
<br/>
"Boo boo!"<br/>
"Don't complain with boo boo, go change your clothes. Once the reclamation is over, I'll prepare it so that we can have a vacation with swimsuits there."<br/>
"Ho~i. ....Don't forget your promise okay?"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa went out of the room unwillingly.<br/>
It's unfortunate that I can't see the charming swimsuits of the youth troupe, but there will be many chances from now on, so let's postpone the fun for later.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"--hot."<br/>
"This is the southern island after all."<br/>
<br/>
I think it's around 38 degree?<br/>
It's only like an extremely hot day in Japan, so I think it's actually rather cool for this equatorial island.<br/>
<br/>
"I feel like eating watermelon."<br/>
"Nn."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa who's wearing explorer-like clothes made a request while looking like a dog during an extremely hot day.<br/>
I have a lot of watermelon stocked up from Boruenan Village, I'll take some out once the preparation for the reclamation is complete.<br/>
<br/>
"Banana~?"<br/>
"Pochi wants to eat pineapple nodesu."<br/>
<br/>
Tama and Pochi point their fingers to different directions while their noses are sniffing.<br/>
Looking at the map, I saw that Tama pointed at bananas, and Pochi was toward pineapples. Both of them have good noses.<br/>
<br/>
"Private Tama, Private Pochi!"<br/>
"Aye!"<br/>
"Yes! Nanodesu"<br/>
<br/>
When I called, the two saluted back in military style.<br/>
<br/>
"Using mowing equipment, constuct the Banana Highway and the Pineapple Line!"<br/>
"Aye aye sir~"<br/>
"Roger nanodesu."<br/>
<br/>
The two took out huge orichalcum sickles out of their magic bags and equipped them.<br/>
They were spirited enough it was as if there was a clink sound.<br/>
<br/>
"Charge~"<br/>
"There is no road in front of Pochi as it will be behind Pochi nodesu."<br/>
<br/>
Moving at a speed that would put lawnmowers to shame, the two began to make way while pushing their way through the jungle grass.<br/>
<br/>
"Isn't it faster if Master does it with magic?"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa's opinion is correct, but using magic is too easy it's boring.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
While chewing the cooled watermelon and pineapple, we go around the unpopulated island on an open-type flying board.<br/>
At first we were exploring on foot, but on top of not having fun obstacles like bottomless swarms or wild beasts, there were a lot of mosquitoes and bugs in the thickets, so Arisa snapped.<br/>
It would have been fine if she was just making noise while grumbling, but we had to stop the on-foot exploration since she was going to burn down the whole island.<br/>
<br/>
"Swish swish~. Summer means watermelon after all."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa who's spitting the seeds while biting the red watermelon has a smile on her whole face.<br/>
Looks like she's back in good mood.<br/>
<br/>
"Agreeing with Arisa, so I declare. Launching the seeds is fun, delightful."<br/>
<br/>
Nana bites the watermelon with a serious face.<br/>
The fruit juice running along her cheeks to her breasts looks sexy.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, please wipe it, so I appeal."<br/>
"Sure thing."<br/>
<br/>
Looks like she doesn't like sensation of the fruit juice, Nana asks while pulling her front neck with one hand.<br/>
I readily consent and take out a handkerchief from the Storage--.<br/>
<br/>
"Sure thing. NOT!"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa barked toward the sky while repeating my words.<br/>
<br/>
"Arisa, you'd fall down if you stood up suddenly. Master, I'll do it for you, so please lend me the handkerchief."<br/>
<br/>
While scolding Arisa, Lulu quickly took the handkerchief from my hand and wiped Nana's chests on my place.<br/>
Lulu was between Nana and me when she was wiping it, so I couldn't peek at the fascinating valley.<br/>
<br/>
--Lulu, what a frightening girl.<br/>
<br/>
When I was imitating Arisa in my mind somehow, Mia came to me.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou, a~n."<br/>
"Thank you, Mia. The pineapple is good too isn't it."<br/>
"Nn, good."<br/>
<br/>
I chew the pineapple that Mia fed me.<br/>
The pineapples in this island have pretty good balance between sourness and sweetness. I feel that it's far more delicious than the pineapples circulating in the Royal Capital and the Duchy Capital.<br/>
<br/>
"Pineapples are delingerous nanodesu!"<br/>
"It is, isn't it."<br/>
<br/>
I agree to Pochi who's delightfully holding pineapple skewers on both hands.<br/>
Apart from that, Pochi. You mixed up delicious and dangerous you know?<br/>
<br/>
The bananas that Tama brought were still green, so I made it ripe with an original customized version of the darkness magic's [Decay]. Magic really is convenient.<br/>
<br/>
"Ooh, the green banana became yellow?!"<br/>
<br/>
Seeing that, Arisa raised a surprised of voice with round eyes.<br/>
She likes to exaggerate like usual.<br/>
<br/>
"Delish~"<br/>
"Pineapples are tasty, but so do bananas nanodesu."<br/>
"Nn, agree."<br/>
<br/>
Beside everyone who's eating the bananas, Arisa made a cliche gag, "Do bananas count as snack?", and failed hard.<br/>
<br/>
Since eating them just like that would be tiresome, I tried making banana shakes.<br/>
The shakes were very popular, but I ended up having to make watermelon shakes and pineapple shakes too.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"By the way, is it alright to leave Liza-san alone?"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa asked while looking at Liza who was playing around with the sea monsters.<br/>
Looks like Liza is making use of magic armor to create magic snow-shoes to float on the sea.<br/>
<br/>
It seems Liza will master Sky Drive before long.<br/>
<br/>
"Strange. I asked Liza to help power-leveling Zena-san and the others on the shore."<br/>
<br/>
There's no way that Liza would get tired and went to play around, she must have a reason for it.<br/>
<br/>
"Ah, look look! She's waiting until Zena-san and the others have finished defeating the monster on the shore, and then lures another to them."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa told the situation while pointing below.<br/>
I see, she's managing the monsters to make them fight Zena-san and the others in turn.<br/>
<br/>
Liza is fit to be an excellent manager.<br/>
<br/>
On the shore, Zena-san and Sera-san act as the rear guard while Lady Karina is the vanguard.<br/>
The front line can't be hold by just Lady Karina who's an attacker alone, so I've deployed 10 sand golems as their shields.<br/>
<br/>
After encouraging Zena-san, Sera-san and Lady Karina who were doing their best on the ground, we went back to go around the island, I made the reclamation plan while holding the map on one hand.<br/>
There's an island as big as Awajima island in the large inlet, I'm planning to make a harbor and dwelling houses near the inlet.<br/>
<br/>
"Might as well make a palace! One that's like the one in the Arabian Night."<br/>
<br/>
Fumu, the one with fresh cream on top of it?<br/>
I'll ask Arisa to draw it later.<br/>
<br/>
The other girls also give their varying opinion.<br/>
<br/>
"House of cake."<br/>
"House of meat~?"<br/>
"House of hamburg steak is nice nodesu!"<br/>
"Master, house of stuffed toy is good so I appeal."<br/>
<br/>
It's not clear which remark is whose, but they're imaginative ideas befitting of children.<br/>
<br/>
"I'd like to have an oven and a steam cooker in the kitchen. I don't mind if there's no washing machine, but I'd be happy if there's a garden with roof so I can air laundry even during rainy days."<br/>
<br/>
Only Lulu gave a realistic opinion.<br/>
She's as reliable as a housewife who's buying a house.<br/>
<br/>
When we went back to the shore to meet Liza and the others as the sun fell, Zena-san and the others were lying on the shade of trees.<br/>
It doesn't seem like a heat stroke, it's probably the level-up intoxication.<br/>
<br/>
"There's a lot of meat, it's exciting nanodesu!"<br/>
"I'll help~"<br/>
"Pochi will also help with the dismantling nodesu."<br/>
<br/>
Tama and Pochi ran toward Liza who was draining blood and dismantling the large amount of monsters in the shore.<br/>
Today, the dinner changed to barbecue in the shore, we ate the fresh seafood and the marine delicacy with relish.<br/>
<br/>
Thus, we forgot about the busy days in the royal capital, and fully enjoyed the vacation that harked back to summer holiday.<br/>
<br/>
Now then, it's back to work tomorrow.<br/>
I'll get fired up and work hard!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
