<br/>
※A short story in Liza's point of view<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
SS: Liza the Magic Spear<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Shiga Eight Swords--.<br/>
<br/>
They're the strongest swords of Shiga Kingdom that eliminate demons.<br/>
<br/>
I was taught those words by my father since I was small.<br/>
I would have never imagined that I would have a bout against that Shiga Eight Swords--much less, winning against one.<br/>
<br/>
I, who still can't make Master go serious....<br/>
<br/>
"Liza the Magic Spear, I'll let you serve under my earl house. I'll give you the same salary as a human knight."<br/>
"Liza-dono, I wish for a match. Oneself is Kajiro of Jii Gein style--"<br/>
"Are you interested in becoming a knight of the kingdom army? We'll welcome you not as a retainer but a holy knight."<br/>
<br/>
Invitations for matches and solicitations came to me one after another.<br/>
I troubled Master each time that happened, I felt as thought my body shrunk.<br/>
<br/>
I wonder how will Master think about it this time?<br/>
I'm worried Master who hates to be lionized by others would hate me.<br/>
<br/>
Calming my upset mind, I practice the way of spear alone in the mansion's courtyard.<br/>
<br/>
The Magic Edge lights up the dark garden.<br/>
Magic Edge that was once something difficult is now as easy as breathing.<br/>
<br/>
If I told this to me from one year ago, there's no doubt that I'd be laughed off.<br/>
<br/>
I shake off such an idle thought and concentrate on the basic form.<br/>
<br/>
--Pierce, sweep, hit.<br/>
<br/>
After finishing the basic form, I continue with the self-taught style I learned during the labyrinth city's battles.<br/>
<br/>
I turn my body aside and then make a leg sweep with my tail.<br/>
I sink my body with not just my leg, but also my tail, making use my whole body as a spring, and then stab with my all.<br/>
<br/>
Ending the form, I felt a presence appeared in one corner of the courtyard after I made the motion of returning the sword to its scabbard.<br/>
<br/>
"It's wonderful as always."<br/>
"Master--"<br/>
<br/>
Our Master appeared from behind a grove of tree where no one should've been.<br/>
I could faintly feel Tama's concealment technique, but Master's concealment is too natural I can't sense it at all.<br/>
<br/>
"Was I a bother with the sound?"<br/>
"Not at all. The other girls are sleeping with such happy faces after all."<br/>
<br/>
Master talked gently to me who was being timid as if reassuring me.<br/>
<br/>
And, I put out cruel words to that kindness.<br/>
<br/>
"If Liza is interested in Shiga Eight Swords, it's fine if you want to accept it okay?"<br/>
"Am I already unneeded--"<br/>
<br/>
--How cowardly of me.<br/>
<br/>
To think I said something like that while anticipating the gentle Master to deny it.<br/>
<br/>
"No way. It'd be lonely if Liza wasn't here."<br/>
<br/>
I let out a sigh of relief after hearing that.<br/>
<br/>
"Nevertheless, I want to prioritize what Liza wants the most. If that's what Liza really wants, then I will respect that decision."<br/>
<br/>
Kindness may sometimes becomes poison.<br/>
I understand that Master does not need anyone in the truest sense.<br/>
<br/>
--Even so.<br/>
<br/>
Even so, I want to be with Master.<br/>
<br/>
I swear to my partner, magic spear, who's glowing red receiving my determination.<br/>
<br/>
Someday, an existence that can be relied upon by the aloof Master, I--.<br/>
<br/>
--Will become one.<br/>
<br/>
I don't remember whether I was able speak those words in the end.<br/>
However, surely.<br/>
<br/>
My spear knows.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
