<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
13-10. Arrest<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. Fun chases between detectives and thieves only happens in fiction. I think in reality, several policemen form a team to track down the criminal.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I talked all night with Hikaru, and left the Heavenly Dragon Shrine as the sun rose.<br/>
<br/>
The plan is for Hikaru to go to the Royal Capital after soothing Tenryu.<br/>
<br/>
The shrine is treated as its own area, so I can't directly teleport to it through Unit Arrangement, I can do short-range teleport to it though.<br/>
I've put a carved seal board for Return Teleport in Hikaru's mansion, so we can meet anytime.<br/>
<br/>
I wanted to reconcile with the dragons before going out of the shrine, but they were frightened more than I thought and didn't want to get close to the shrine, so I asked Hikaru for their mental care.<br/>
<br/>
I'm thinking of bringing some presents for them another day.<br/>
<br/>
I thought of going to Boruenan Forest but it was at the hour where only Lulu should have woken up, so I went to the Royal Capital first to eliminate the thieves.<br/>
<br/>
I move to Pendragon Mansion with Unit Arrangement, quickly activate the Anti Magic Essence Camouflage skill, and then notice one thing as I open the menu.<br/>
<br/>
--The opponent shouldn't be activating it permanently if it's a skill with bad fuel consumption.<br/>
<br/>
So I thought and checked the map, turned out Ropo is existing normally in an area of the slump.<br/>
Looks like my expectation is right on mark.<br/>
<br/>
I investigate the thief hideout where Ropo is on the map, and move to his room with Unit Arrangement.<br/>
Right before that, I changed into Kuro form like yesterday from Nanashi form.<br/>
<br/>
Two half-naked women are sleeping on both sides of the bed.<br/>
They haven't noticed me yet. Probably because I'm using Magic Essence Camouflage skill and Hiding skill.<br/>
<br/>
The two women seem to be thieves too, so I can apprehend them without reserve.<br/>
<br/>
I slightly lift up Ropo who's still sleeping with [Magic Hand] and then tie him with a rope made of [Thorn Foot]'s ivy.<br/>
Looks like he wakes up, he raises a hoarse scream.<br/>
Hearing that scream, the women ready daggers on their hands on top of the bed.<br/>
<br/>
It's troublesome, so I neutralize the women with [Remote Stun].<br/>
I tumble the neutralized women off the bed, and then lightly cut Ropo's cheek with the dagger.<br/>
Unlike with yesterday, the spilling blood didn't become smoke, it only stained the bed red.<br/>
<br/>
"Who the hell are yaaa"<br/>
<br/>
--He's forgotten already even though we just met yesterday?<br/>
<br/>
Without answering him, I strike his stomach with [Remote Stun] like with the women.<br/>
I had thought that he would resist, but Ropo's status quickly becomes 'Fainted'.<br/>
<br/>
....Strange. It's too easy.<br/>
<br/>
When I see Ropo with Anti Magic Essence Camouflage skill activated, I feel something odd on his neck.<br/>
According to AR reading it's a recognition inhibition type artifact called [Thief God Harness].<br/>
<br/>
I couldn't take it off, so I store it into the Storage directly.<br/>
<br/>
--Who is this guy?<br/>
<br/>
The person I had thought was Ropo turned into someone else.<br/>
It's a level 30 middle-aged bearded man.<br/>
<br/>
Apparently, he's a body double who disguised himself by using an artifact.<br/>
I round up the other thieves beside the fake Ropo and take them to the royal capital's soldiers.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I return to the thief hideout and recover the fainted fake Ropo to question him.<br/>
<br/>
"Now then, you'll be telling me your relationship with Ropo."<br/>
"Hmph, like I'd talk to you bastard--"<br/>
<br/>
I can call Pochi-sensei and Tama-sensei here, but let's just threaten him normally.<br/>
I cut a steel armor that's in the room in half with a magic sword in my hand.<br/>
<br/>
"I wonder if you'd still utter the same thing after losing your limbs?"<br/>
<br/>
I don't actually intend to carry it out, although those can be restored with high magic potion.<br/>
<br/>
"--That cold-blooded face is serious huh."<br/>
<br/>
Apparently, Poker Face skill is doing a good job.<br/>
<br/>
"I'd rather be killed here than selling Head."<br/>
<br/>
Fake Ropo pretends to be tough with shaking voice.<br/>
<br/>
"Do you have a long history with Ropo?"<br/>
"Yeah.... Since I was a petty thief in Holy Kingdom Parion, it's already more than 10 years huh--"<br/>
<br/>
Despite saying that he'd rather be killed, he began to leak out information like it's normal, maybe it's due to Negotiation and Questioning skills.<br/>
Apparently, the person himself doesn't seem to notice that fact.<br/>
<br/>
"--Propor-aniki was going to do something big in Shiga Kingdom, so we came here to prepare the preliminary work y'see--"<br/>
"Hou, that famous Mirage huh."<br/>
"Hehee, Aniki is awesome."<br/>
<br/>
Fake Ropo smoothly told the situation surrounding him like a drunk man.<br/>
I got [Confession Inducement] skill before I knew it. I allocate points to it since it seems useful.<br/>
<br/>
The item that this guy used was given to him by Mirage Propor he said.<br/>
<br/>
....Wait, his story earlier was a bit strange.<br/>
<br/>
The positions of Ropor and this guy should have been like the subcontractors of Mirage.<br/>
I understand if Ropor sees Shinkiro as his aniki (elder brother/senior), but shouldn't this guy refer to him as ojiki? <TLN: Sort of "uncle" version of aniki I guess.><br/>
The custom might be different, but let's try confirming it.<br/>
<br/>
"Mirage Propor isn't your ojiki but your aniki?"<br/>
"Isn't that a given? He's my aniki who took me out of the slum."<br/>
"Wasn't it Ropor?"<br/>
"But of course--Head is a benefactor."<br/>
"Benefactor of what?"<br/>
"What, you ask.... I wonder what?"<br/>
<br/>
Fake Ropor falls silence with a dubious face.<br/>
He looks similar to Baron Muno and the others who were manipulated by the demon's mind magic.<br/>
<br/>
--My Crisis Perception is reacting.<br/>
<br/>
A silver light flies, aiming for me and Fake Ropor.<br/>
I catch that with [Magic Hand] and put it into my Storage, and counterattacked the invisible assailant without preparation.<br/>
<br/>
"How did you know my location zamasu?"<br/>
<br/>
Ropor who flew from my kick raises his head from the debris.<br/>
<br/>
--Zamasu?!<br/>
<br/>
Ignoring the fake Ropor who's screaming behind, I kick Ropor who's standing up again.<br/>
Breaking the defense he had formed by crossing his arms, I kicked him again to the debris.<br/>
<br/>
Looks like he's camouflaging from the magic essence, his information has disappeared from the AR reading.<br/>
Then let's bluff here.<br/>
<br/>
"--What's the green demon doing in a place like this?"<br/>
<br/>
Hearing my words, Ropor's face becomes like a Noh mask.<br/>
On his right left arm, I found the same bracelet that the fake Ropor was wearing.<br/>
<br/>
"To be found out by a mere level 50 white haired kid like this, how pathetic zamasu."<br/>
<br/>
I take out the holy sword Durandal from Storage and slash at Ropor who's cackling like a frog, or to be exact, the green demon with it.<br/>
<br/>
Of course, the aim is the bracelet on its left arm.<br/>
<br/>
I smash the countless ice swords that have appeared around the demon with [Break Magic] chantlessly, and cut its left arm with Durandal in my hand.<br/>
I tried to put the bracelet together with the falling left arm into the Storage, but it was repelled.<br/>
<br/>
--Then.<br/>
<br/>
I incinerate its left arm with [Forge] magic.<br/>
<br/>
The heat from the blast blows the underground thief hideout into pieces.<br/>
I don't intend to be a man-killer, so I reluctantly protect the fake Ropor with [Flexible Shield] and [Shelter] magic.<br/>
<br/>
Surprisingly, the bracelet persists even while covered in flame.<br/>
I catch the bracelet inside the flame with [Magic Hand], and put it into the Storage this time.<br/>
<br/>
And then, the green demon splits the smoke, attacking me.<br/>
Matching its name, it's holding a green magic sword in its hand.<br/>
<br/>
I merely bend my body to evade the attacking magic sword, and then swing the holy sword while in unnatural stance, cutting its body in half.<br/>
I felt slight resistant cutting an opponent that looked exactly like a human, but since the inside was a demon, carelessly holding back would bring a chance for it, so I hardened my heart.<br/>
<br/>
Just like yesterday, the blood spilling from it produce white smoke.<br/>
From between the white smoke gaps, I see the mock body that has been split standing. It feels surreal since it looks like a human.<br/>
<br/>
As I stare at the crumbling mock body, its information is displayed on the AR reading like usual.<br/>
<br/>
Its name has become, [Ropor(Fake)], and the race is [Human(Demon)].<br/>
Looks like it can still disguise itself even without the bracelet, but its original state can't deceive my Menu.<br/>
<br/>
I record the information on the AR before it disappears along with black smoke.<br/>
It seems it has disguise, hiding, camouflage skills, along with [Mind Magic] and [Ice Magic].<br/>
<br/>
"--Let's end the opening act. We will be back with the enthronement of His Highness. Enjoy your short-lived peace while you can zamasu!"<br/>
<br/>
The mock body completely disappeared after leaving such parting threat.<br/>
<br/>
....Apparently, it can't hide its ending word when it's worked up.<br/>
<br/>
The marker of the mock body has disappeared from the map.<br/>
Looks like the mock body was treated like it had died when it disappeared, so it's gone from the marker column.<br/>
<br/>
When I check on it, the [Thief God Harness] bracelet that I've collected from the green demon and the fake Ropor is a set of three items.<br/>
In addition to having the effect of inhibiting recognition and manipulating your own information, it can also let the people who equip it to exchange their locations by teleport.<br/>
<br/>
Since I had nothing to lose, I tried searching for the last one, and found the owner in an orphanage in the outer circumference of the Royal Capital.<br/>
Now then, I guess I'll settle this before the breakfast--<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Boy. Is that bandana yours?"<br/>
<br/>
I ask the white haired boy who's drawing water from the orphanage's water well.<br/>
The boy has the name Shin like a Japanese would, but his face looks like a Caucasian.<br/>
<br/>
"--That's right."<br/>
<br/>
Shin boy hits the bandana with his hand after faltering a bit.<br/>
This bandana is the last of [Thief God Harness]. There's a closed eye picture drawn on the forehead part.<br/>
<br/>
"Where did you get it?"<br/>
"I got it from a dead old beggar who was squashed under the debris during the monsters attack before."<br/>
<br/>
....Fumu, so that old man was the original owner huh.<br/>
No, there's a possibility that Shin boy is in disguise.<br/>
<br/>
"Let me borrow it for a bit."<br/>
"Ah--"<br/>
<br/>
I snatch Shin boy's bandana with [Magic Hand].<br/>
Shin boy leaked out voice of surprise since it seemed he never thought that I would snatch it while crossing my arms.<br/>
<br/>
His name and race don't change even without the bandana. His level is still 3 too.<br/>
The places that have changed are the Skill column and Detail column. His [One-handed Sword] skill disappears and [Pain Resistance] skill appears, his detailed information changes into blank. <br/>
<br/>
Oh wait, his title has increased too--this is?!<br/>
<br/>
I prevent looking surprised with Poker Face skill, and ask the protesting boy.<br/>
<br/>
"What did you do before coming to this orphanage?"<br/>
"Dunno."<br/>
"There's no way you don't know right?"<br/>
"It's true. I don't have any memory before I was picked up by the director here."<br/>
<br/>
Shin boy shouts on verge of becoming angry.<br/>
<br/>
Judging from his appearance, he doesn't seem to be lying.<br/>
Considering his blank detail, his memory loss is probably a fact.<br/>
<br/>
"Hero, demon lord, highness--Do you recognize any of those words?"<br/>
"I've heard about heroes and demon lords from aunties' stories who came to the orphanage. As for 'highness', the princess and the plump man at the academy were called that."<br/>
<br/>
I ask for more details from Shin boy, it seems to be about princess Menea and Souya-kun the illegitimate child.<br/>
Come to think of it, the name Shin came out in Arisa's story too.<br/>
<br/>
"Last question. What's your relationship with the dead beggar?"<br/>
"He was an old man who often talked about something I didn't understand whenever he found me."<br/>
"What kind of talk?"<br/>
<br/>
Shin boy seems to dislike the old man, he looks fed up.<br/>
<br/>
"'What do you think of freedom, or enthronement, or sacrifice', those complete nonsense."<br/>
<br/>
Freely offering sacrifices for the enthronement huh.<br/>
That old man might have been a member of Light of Liberty.<br/>
<br/>
"....He-hey, if you want that bandana, I'll sell it to you for one copp-no one silver coin."<br/>
<br/>
Shin boy talked so, what a godsend.<br/>
I'd be hesitant to take away a keepsake, but if it can be solved with money, then it's a simple matter.<br/>
<br/>
At any rate, leaving this item alone is too dangerous.<br/>
<br/>
"Very well, I'll buy it."<br/>
<br/>
I give him a silver coin together with a black bandana from my Storage.<br/>
<br/>
"....This is?"<br/>
"Wear that instead. It's a cheap item but it's better than nothing right?"<br/>
"Y-yeah....I'll take it."<br/>
<br/>
Shin boy tries to behave curtly, but his mouth loosens.<br/>
Looks like he's pleased with the homemade recognition inhibition black bandana.<br/>
<br/>
"Farewell. Boy."<br/>
<br/>
I turn my back from Shin Boy--Hero Shin, and leave that place.<br/>
<br/>
Yes, he was concealing the title [Hero].<br/>
I gave him the recognition inhibition bandana in order to hide his title.<br/>
<br/>
It might be good to give him a holy wooden sword for training the next time we meet.<br/>
I'll consult about him with a real hero, Hikaru.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
