<br/>
<br/>
13-7. Scattering Bait<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. Talking about scattering bait, I recall the time when I went fishing with sabiki rig on breakwaters during my childhood. I remember getting slightly frightened by the fish that reacted furiously to the scattering krill bait.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Sir Pendragon, is this the item that you want to exhibit on the auction the day after tomorrow?"<br/>
"The reception period for that one is already over, so I'm thinking of displaying this for the auction next month."<br/>
<br/>
The older generation viscounts from the royal capital are looking at the jewel I've put in front of me with sparkling eyes.<br/>
<br/>
I've come to the social salon after the kingdom conference is over, showing off a jewel made from Blood Bead there.<br/>
Of course it's not for boasting or satisfying my vanity, but to lure out the thieves who have been making havoc in the royal castle during the lunch break.<br/>
<br/>
This Blood Bead was one of the item the True Ancestor Ban got from the floormaster, it's mainly used as an ingredient for healing and stamina recovery magic potions.<br/>
It seems it's rarely ever used for making disposable magic potion like I'm doing.<br/>
<br/>
It's a lesser version of Blood Sphere that I also received together with it, but this Blood Bead itself is quite a rare material, it can only be gotten as a rare drop of the Blood Stalker monsters that infest the Bloodsucking Labyrinth in Saga Empire.<br/>
<br/>
I saw with my own eyes when Ban and his vampire princesses easily made the thing though, so I don't feel like it's something that valuable.<br/>
<br/>
"I thought this was a Ruby, but this is a Blood Bead right."<br/>
"That can't be--The Blood Bead that Bishtal Dukedom has looks more reddish brown doesn't it?"<br/>
"I heard that the brighter the red color of a Blood Bead is, the higher quality it is."<br/>
"With a Blood Bead this clear, just how valuable is it..."<br/>
<br/>
At the very least, it's valuable enough to dazzle upper ranked nobles of a large kingdom who are used to luxurious items.<br/>
...It might have been better if I brought something more moderate, like a fist-sized ruby or emerald or something.<br/>
<br/>
The reaction was bigger than I thought, so this is probably going to make a bigger rumor than planned.<br/>
It was a bit conspicuous, but it's nothing compared to when I exterminated a [Floormaster], and when I became a viscount.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Now then, I'll leave it to the nobles and the maids who were there to work spreading the rumor, while I'm preparing the site for the jewel.<br/>
Even now, I haven't made the trap for thieves that I was thinking of making when we first came to the royal capital.<br/>
<br/>
I should make the thief trap when I'm checking the place for tonight power-leveling in the labyrinth.<br/>
First, I write some simple plan on the memo pad.<br/>
I have made one in the labyrinth city mansion, so let's improve that and make a version 2.<br/>
<br/>
Next the preparation for the material.<br/>
I'll cut the exceedingly hard wall of the labyrinth with a holy sword, and use it as the building material.<br/>
I've stocked up a lot of liquid from tree-type monsters that have powerful adhesion, so there's no problem on that part.<br/>
<br/>
In just 30 minutes, I made a seven-meter tall cube structure as the thief trap.<br/>
I've put three-dimensional maze-shaped passages together, and various non-lethal traps inside it.<br/>
The passages is too narrow to stand inside, you can barely able to crawl in it, I've also prepared dead-ends here and there.<br/>
<br/>
It's probably going to take around one hour to reach the treasure room if you move in it normally.<br/>
Thieves that can employ or summon small creatures can probably invade the treasure room easily, but I can just prepare treasures that can only be moved when you have at least certain amount of strength.<br/>
<br/>
Next I just have to bury this in the garden of my mansion in the royal capital.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I return to the royal castle with teleportation and get back to my mansion with a carriage from there.<br/>
It seems I took too much time in the labyrinth, Zena-san's marker who was in my mansion before I had gone to the labyrinth is now in Earl Seryuu's mansion.<br/>
<br/>
After changing my clothes, I ask Arisa about Zena-san while relaxing in the living room.<br/>
<br/>
"Has Zena-san gone back already?"<br/>
"Yup, there was a messenger from the Earl calling her back."<br/>
<br/>
Hm~m, did some emergency happen?<br/>
I should ask Echigoya Firm if there's any information later.<br/>
<br/>
Pochi and Tama who are playing in the garden show their faces on the window of the living room.<br/>
<br/>
"Prey~?"<br/>
"Master, we caught a suspicious person nodesu."<br/>
<br/>
Apparently, the rumor has shown its effect already.<br/>
I go to the garden through the back door, and inspect the thief the two have caught.<br/>
<br/>
According to AR reading, he's a member of [Long-armed Ape].<br/>
He's probably a remnant of the thieves who attacked us when we first arrived in the royal capital.<br/>
<br/>
Looking at the map, I see a luminous point moving from this mansion toward the downtown.<br/>
I put a marker on it for now, I'll arrest it after the meal.<br/>
<br/>
"Now then, suspicious person-kun. Why don't we have you talk on whose order you intruded here?"<br/>
"H-hmph. You think this great me will talk?"<br/>
"Of course you will--"<br/>
<br/>
I use sound isolation magic and cover ourselves with earth wall magic and then begin the questioning.<br/>
<br/>
"--Do it."<br/>
"Prepared~?"<br/>
"Suffering of hell is waiting nodesu."<br/>
<br/>
With my instruction, Tama and Pochi begin the torture.<br/>
Inside the soundproof space, laughter of the suspicious person is echoing.<br/>
<br/>
In order to help Tama and Pochi who are tickling the man happily, I use [Air Control] magic to restraint the air flow. Now the number of time he's suffocating should go up.<br/>
<br/>
The suspicious person gave up after an hour.<br/>
Looks like he's more tight-lipped than I thought.<br/>
<br/>
"--We were ordered by the boss to steal the orbs that were carried by the airship rode by Duke Bishtal y'se. I heard that orb-like things were in this Viscount's mansion--"<br/>
<br/>
The suspicious person talks while grasping for breath.<br/>
Fumu, so they were aiming for the orbs when they attacked us during our travel to the royal capital....<br/>
<br/>
The people that we captured earlier seems to be the execution unit's leader.<br/>
I search these guys' boss on the map.<br/>
<br/>
....not applicable?<br/>
<br/>
"What's the name of your boss?"<br/>
"Ro-Ropo."<br/>
<br/>
I searched that name this time, but I couldn't find it.<br/>
<br/>
"Looks like the torture wasn't enough."<br/>
<br/>
I instruct Pochi to break a cheap bronze sword with her fingers.<br/>
The suspicious person insists on his innocence when he saw that.<br/>
<br/>
"W-wait! I'm not telling a lie!"<br/>
<br/>
His expression looks real, but I shouldn't take the words of a thief seriously.<br/>
I instruct Tama and Pochi to resume the torture.<br/>
<br/>
『Master, Lulu said that the preparation for the crab nabe has been finished.』<br/>
"Okay, I'm going back now."<br/>
<br/>
Sound couldn't reach here, so Arisa contacted me with space magic.<br/>
<br/>
The nabe is more important than torturing the thief.<br/>
I tie the thief with a rope and leave him unattended on the earth wall. Even if he gets out of the rope, I can just capture him again when I raid the thief's hideout.<br/>
<br/>
"Now then, you two let's have a dinner."<br/>
"Aye!"<br/>
"Yes nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
I take the two along back to the mansion.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I'm listening to everyone's activities in the royal academy during the dinner.<br/>
<br/>
"Geez, you see, Mia has become a teacher instead of a student. I was surprised you know."<br/>
"Nn, sur-prise."<br/>
<br/>
Mia shows a peace sign toward Arisa while smiling triumphantly.<br/>
There's no problem since I was planning to let her work as a teacher in-training in the first place.<br/>
<br/>
"Underling~?"<br/>
"That's right nanodesu. Master, please listen to Pochi's story nodesu."<br/>
<br/>
Pochi who was urged by Tama tells about the event in the knight school.<br/>
Apparently, the two have gotten some underlings.<br/>
<br/>
And then, Arisa cut in trying to say something after she's finished a bowl of crab rice porridge.<br/>
<br/>
"You see--"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa is hesitating.<br/>
<br/>
"Did you do something bad?"<br/>
"Will you get angry?"<br/>
"It depends on the content. Quickly say it."<br/>
"Uu, it's not something that bad you know..."<br/>
<br/>
Then why are you hesitating.<br/>
<br/>
"I became a friend with the princess ."<br/>
"With Princess Menea?"<br/>
<br/>
If you're talking about a princess who's attending the royal academy, I know only Princess Menea.<br/>
Arisa shakes her head.<br/>
<br/>
"Not that one. Her highness Sistina."<br/>
<br/>
--Highness again huh.<br/>
<TLN: A good time to tell you that the word [殿下​] (Denka) for [His/Her Highness] is gender neutral in Japanese.><br/>
<br/>
However, I feel like I've heard the name Sistina before.<br/>
....That's right, the curt princess of the forbidden library should have that name.<br/>
<br/>
Apparently, Arisa became friend with her with magic talk as the impetus.<br/>
<br/>
"Then you see, we were invited to a tea party by the princess."<br/>
"Eh~, isn't that great. Together with Mia?"<br/>
"Nn."<br/>
<br/>
Mia nods.<br/>
Arisa mutters sheepishly, "Master too."<br/>
<br/>
"Don't tell me, I was invited to the tea party by the princess too?"<br/>
"Y-Yup."<br/>
<br/>
I see, no wonder she hesitated to say it.<br/>
<br/>
Princess Sistina is free now ever since she canceled her engagement with Earl Lesseu.<br/>
If I come to her tea party, the surrounding will misunderstand as me trying to be her spouse.<br/>
<br/>
There's no way that Arisa doesn't understand such a thing, she must be quite fond of the princess.<br/>
I don't mind getting some rumor for this.<br/>
<br/>
"You don't have to look like that. I'll go to the princess's tea party."<br/>
"....Is it alright?"<br/>
"Yeah, it's not like I have an ulterior motive anyway, there's no problem if I regard it as an extension of the tea party organized by the noble wives."<br/>
<br/>
Moreover, Princess Sistina was robbed the status of a territory lord's wife due to a mid-level demon devastating Lesseu Earldom, so the chance of her being the [Highness] is probably low.<br/>
<br/>
--It's a different story if Lesseu Earldom was partially destroyed because she wanted to cancel the engagement though.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
After the dinner, and setting the thief trap in the garden, I raided the hideout of the criminal guild [Long-armed Ape] as Kuro, and succeeded arresting all the members.<br/>
I had stationed Arisa and Tama on top of the nearby water towers in case they escaped, but it ends up being needless. <br/>
<br/>
A mysterious presence suddenly appears when I've just completed the arrest.<br/>
<br/>
"--Aiming for my limbs like this, you daredevil."<br/>
<br/>
I jump aside to evade the flying blade that appears together with a glint of silver light.<br/>
Before I knew it, a man in green attire, holding two curved swords, has appeared there.<br/>
<br/>
According to AR reading, his name is [Ropo], level 66.<br/>
<br/>
--Strange. He didn't exist when I searched awhile ago.<br/>
<br/>
While warding off the twin curved swords' attacks, I put a marker on him.<br/>
His swordsmanship is relatively good, but he's not an enemy of me who has [Foresight: Anti-personnel Combat] skill.<br/>
<br/>
"I see, it seems you're quite skilled--"<br/>
<br/>
The man who mutters like he has some leeway tries to strike me again continuously.<br/>
This time I evade the attack without blocking it, and cut his green mask before he can pull back his swords.<br/>
<br/>
The face looks familiar.<br/>
It's the same face as Propor the [Mirage], the executive of [Light of Liberty] who succeeded summoning parts of Demon God.<br/>
Propor and Roppo, their names are similar too. They might be relatives.<br/>
<br/>
Now then, let's stop playing with the swords now and neutralize him with a palm strike like usual.<br/>
<br/>
--Suddenly, the guy acted strangely.<br/>
<br/>
He thrusts his own sword toward his own chest.<br/>
The blood gushing from the wound spray toward me.<br/>
<br/>
--My Crisis Perception reacts for some reason.<br/>
<br/>
I jump back to evade getting bathed in the blood.<br/>
White smoke raise from the floor that's hit by the blood as if hit by strong acid.<br/>
<br/>
The man is gone.<br/>
In the instant the white smoke appeared when I didn't check him, he had escaped to the other room.<br/>
<br/>
The members of [Long-armed Ape] who are in the other room have all been killed.<br/>
It's probably to prevent them from talking. He sure is quick to cut them off even though he said they were his limbs or something.<br/>
<br/>
I open the map in the room that smells of iron.<br/>
<br/>
--it's not there?<br/>
<br/>
The marker that shows him is not reflected on the map.<br/>
<br/>
Perhaps he used shadow magic?<br/>
I think that as a possibility and then check the marker column of the map.<br/>
<br/>
--Impossible.<br/>
<br/>
The name 'Ropo' isn't written there too.<br/>
Marked people are written on the marker column even if they are inside shadow magic or barriers made by Yuika's Unique Skill....<br/>
<br/>
He might have a type of Unique Skill that I don't know.<br/>
<br/>
He's either a hero, a demon, or a demon lord....<br/>
At the very least, it's probably okay to consider him related to the real [Highness].<br/>
<br/>
I collected all the things besides the corpses in the hideout and then returned home.<br/>
I pray that there are things that contain information about [Highness] among them.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
