<br/>
<br/>
13-26. The Third Auction Day<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. For examinations, for the first date, when I was making preparation for them, I often felt more anxious the more I did. I feel that that anxiety loosened up once I learned how to dump a bit of my enthusiasm. <br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Good morning, we've come to met you."<br/>
<br/>
Zena-san whose smile has a trace of shadow comes to do a morning greet.<br/>
<br/>
I've been too busy I feel that I've hardly talked to Zena-san lately.<br/>
Once I got my hands on the Chant Orb, I'd invite Zena-san and go on a Royal Capital picnic. Our girls will be happy too.<br/>
<br/>
Today Zena Squad is going to escort Arisa and Mia to the royal castle.<br/>
<br/>
I was actually invited too, but the third auction day where the [Chant Orb] is being exhibited is more important, so I won't be attending with poor health as the reason.<br/>
<br/>
Arisa who comes to the entrance hall with a cute princess-like dress takes a pose while looking proud.<br/>
After lightly praising her, I tell her what to do when she's asked about the matter yesterday.<br/>
<br/>
"--Then, we should just maintain that we don't know the detail right?"<br/>
"Yeah, that's good enough."<br/>
<br/>
I nod to Arisa.<br/>
<br/>
"Ready."<br/>
<br/>
And then, Mia who had dressed up came to the entrance hall.<br/>
When her eyes meet mine, she twirls on the spot.<br/>
<br/>
When I told her that she was cute, she satisfyingly replied, "Nn".<br/>
<br/>
"Then we'll be going. Do you have something to tell to her highness?"<br/>
"Nothing in particular--tell her my apology for my absence."<br/>
"Un, okay. You work hard too okay!"<br/>
<br/>
I nod to Arisa's encouragement, and send them off after asking Zena-san and her friends to take care of Arisa and Mia.<br/>
<br/>
"Everyone, what's your plan today?"<br/>
<br/>
Returning to the living room, I check the other girls' plans.<br/>
Arisa and Mia aren't here today, so there will be no labyrinth expedition.<br/>
<br/>
"I'll be staying in the kitchen since I want to review the dishes from yesterday."<br/>
<br/>
Lulu asserted with a face full of spirit.<br/>
Looks like she was swinging the kitchen knife in Boruenan Village tree house's kitchen last night.<br/>
<br/>
"Pochi wants to go to the school today nodesu."<br/>
"Hemu coming~"<br/>
"That's right nanodesu. We have a practice with great teacher Hemu nodesu."<br/>
<br/>
I tell the two who are swinging wooden swords with faces full of excitement, "Don't use Magic Edge Cannon since it's dangerous okay."<br/>
They're able to fire Magic Edge Cannon with normal wooden swords recently, so I can't be carelesss.<br/>
<br/>
"I will accompany them and watch over so that they won't make any mistake."<br/>
"I'm relieved to hear that from Liza. I'm counting on you."<br/>
"I will exert the utmost of my poor ability."<br/>
<br/>
I feel like Liza would end up fighting Sir Heim instead, but she probably will refrain.<br/>
<br/>
"We (boku-tachi) will go to the school as usual."<br/>
<br/>
It seems Crow and Shiro like to go to school, it might be better to let them commute to the Royal Capital's academy from now on.<br/>
It might be good to let them teach the children in the Labyrinth City's training school later in the future.<br/>
<br/>
"Crow, your words."<br/>
"--We (watashi-tachi)."<br/>
<br/>
Pointed out by Shiro, Crow corrected her words.<br/>
The noble daughter whom the two get along with probably pointed out that girls using [Boku] is strange.<br/>
<br/>
"What are you going to do Nana?"<br/>
"I'm hoping to do a classroom visitation. Master, please the permission."<br/>
<br/>
--Classroom visitation?<br/>
<br/>
Is there such an event in Shiga Kingdom?<br/>
<br/>
I don't know if the school side would accept it, so I confirm it with the butler who seems to be in the know.<br/>
<br/>
"I am not familiar with the term classroom visitation, however, they should accept parental visit."<br/>
"What should I do to get the permission?"<br/>
"There is no problem if we send them a prior notice. We could send a maid with a letter informing them if Master wish for it today."<br/>
"Please."<br/>
<br/>
A tactful employee like always.<br/>
The butler is the one writing the letter.<br/>
<br/>
I saw off the children, and then a letter came from Sera of Tenion temple when I had gone back to the bedroom to prepare for the feigned illness.<br/>
It's probably about the prophecy I've heard in the royal castle last night.<br/>
<br/>
Sera usually would have come visiting herself, but it seems she's in the royal castle's audience room with other big-wigs of Tenion temple.<br/>
<br/>
I open the letter with a paper knife and read the content inside--<br/>
<br/>
『Ring of flame encircles the world, the moon wakes up』<br/>
<br/>
--so the verse of Sera's prophecy is written.<br/>
<br/>
Looking at the [Moon] and [Wakes up] keywords, I imagine it's about the revival of the demon god, but the meaning is far too different than the 『Fragment of cup breaks, False King is born』 I heard yesterday.<br/>
Above all, if the demon god is really going to be revived, all the gods should have issued the same warning.<br/>
<br/>
It's probably much ado about nothing, probably something like an annular solar eclipse.<br/>
It's normal for a world without scientific progress to treat solar and lunar eclipse as natural disasters.<br/>
<br/>
I write a letter to thank Sera and give it to a maid, tell her that I can't meet anyone who comes and stay in the room.<br/>
Now then, I have to go out soon.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Kuro-sama, I've been waiting for you!"<br/>
<br/>
The manager met me with sweet voice.<br/>
Today she's not dressed in her usual sharp director-style dress, but a refined-looking normal noble daughter dress.<br/>
<br/>
It's similar to the dress that an earl daughter was boasting in the tea party yesterday.<br/>
<br/>
Confirming it, it seems to be made from the same workshop.<br/>
The price is unreasonable at 30 gold coins, but that's probably not much considering the manager's yearly income.<br/>
<br/>
"Now! Let's go!"<br/>
"Please wait--"<br/>
<br/>
Tifaliza's wise voice stops the manager who was going to link her arms wrapped in white gloves to mine.<br/>
<br/>
"--Manager, you forget to report the information from the prime minister."<br/>
"I-I know."<br/>
<br/>
Under the ice-like gaze of Tifaliza, the manager clears her throat with a cough.<br/>
<br/>
"I was going to report it once we settle down in the noble seats of the auction hall."<br/>
"In truth, you forgot about since you could go on a date with Kuro-sama right?"<br/>
<br/>
An executive girl who appeared from the room's entrance teased the manager who was making an excuse.<br/>
When the manager sent a sharp glance to her, she went to the finance room next door while saying, "scary scary."<br/>
<br/>
The manager looks embarrassed with a red face.<br/>
<br/>
....Sheesh.<br/>
<br/>
We're going to the battlefield (auction), and yet there's not enough seriousness.<br/>
<br/>
"Do that after you've completed your duty."<br/>
"Y-yes! I'll serve with my whole heart!"<br/>
<br/>
For some reason, the manager's face is blushing harder than earlier even though I scolded her.<br/>
It seems she questionably misunderstood the [Duty] part.<br/>
<br/>
"Kuro-sama, forgive me for my audacity, but allow me to report myself. Last night, the prime minister--"<br/>
<br/>
Without giving the manager the chance to speak, Tifaliza smoothly tells me about the prophecy.<br/>
She even told me about the interpretation of the prophecy and who told what.<br/>
<br/>
Unfortunately, there's no new information it seems.<br/>
<br/>
After thanking Tifaliza, I head toward the auction hall with the manager.<br/>
The executives in charge of the auction should be waiting in the meeting place already.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"We've been waiting for you. We've heard the story from his excellency prime minister. Please submit the orbs for the exhibition."<br/>
<br/>
I take the orbs from my Storage and give it to the supervisor of the auction hall.<br/>
Of course the three dangerous orbs like the Demon Summoning one are not for the exhibition, so I'm still carrying it.<br/>
<br/>
--Wait for me. You'll be mine this noon.<br/>
<br/>
I speak to the [Chant] orb that's on the supervisor's hand.<br/>
Of course there's no way it'll reply.<br/>
<br/>
To the person who has appraisal skill beside the supervisor--<br/>
<br/>
"W-what are you"<br/>
<br/>
The supervisor's face becomes cramped when he sees the appraiser has sunk into the wall.<br/>
Fumu, an explanation is needed huh.<br/>
<br/>
"That man is a thief. I'll take off the camouflage magic tool from his chest, let the man over there appraise it."<br/>
<br/>
While doubting my words, the supervisor directs another appraiser.<br/>
<br/>
"Th-this is a magic tool of 『Job Disguise』. I-it's just as the person of Duke Mitsukuni has said, this man is a thief."<br/>
"No way! We have only employed people with trustworthy birth and parentage...."<br/>
<br/>
Unlike the supervisor who's making an excuse, the other people in the room tie the thief that's been turned into a mess and takes him away.<br/>
I feel like I've gone a bit too far, but there is no mercy against thieves.<br/>
<br/>
Right, there might be others too.<br/>
Squeezing the area around the auction hall, I search the map.<br/>
<br/>
--One, two, three....<br/>
<br/>
--Damn you pest (thieves).<br/>
<br/>
I'll let you regret stepping into this place aiming for my 『Chant Orb』.<br/>
I won't take their life, but I'll make their bodies unable to take anything but liquid food for half a month.<br/>
<br/>
"I'll dispose of the other pest (thieves)."<br/>
<br/>
After declaring so, I check the routes to the targets. I open the closed door with [Clairvoyance] and [Magic Hand] magic, securing the routes.<br/>
I fire [Remote Stuns] with dummy chant, sweeping off the auction hall.<br/>
In order to prevent any victim other than the targets, I pick the course to be near the ceiling.<br/>
<br/>
I know from the map that the Remote Stun bullets have hit the targets one after another.<br/>
<br/>
It seems two of them have avoided the first bullet, but that's no more than a useless resistance.<br/>
In fact, the thieves lost their consciousness after getting hit from successive bullets.<br/>
<br/>
Fuffuffuu, the evils are destroyed.<br/>
<br/>
"Kuro-sama?"<br/>
"It's alright. This much is within my expectation dayo (you see)."<br/>
<br/>
I show a relieving smile toward the manager who looks worried.<br/>
<br/>
"Dayo?"<br/>
<TLN: This makes him sound kinda merry.><br/>
<br/>
The manager tilts her head wonderingly.<br/>
Oops--my original way of speaking that's not like Kuro's came out.<br/>
<br/>
"Do not worry about small things."<br/>
"Y-yes...."<br/>
<br/>
I have to be cooler--.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I look around at the dumbfounded people.<br/>
The supervisor keeps opening and closing his mouth, since he seems useless, I talk to the site supervisor who looks responsible.<br/>
<br/>
"What are you getting absentminded for. There are two on the second floor, two in the warehouse, and one in front of the underground vault. Arrest them quick."<br/>
"Y-Yes!"<br/>
<br/>
The site supervisor directs his subordinates to arrest them, and runs to the underground vault himself.<br/>
Good grief, I'd have liked it if they got a grip on themselves before the sweeping.<br/>
<br/>
After confirming with my own eyes that the Chant Orb has been stored in the underground vault, we head to the upper noble participant waiting room led by a usherette.<br/>
In addition, I was warned by the usherette not to use magic in the meeting place.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"--That is all of the procedures for bidding in the auction."<br/>
<br/>
The explanation was long, but it's not that special.<br/>
One thing I find unusual is that you have to report the feasible amount of money you have for the bid beforehand, [You cannot bid if the bidding price is more than that amount].<br/>
<br/>
"Is there any question?"<br/>
"Can you get the item you've successfully bid immediately?"<br/>
<br/>
There are many things I want to hear, but I'll confirm the most important one.<br/>
<br/>
"No, it will be delivered during the recess on the first floor. The guards in charge of the delivery will be stand by the successful bidder, so please be advised."<br/>
<br/>
It seems they don't bring the won item to the waiting room in order to prevent crime.<br/>
<br/>
The auction will have three two-hour bidding time and one-hour rest time each, nine hours in total.<br/>
I thought the rest time was too long when I first heard it, but it seems there's a reason for that.<br/>
<br/>
The door is knocked and then a woman along with guards enter.<br/>
<br/>
"It seems the official appraiser has come. Then, sorry for the inconvenience, but would you please present the money for the bid."<br/>
<br/>
Urged by the usherette, I open the Item Box and take out bags with gold coins inside.<br/>
I arrange them on the table one by one. Each one has 100 gold coins inside.<br/>
<br/>
"Amazing...."<br/>
"As expected of the house of duke even though they've just emerged."<br/>
<br/>
Attentive Ears skill picked up the maids waiting near the wall talking in low voice.<br/>
<br/>
I keep putting the gold coin bags on the table without minding it.<br/>
<br/>
"Eh...."<br/>
"U-um...."<br/>
<br/>
The usherette and even the appraiser look surprised.<br/>
They should have gotten used seeing only this much--what strange people.<br/>
<br/>
The table can't hold the gold coin bags any longer, so I call the two.<br/>
<br/>
"Looks like the table's legs have been broken. Do you mind if I put the rest on the floor?"<br/>
<br/>
The usherette, the appraiser and even the guards behind them aren't replying with their mouths hanging open.<br/>
Please answer immediately with YES or NO.<br/>
<br/>
I interpreted the silence as YES, so I put gold coin bags one after another on the floor, and then the usherette finally moves.<br/>
<br/>
"P-please wait!"<br/>
"What is it? Is the floor giving in?"<br/>
"No, that's not it!"<br/>
<br/>
The usherette whose atmosphere feels like she's from the high society is swinging her arms buzzingly with a face that suits her age.<br/>
It's cute, but isn't that bad for her work?<br/>
<br/>
"How many gold coins have you prepared?!"<br/>
"For now, it's around 300.000 pieces?"<br/>
<br/>
If that's not enough, around 10 million gold coins of Furu Empire are waiting in my storage you know?<br/>
<br/>
"D-do you want to bid the whole city!?"<br/>
<br/>
--How exaggerated.<br/>
<br/>
"Calm down. You are being discourteous."<br/>
"P-please forgive me...."<br/>
<br/>
The usherette droops after getting persuaded by the appraiser.<br/>
<br/>
"Either way, it is impossible for me to judge that much. I'll sequentially inspect several samples, afterward please take the notes for the indicated amount of money." <br/>
<br/>
The appraiser said so and then appraised about three bags.<br/>
In the end, even though I have only showed them 300 bags for the 30.000 gold coins, they give me 30 notes for bidding that indicate 10.000 gold coins each.<br/>
<br/>
It seems the amount of money for the bidding is announced through the loudspeaker while these notes are being posted.<br/>
Since the appraiser only brought five 10.000 gold coin notes, the remaining 25 were delivered to the room later.<br/>
<br/>
And then, after waiting for around an hour.<br/>
<br/>
The announcement for the opening of the third auction day is broadcasted.<br/>
<br/>
"--Then, let's go."<br/>
"Yes, Kuro-sama."<br/>
<br/>
I lead the manager by hands, walking toward the noble seats of the auction hall while linking arms.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The auction (battle) finally begins!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
