<br/>
<br/>
13-27. The Third Auction Day (2)<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. I like Hollywood movies. I can't get enough of the characters escaping dangers one after another without even having the chance to breath. However, I think calm and quiet are better in reality.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The auction has begun.<br/>
Around 300 people are sitting on the college hall-like mortar-shaped hall.<br/>
The noble seats area that we are located at sticks out on the inside of the hall like a balcony, and there are several of it.<br/>
Looks like there are around 30 of it in total.<br/>
<br/>
According to the pamphlet as the substitute of the usherette, the orb auction is after the very first one, so it looks like I'll be bored for an hour.<br/>
<br/>
『Everyone! This [Farsight Scope] was excavated from a treasure chest in the 1-3 area of Selbira's Labyrinth--』<br/>
<br/>
The host is explaining the exhibited item while holding a mic in one hand.<br/>
There was no explanation who the exhibitor is.<br/>
<br/>
The bid began before long, but--<br/>
<br/>
『10 gold coins』<br/>
『10 gold coins and two silver coins』<br/>
『10 gold coins and four silver coins』<br/>
『11 gold coins』<br/>
<br/>
And such, the bidding amounts are very tight.<br/>
<br/>
The auction hall is slightly dim, spotlights are highlighting the host and the bidders who raise their notes.<br/>
Looks like the light will highlight the bidder who raises their notes, so they'll know the one who raises their notes immediately.<br/>
<br/>
In case there are several people who raise their notes, they'll highlight them from the fastest one in turn.<br/>
<br/>
『14 gold coins』<br/>
『....Since no one bids anymore, it's a successful bid. The winner of [Farsight Scope] is number 921!』<br/>
<br/>
Rounds of applause are echoing in the hall once the host declared a successful bid.<br/>
The sound don't match the moving hands, so it's probably sound effects from some magic tool.<br/>
<br/>
It seems they don't announce the bidder's name but their number.<br/>
Rather than for avoiding needless confusion, it's for hiding the bidder's identity no doubt.<br/>
By the way, my bidder number is number three. It's probably because I'm here as a delegate of Duke Mitsukuni house.<br/>
<br/>
Still, I don't know whether it's because the bidders are mainly lower nobles or military men, but the winning bids are all only at 30% of the market price.<br/>
The people in this hall are probably aiming for the [Blessing Orbs].<br/>
Looks like I have a lot of rivals.<br/>
<br/>
There were some interesting magic tools that were exhibited, but I wait for the [Blessing Orbs] auction without attempting an affair.<br/>
<br/>
"Kuro-sama, please calm down. You don't have to be so worried, we will absolutely win the bid."<br/>
<br/>
The manager who's sitting beside me persuades me while warmly gazing like a kind mother.<br/>
So I really shouldn't have let out, "Gununu" sound, or maybe staring hard at the noble seat restraint restlessly was bad... no, it has to be because I'm unconsciously tapping my foot....<br/>
<br/>
I cough once, and then reply the manager with a voice full of dignity.<br/>
<br/>
"There is no need to worry. I am calm."<br/>
"Yes, of course."<br/>
<br/>
The manager nods and then presents me with a glass of carbonated fruit water.<br/>
I'm bothered with her kind mother-like expression, but this is just right as I feel thirsty.<br/>
<br/>
I gulp it and then refreshing sensation slides down my throat.<br/>
<br/>
"Another glass please."<br/>
"Yes."<br/>
<br/>
After drinking the second glass, I feel calmed down.<br/>
Looks like I was a bit too eager.<br/>
<br/>
I have to calm down until the real thing.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
And then, the long-awaited [Blessing Orbs]'s turn came.<br/>
This time there are eight orbs that are going to be displayed, they are our [Water Magic], [Paralyze Resistance], Jeril's [Light Magic], [Chant] and other people's [Transport], [Great Sword], [Arithmetic], and [Horticulture].<br/>
<br/>
The plan should have been that the less interesting items are to be exhibited first, but it seems the management side are worried the bids would be sombre.<br/>
They feature the highlight, [Light Magic] right from the outset.<br/>
<br/>
It seems they're right on the money--.<br/>
<br/>
『150 gold coins!』<br/>
『153 gold coins!』<br/>
『160 gold coins!』<br/>
<br/>
--The price rises rapidly.<br/>
<br/>
"The rise is worse than I thought...."<br/>
<br/>
The manager beside me tilts her head in puzzlement.<br/>
That reminds me, I've heard from the guildmaster and Jeril in Labyrinth City that, "It was bid for 3000 gold coins 200 years ago.", so this might be lacking.<br/>
<br/>
『...920...gold coins!』<br/>
『930 gold coins!』<br/>
『...931...gold coins!』<br/>
<br/>
The price gradually rises, but the end isn't quite in sight yet.<br/>
The competition from people from distinguished military families and upper nobles are fierce, maybe because possessing [Light Magic] skill is one of the requirements for entering Holy Knight.<br/>
I feel strong-will wanting to win no matter what.<br/>
<br/>
I've also employed a proxy as Satou, but he was dropped off quickly since the upper limit was 500 gold coins.<br/>
<br/>
Leaving that aside, if this keeps up--.<br/>
<br/>
"It's getting prolonged more than we thought isn't it. If this keeps up, it'd be the break time before all the orbs are finished being exhibited."<br/>
<br/>
That's bad...but if I intervened here, there might be other nobles who went after the important [Chant Orb] instead. I want to prevent that from happening.<br/>
<br/>
After about 45 minutes, the [Light Magic] was finally sold for 1096 gold coins.<br/>
The man is wearing a mask but that's probably Duke Oyugock.<br/>
<br/>
After that, it was quick.<br/>
<br/>
--[Great Sword], 12 gold coins.<br/>
--[Arithmetic], 31 gold coins.<br/>
--[Horticulture], 7 gold coins.<br/>
--[Transport], 5 gold coins.<br/>
<br/>
It seems orbs that have weak demands are cheap.<br/>
And the remainders are [Chant], [Water Magic], and [Paralyze Resistance].<br/>
<br/>
『Then continuing on, after a fierce fight between the [Floormaster, Flame Snake] of the labyrinth's middle layer and the corps led by the Mithril explorer party, [Lion's Roar]--』<br/>
<br/>
The prologue is too long!<br/>
Shut up and let me bid already!<br/>
<br/>
"Kuro-sama--"<br/>
<br/>
The manager puts her white hands on top of mine and whispers.<br/>
<br/>
Not good, not good. I have to be cool.<br/>
<br/>
『--Then let the bid begin.』<br/>
<br/>
I quickly raise my note, however the spotlight isn't highlighting me, but a lower noble in the hall.<br/>
<br/>
There are more than six notes raised when I look around the hall.<br/>
<br/>
Looks like [Chant Orb] is really popular.<br/>
It seems there are a lot of people who are stumped at that impossibly hard spell chanting.<br/>
<br/>
The usherette tells me that I'm the fifth.<br/>
Apparently, in case of simultaneous note-raises like this, the spotlight will highlight the notes in turn.<br/>
<br/>
Now then, leaving that apart.<br/>
<br/>
The first lower noble announces with tension in his voice.<br/>
<br/>
『10 gold coins!』<br/>
<br/>
--I wait and see.<br/>
<br/>
The spotlight highlights the proxies of the lower nobles one after another.<br/>
<br/>
『11 gold coins!』<br/>
『12 gold coins!』<br/>
『12 gold coins and 1 silver coin!』<br/>
<br/>
--They play around too much.<br/>
<br/>
"Kuro-sama, please."<br/>
"Umu--"<br/>
<br/>
I receive the mic and pause a bit.<br/>
<br/>
First, it's the skirmish.<br/>
I'll cut the mob, leaving only the serious opponents.<br/>
<br/>
『100 gold coins』<br/>
<br/>
I calmly said so, and turned my sight toward the one who's going to bid after me in the noble seats.<br/>
I wait for the noble of lineage, some Earl or something, to state his bid--.<br/>
<br/>
He's having a long deliberation, perhaps for ascertaining my move.<br/>
<br/>
Looks like he's quite capable.<br/>
<br/>
He's not lacking as an opponent.<br/>
<br/>
And then, voices come out of the hall's speaker.<br/>
<br/>
『The winner of [Chant Orb] is number 3.』<br/>
<br/>
--eh?<br/>
<br/>
"Congratulations, Kuro-sama."<br/>
<br/>
I can hear the manager congratulating me and applauses in the hall.<br/>
<br/>
No but, most of the 300.000 gold coins still remain though....<br/>
<br/>
I feel somewhat downhearted, so I bid and won [Water Magic] and [Paralyze Resistance] for childish prices.<br/>
I remembered after having won it that the [Water Magic] and [Paralyze Resistance] orbs were the items we brought from the labyrinth.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Kuro-sama, is there anything wrong?"<br/>
<br/>
When we're walking to the place to get the items, it seems my dissatisfied mood leaks out, the manager asks worryingly.<br/>
<br/>
"No, it's just that I thought the 『Chant Orb』 was too cheap considering the winning bid in the past. <br/>
"When you say it like that, certainly."<br/>
<br/>
According to the history, [Chant Orb] was won at around 200-400 gold coins.<br/>
The answer to that is brought by the usherette who's guiding us.<br/>
<br/>
"That's because of the note raised by your proxy."<br/>
"Note?"<br/>
<br/>
She consented when I asked again.<br/>
<br/>
If I'm not mistaken, the color of the note differs depending on the potential amount.<br/>
My upper limit was 10.000, so the other people who saw that probably pulled back.<br/>
<br/>
We enter the place to get the item that's strictly protected by high level knights.<br/>
<br/>
The proxy of Duke Oyugock has entered first, they're confirming the payment.<br/>
I'm guided to a different table, and then I take out a bag of gold coins for the payment.<br/>
<br/>
--One of the luminous points disappears.<br/>
<br/>
I promptly open the marker list on the map.<br/>
<br/>
--Blast it!<br/>
<br/>
"Ku-Kuro-sama?"<br/>
<br/>
Looks like I unconsciously used [Coercion] skill, the surrounding people have solidified with blue faces.<br/>
<br/>
"The orb has been stolen. I will chase the criminal. Manager, finish the winning bid procedure."<br/>
"I-I understand."<br/>
<br/>
After confirming the manager's reply, I leave that place.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The one who steals the orb is a [Phantom Thief].<br/>
My [Chant Orb] is in the thief's Item Box. It seems the other orbs have all been stolen too.<br/>
<br/>
At first I thought it was the same phantom thief from before, but it was an old man with a cute un-phantom-thief-like name, Pipin.<br/>
<br/>
Still, he's fast.<br/>
Even though it hasn't even been 10 seconds since he got outside, he's already several hundreds meter away.<br/>
<br/>
I understand the reason why he's strangely fast after chasing him with Flash Drive.<br/>
<br/>
--It's a short-distance teleport.<br/>
<br/>
That's a rare gift, but I won't let him escape!<br/>
<br/>
I move in front of Pipin with Unit Arrangement.<br/>
<br/>
"A pursuer huh!"<br/>
<br/>
Pipin heads toward the downtown with short-distance teleport.<br/>
Apparently, he can jumps 300 meters in one go.<br/>
<br/>
"I-impossible!"<br/>
<br/>
Pipin continues doing short-distance teleports even while panicking.<br/>
<br/>
Pipin stops running away after five teleportations.<br/>
Looking at his remaining MP, he can only jump for one more.<br/>
<br/>
We're standing on a four-story apartment building, but it seems the buildings around here are deserted, there isn't any common people here.<br/>
<br/>
"What's the matter? Are we done playing tag?"<br/>
<br/>
Hearing me speaking like I've cornered a rat, Pipin grins and laughs.<br/>
He's probably anticipating the red luminous lights lurking in the surrounding buildings and whatever that makes my [Trap Discovery] reacting since a while ago.<br/>
<br/>
"--Yep, that's right, it's over."<br/>
<br/>
Birdlime balls are raining toward [The place where I was] from the surrounding, and the pitfall and net trap are activated.<br/>
Unexpectedly, they're all non-lethal traps.<br/>
<br/>
"Kukuku, there's no way you can escape unless you can teleport like me."<br/>
"That seems to be the case."<br/>
<br/>
I agree with the triumphant phantom thief from behind him.<br/>
<br/>
"W-what!"<br/>
<br/>
Pipin does the last teleport while getting surprised.<br/>
He's not giving up easily, but this is the last.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
There are two figures of people at the place where I move with Unit Arrangement.<br/>
Beside Pipin who's standing with his back facing here, the other phantom thief who was disguising as Satou the other day, [Sharururuun], is also standing.<br/>
<br/>
I see, so they were planning to meet here.<br/>
<br/>
It'll be troublesome if they diverge.<br/>
Let's settle it quickly.<br/>
<br/>
"W-wait! Please wait."<br/>
<br/>
Sharururuun waved her hand in panic, stopping me when I was going to use Ground Shrink.<br/>
Pipin is keeping his silent.<br/>
<br/>
Sharururuun throws a velvet bag to me.<br/>
The radar shows the luminous point of a marked item approaching me along with the bag's trajectory.<br/>
<br/>
I take it and put it into the storage.<br/>
Now it'll be fine even if we talk carefreely.<br/>
<br/>
Apparently, Pipin is unconscious.<br/>
<br/>
"What are you planning?"<br/>
"What? Haven't you heard from Miss Elterina?"<br/>
<br/>
To my question, Sharururuun looked puzzled and said an unknown name.<br/>
<br/>
--Elterina?<br/>
<br/>
Ah, the manager's name huh.<br/>
<br/>
When I look better, Sharururuun's affiliation is [Echigoya Firm].<br/>
<br/>
"Right, you were the one who found my little brother right? Thank you. Thanks to you, I could cut my tie with those bastards."<br/>
<br/>
Fumu, it's about the missing person that the manager asked recently huh.<br/>
<br/>
"That's splendid. I'll leave it to you to take the man to the authority."<br/>
"Understood. By the way, what do you want me to do with the items inside his Item Box?"<br/>
"I'll entrust it to you."<br/>
"Then, I'll use 『Forced Storage Opening』 and give them to Echigoya Firm."<br/>
<br/>
She tells me so, and then Sharururuun goes along the roof while shouldering Pipin.<br/>
I see, I was wondering how she could take out the [Orb] from the Item Box, but it seems there's a skill to forcefully open an Item Box. I'll ask her to teach me later.<br/>
<br/>
After neutralizing Pipin's companions with [Remote Stuns], I fire three Firework magic to the sky in order to alert the guards.<br/>
I'll leave it to the guards to clean up the small fries.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I take out the [Chant Orb] from Storage.<br/>
<br/>
Fufufufufu---.<br/>
<br/>
I stare at that gallant figure while suppressing my laughter.<br/>
It finally comes into my hands.<br/>
<br/>
I've confirmed with the manager using [Telephone] magic that the payment has been completed.<br/>
<br/>
There is nothing that holds me back anymore.<br/>
Flooded with emotion, I hold the [Chant Orb] high toward the sky.<br/>
The orb glitters from the light of the sun.<br/>
<br/>
Come now! With this I can freely use any magic!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
