<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
13-31. Demon Lord Shin<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. I feel that there have been less adults who scold their children compared to when I was a child. I wonder how are children who aren't scolded when they did bad things going to learn the society moral.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Wlcome~"<br/>
"Welcome back nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Tama and Pochi jumped to me, so I quickly equip the mask, stop them with both my arms and then we descend to the ground together.<br/>
It seems these two saw me when I had teleported back in the sky.<br/>
Mia also played a BGM with my arrival, she must have found me from the spirit light.<br/>
<br/>
Arisa runs as if rolling toward us who have landed on the ground.<br/>
<br/>
"Mou, where have you been! I couldn't reach you  even with 『World Phone』!"<br/>
"Sorry, sorry. I was getting rid of a space kaiju in the void sky."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa's telephone probably didn't reach me because of the effect of the space magic's [Planet Guard] that I used to protect the earth and the world's tree from the wave of after-effect from my attack magic.<br/>
It's a version of [City Guard] spell I found in the forbidden library during my catalog search that I half-jokingly remodeled.<br/>
I didn't think that it would have its turn when I remodeled it, but I'm glad that I made it.<br/>
<br/>
Putting that aside, since Liza and Nana are rushing here, I turn to them.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, thank you for your rescue."<br/>
"Master, is it a result of the new magic chant, so I ask."<br/>
"That's right. Look, ■■■ Breeze."<br/>
<br/>
I hand Tama and Pochi over to Liza, and demonstrate a chant to Nana.<br/>
Lulu and Mia who are left alone on the grove beyond are waving their hands, so I pick them up with [Magic Hand].<br/>
<br/>
"Eh? Wasn't there something strange just now? How did the chant succeed with that."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa found some fault in my chant.<br/>
Certainly, I do feel that the intonation isn't elegant, but the magic properly activates and gets listed in the magic column, so it's fine right.<br/>
Demanding everything to be perfect is not good.<br/>
<br/>
"W-wait. Rather than that, why are you able to use magic in the magic void space?"<br/>
<br/>
Hikaru asked some strange question.<br/>
Come to think of it, I feel that the effect of [Seal Binding Ice Coffin (Shield Coffin)] earlier was a bit lower.<br/>
<br/>
I try creating some magic arrows, and then they begin to break down after several seconds.<br/>
After confirming the demon lord's unique skill, I found the reason why Mito couldn't defeat the demon lord.<br/>
<br/>
Apparently, it has a Unique Skill with bad affinity for Hikaru who's specializing in magic battle.<br/>
<br/>
--Huh?<br/>
<br/>
I noticed something unusual when I saw the demon lord's name as I was checking its stats.<br/>
<br/>
"Isn't this Shin boy! Why did a hero like him turn into demon lord?"<br/>
"That, you see~ We don't know either."<br/>
<br/>
Both Arisa and Hikaru shake their heads to my question.<br/>
<br/>
Shin boy's title has changed into [Demon Lord], his [Hero] title has become a hidden title.<br/>
There are other hidden titles too, [Artificial Demon Lord], [False King].<br/>
I can somehow guess that there's something in his body from these titles.<br/>
<br/>
I'll pay no mind to his level turning into 50 from a single-digit number.<br/>
<br/>
"....Two hero Nanashi?"<br/>
<br/>
Looking at the voice caught with my Attentive Ears skill, I see the dying Heim of Shiga Eight Swords lifting his head.<br/>
For some reason, Princess Menea and Souya boy who are unconscious are lying near him.<br/>
<br/>
I don't understand the situation, but I make him sleep with [Anesthetic Sleep] magic, and heal his wounds with healing magic.<br/>
<br/>
"Then, I'll ask Shin-kun his situation for a bit. It'll be bad if any damage happen here in the Royal Capital, so I'll be going to the desert."<br/>
<br/>
Before that, I'll defeat the greater demons.<br/>
I thought of using them for our girls' power-leveling, but we can find as many strong monsters as we like, so there's no need for some misplaced inclination here.<br/>
<br/>
I invoke the forbidden spell of destruction magic [Divine Ash], turning a demon together with the shield coffin into black dust.<br/>
<br/>
"No way, wasn't now a forbidden spell?"<br/>
"Yeah, there's no damage to the surrounding despite being a forbidden spell, it's a convenient spell, see."<br/>
<br/>
I explain it to the surprised Hikaru.<br/>
<br/>
This was also something I found in the forbidden library during my catalog search.<br/>
It turns even the adjoining space into ash, so it's a convenient spell against a foe like the sakuramochi demon from before. It seems it can defeat monster with no substance and barrier too.<br/>
<br/>
It's a single object magic, so I use it again for 15 times continuously.<br/>
The magic requires 300MP for one shot, so I use a mass-produced holy sword as a battery along the way.<br/>
<br/>
"F-Forbidden spells, chantlessly?"<br/>
<br/>
Hikaru leaks out voice of surprise, but for some reason, I can use forbidden spells from the magic column normally.<br/>
Being able to instantly use forbidden spells that normally need several minutes to several dozens of minutes chanting, I think it's quite a cheat.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I open the [Gate] of space magic, and throw Shin-kun together with the Shield Coffin's pillar into it.<br/>
I hold back Arisa and the others who were going to follow with my hand.<br/>
<br/>
"I-I want to go too."<br/>
"You can't. A demon lord can use unusual attacks in various ways, so everyone should wait here in the royal capital. Furthermore, a state of emergency happened here, so there are many things that need to be taken care of right?"<br/>
<br/>
When I say so, everyone besides Mito pulls back.<br/>
Bringing Mito who's a hero along should be fine, but I want her to do something, so I ask her before she can talk.<br/>
<br/>
"Mito, please go to the royal capital and tell them that the demon lord has been eliminated."<br/>
"I can do that after he's been--"<br/>
"Master! Can you turn him into a human again like you did with Hisui last time? Is it impossible to turn him back, not killing him?"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa desperately spoke, interrupting Mito.<br/>
<br/>
Mito who sees that Arisa is having a complicated expression with resignation mixed in.<br/>
She's probably seen many things during her time as Ancient King Yamato. Next time I'll listen to her complaints and hardships together with some liquor.<br/>
<br/>
"That's my intention from the start. I can't guarantee that he'll absolutely turn back, but I'll try to take as many measures as possible."<br/>
"U-un. Master can surely do it. I believe you!"<br/>
<br/>
I undertake that while patting Arisa who has tears on the corner of her eyes.<br/>
As an insurance for if anything happens, I have to turn that back into human by all means.<br/>
<br/>
After teleporting everyone to the places they want with Unit Arrangement, I take a wand that's specialized in expanding range from my Storage.<br/>
It looks like a dead twig with a lot of emerald-colored branches.<br/>
It's something manufactured from a branch growing on the world tree in the void sky, so calling it a twig isn't necessarily wrong.<br/>
<br/>
I use the mind magic's [Flat People] toward the people of the royal capital.<br/>
This is an original spell I've created from mind magic's [Shepperd] and [Brain Wash] in order to suppress panic and unrest of people.<br/>
<br/>
After confirming the effect on the map, I move to the desert where Shin-kun is waiting with Unit Arrangement.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The shield coffin where Shin-kun's imprisoned is waiting among the dry air where the sun is blazing.<br/>
It's a composite of space and ice magic so it's not something so fragile it can melt from heat.<br/>
<br/>
Nevertheless, I can hear the sound of ice crackling from inside the shield coffin.<br/>
Demon lords really can't be sealed with just this much after all.<br/>
<br/>
When I look better, violet mist has begun to ooze out from the inside.<br/>
I reach my hand to see if I can touch it like with magic and barrier, but my hand just passes through it. It somehow looks like when I tried to cut a [God's Fragment] with a holy sword.<br/>
It'll be troubling if he forces himself and gets his demon lord-fication progressed, so I decide to release the magic myself.<br/>
<br/>
Oops, before that let's move to a better place where I don't have to worry about environmental damage.<br/>
<br/>
I make a sub-space using the forbidden spell of space magic [Another World].<br/>
The enclosure doesn't surpass the sub-space created by the goblin princess Yuika's Unique Skill, that one is just in another league compared to this.<br/>
By default, there's nothing inside the sub-space, so I set it to transcribe the surrounding terrain.<br/>
The sub-space is as vast as the current desert, so it'd be alright even if we fight.<br/>
<br/>
I restore my magic power that has been used up in large quantity from the mass-produced holy sword, and then move to the sub-space.<br/>
<br/>
After closing the entrance to the former world, I release the shield coffin that imprisons Shin boy.<br/>
I put a troublesome-looking recovery item called [Magic Crystal Pillar], that has been imprisoned together with him into, into my storage.<br/>
<br/>
Shin boy appears while scattering white chunks of ice.<br/>
<br/>
"W-where is this? Has my magic turned the royal capital into a desert?"<br/>
<br/>
Shin boy made a guess while glaring at me.<br/>
<br/>
Unfortunately, his articulation was a bit strange.<br/>
It seems to be the initial stage of a broken soul vessel, so I have to make him stop using his power.<br/>
<br/>
Looking at his Unique Skill's name, it should be a passive-type, so its effect to the [Soul Vessel] should be lower compared to active-type ones that have number of usage limit.<br/>
<br/>
"Do you want to know where this is?"<br/>
"Say it!"<br/>
<br/>
In order to intimidate him, I destroy the [Sand Spear] magic that Shin boy used with [Break Magic].<br/>
<br/>
"Impossible! Erasing a magic invoked by me, the ruler of magic?"<br/>
<br/>
Next, he began to summon greater demons, but I hindered it by using [Break Magic] whenever their heads showed up, forcing the greater demons back.<br/>
<br/>
"Duaamnnn you out-of-bounds reincarnated personn"<br/>
<br/>
Shin boy roars, but his magic has been used up, so I can only hear it as sour grapes.<br/>
Far from even fighting, he probably can't even use a reinforcement magic.<br/>
<br/>
Shin boy notices that the [Magic Crystal Pillar] is gone when he was trying to recover his magic power, he looks around the surrounding restlessly.<br/>
<br/>
I cross my arms while examining him.<br/>
He seems to be a child without patience, I'll answer him once as a bait to pull information out of him.<br/>
<br/>
"I'll talk to you so calm down. This is another world."<br/>
"Another world? What do you mean."<br/>
<br/>
Shin boy asked another question to my vague answer.<br/>
<br/>
"The so-called sub-space see."<br/>
"S-sub-space? ....That means you used the age of gods magic, 『Another World』!"<br/>
<br/>
He can see through the magic name from the 'sub-space' term probably because of his [Master Wizard] Unique Skill.<br/>
<br/>
I think the age of gods magic refers to [Magic used when gods were living among people], but please stop adding a new category since it's confusing.<br/>
<br/>
"You're all questions huh. I'd like you to answer my questions sometimes too."<br/>
"Hmph, what do you want to know."<br/>
<br/>
--Huh? He's awfully obedient.<br/>
<br/>
"Who made you into a demon lord?"<br/>
"I wanted to become demon lord myself."<br/>
<br/>
He wasn't forced by anyone huh?<br/>
<br/>
"Not that, I mean the people who cooperated with you in order to turn you into a demon lord."<br/>
"The one who gave me the Demon Lord Orb was my shitty father."<br/>
<br/>
--Demon Lord Orb?<br/>
<br/>
Looks like the theft disturbance in the Royal Capital was actually aiming for that Demon Lord Orb.<br/>
I tried searching on the map, but the thing called Demon Lord Orb doesn't exist around him or in any known area.<br/>
<br/>
Still, an item that changes a person into a demon lord huh....<br/>
<br/>
Don't tell me, the shitty father he's talking about is the demon god?<br/>
<br/>
"You shouldn't call your father shitty."<br/>
"I don't care about someone who thoroughly caused troubles to me and my mother, and then became a demon lord in another world after dying."<br/>
<br/>
Good. Apparently he's not the demon god--.<br/>
<br/>
Although it'd be bad if the father is the type of a demon lord that could mass-produce demon lords like himself, guessing from Shin boy's [False King] title and what I heard from the Dog-head, his father probably turned his own [God's Fragment] into the shape of the so-called Demon Lord Orb and gave it to Shin-kun.<br/>
<br/>
Nevertheless, even though Shin-kun is saying whatever, he's still explaining it properly, it seems his nature is still a virtuous one. Having the interrogation easy is truly nice.<br/>
<br/>
I have to visit his father once I've finished talking to him.<br/>
<br/>
"Answer my question this time."<br/>
<br/>
Turn end huh.<br/>
Well fine. Looks like we can have a discussion for now.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"--I wanted to be strong enough to beat that shitty father."<br/>
<br/>
After some long dialogs, the reason why Shin boy used the Demon Lord Orb is this. <br/>
There are also other desires like wanting the power needed to survive in this harsh world, but the biggest one seems to be that.<br/>
<br/>
His line of thinking of wanting the result immediately is very like a boy, but there are things that you should not choose in order to obtain the result.<br/>
<br/>
"Then you could have just become a hero."<br/>
"Hmph, only the elites chosen and summoned by God Parion can become heroes. A human that can only grovel on the ground like me can only become a demon lord."<br/>
<br/>
No no, normally you don't become a demon lord either.<br/>
<br/>
Still, it's a failure....<br/>
It's too late now, but if I just talked about his hero title when I met him, he wouldn't become a demon lord.<br/>
<br/>
Well, it's really too late now.<br/>
There's no way anyone can know that unless they have the ability to see the future.<br/>
<br/>
--Right!<br/>
<br/>
I wonder if he'll agree to turn back into human if I tell him about the hero title, making him lose his attachment to demon lord?<br/>
I should try to persuade him by leading him.<br/>
<br/>
"You have the qualification to become a hero."<br/>
"Grandma said that crooks whisper the thing you want to hear to play with people's heart."<br/>
<br/>
What grandma said is right, but it's the truth in this case.<br/>
<br/>
"Then you should check it yourself and see. You can use magic to check your own title right?"<br/>
"Ah, that's right."<br/>
<br/>
Shin boy begins to chant, I copy that through my ears.<br/>
The chant is of the magic version of appraisal skill.<br/>
<br/>
>[Mimic: Magic] Skill Acquired.<br/>
<br/>
Oh, it looks like quite an useful skill.<br/>
I have to activate it.<br/>
<br/>
"....I really have the hero title."<br/>
"Do you have any idea? It seems you've defeated an overwhelmingly powerful enemy and obtained it."<br/>
<br/>
It's about what the [No-Life King] Zen talked about back then.<br/>
<br/>
"I do.... When many monsters appeared in the Royal Capital, I fought a monster while guarding the orphanage kids.... When I was swinging my hatchet around and almost getting killed.... I might have died if a light arrow and an invisible cannonball didn't fall from the sky and defeated the monster."<br/>
<br/>
Ah, the time when red rope monsters appeared en masse huh.<br/>
Shin boy probably talked about [Remote Arrow] and [Remote Stun] magic that I used.<br/>
<br/>
"However, I'm a demon lord--"<br/>
<br/>
Regret dwells in Shin boy's voice.<br/>
I guess now is the right timing to persuade him?<br/>
<br/>
"You can just start over. I have turned a creature that had turned into a monster back into a normal bird. I'm certain that I can turn demon lord back too."<br/>
<br/>
Since Hisui changed into a God Bird, Shin boy might turn into a High Human or something, but since he'll be upwardly compatible then, do pardon me.<br/>
<br/>
Hearing me, Shin boy looks downward and repeats a monologue from his mouth.<br/>
<br/>
--He really can't believe it after all huh.<br/>
<br/>
I listen to it carefully, waiting for his answer.<br/>
<br/>
"C-can I really start over?"<br/>
"Yes, of course."<br/>
<br/>
I answer Shin boy's shaking voice with a dubious smile.<br/>
It's not visible since I'm wearing a mask though.<br/>
<br/>
"--Like I'd say that! You hypocrite!"<br/>
<br/>
Shin boy assaults me with a sword sparkling like a diamond created from magic.<br/>
According to AR reading, it's called Dragon Rending Sword with performance that exceeds the original holy sword Excalibur.<br/>
<br/>
The chant spell that he's been chanting in low voice since a while ago is probably the forbidden spell  [Dragon Rending Sword (Dragon Slayer)]. <br/>
I think the Dog-head from before said that it's the sword that the demon god uses. I was lucky to get the spell from a windfall.<br/>
<br/>
It has terrific performance, but there's no meaning to it if the user is clumsy.<br/>
<br/>
"I-Impossible! Stopping a sword between hands?!"<br/>
<br/>
I strike the Dragon Rending Sword stopped between my hands with my knee, destroying it.<br/>
Looks like the durability isn't that big of a deal.<br/>
<br/>
It seems there are still rooms for improvement for this magic. I'm thinking of fully remodeling the spell, dyeing it with my preference.<br/>
<br/>
"A magic sword with Indestructible attribute--destroyed?!"<br/>
<br/>
Shin boy is surprised exaggeratedly.<br/>
In the first place, there's no way it can be broken if there's such an attribute.<br/>
<br/>
I'm interested in the [God Dancing Armor] that the Dog-head was saying too, but I'd be putting the cart before the horse if his demon lord-fication progressed because he forced himself, so I restrain myself.<br/>
I didn't stop him from chanting the Dragon Rending Sword spell because I thought it'll be easier to persuade him if I broke his trump card.<br/>
<br/>
By no means it's because I was interested with a code I had never heard before, forgetting to stop him.<br/>
<br/>
--Nope.<br/>
<br/>
His magic power must've run out again after using the Dragon Rending Sword, so he can't use magic for now.<br/>
Time to persuade him before it's too late.<br/>
<br/>
"Now then, do you want to retire being a demon lord or stop being a human, choose what you like."<br/>
<br/>
I turn a cheerful smile toward Shin boy.<br/>
Of course it was just a little threat. Just as I've promised to Arisa, I don't intend to kill him.<br/>
<br/>
Shin boy is desperately thinking his next move while leaking gununu voice, but he probably won't come up with a good idea.<br/>
<br/>
Now then, after this I just need to take out the [God's Fragment] from him, and then everything is settled.<br/>
Truly a happy end!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
