<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
13-15. Royal Capital Sightseeing, Downtown Arc<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. For some reason [A parade group distributing fliers] that seldom appeared in the last century's manga remains in my memory. I remember the bitter memory of getting severely scolded by the student council when I tried to do the same to invite people to our circle during my college year.<br/>
Cleaning the fliers and the confetti was hard....<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I slept well after a long time.<br/>
<br/>
The light from the morning sun peeks through the canopy's curtain.<br/>
It seems I had a really deep sleep, I haven't noticed Lulu who's opening the curtain, and the little girls who have slipped into the bed clinging to me.<br/>
<br/>
....Or rather, I should have been the only one sleeping in the Royal Capital's mansion to watch over the green demon, why is everyone here?<br/>
<br/>
They shouldn't have been able to teleport to the Royal Capital with Arisa's magic power, so Aze-san probably sent them.<br/>
<br/>
"Good morning, Master."<br/>
"Ah, morning."<br/>
<br/>
Lulu who's opening the curtain greets me with refreshing voice when she notices me waking up.<br/>
<br/>
"Unyu~"<br/>
"Mowning, nanoresu."<br/>
<br/>
Pochi and Tama who had woken up from the voice, rolled on my stomach, put their chins on my chest and greeted too.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, good morning, so I greet."<br/>
"Good morning, Masita."<br/>
"Masita, morning."<br/>
<br/>
Nana who's sleeping with Shiro and Crow on the edge of the bed greeted.<br/>
Shiro who's half asleep seems to have pulled the sleeve of Nana's shirt, the charm of Nana's pulled shirt is in full effect.<br/>
<br/>
"Mwu."<br/>
<br/>
Mia who's pulling my ear makes me resist the charm effect, she lets go of my ear when I turn to her.<br/>
<br/>
"Morning."<br/>
"Good morning Mia. And also, Arisa--"<br/>
<br/>
I hit the head of Arisa who's trying to enter my shirt.<br/>
<br/>
"--You'll get no breakfast if you don't stop the sexual harassment now."<br/>
"I'm short of Masternium. Please give me replenishment."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa who had woken up did a seiza in front of me and said some stupid thing.<br/>
<br/>
"Tama too, short~"<br/>
"Pochi is short of Masternium too nanodesu."<br/>
"N, short."<br/>
<br/>
The three youth troupe line up beside Arisa, doing seiza.<br/>
<br/>
"U-um--me too, um... short of Masternium."<br/>
<br/>
Lulu also timidly asked, the four of them appealed while doing seiza.<br/>
I haven't cared much for them ever since the new year, so it seems they've been lonely.<br/>
<br/>
I hug everyone in turns to supply the Masternium or something, which also act as an apology.<br/>
<br/>
"Mwu, unfair."<br/>
"The times were different in order of breasts' sizes."<br/>
<br/>
"--It's just your imagination."<br/>
<br/>
To notice the difference of comma seconds, as expected of Mithril explorers.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Good morning, Satou-sama."<br/>
<br/>
Zena-san who's wearing a neat military uniform greets me in a well-mannered gesture.<br/>
The crests of Seryuu Earldom are embroidered on her uniform's chest and shoulder.<br/>
<br/>
Everyone is surprised to see Zena, who was led to the living room by the butler, wearing unusual clothes.<br/>
As for me, I'm more bothered with the fact that she called me with honorific.<br/>
<br/>
"Good morning, Zena-san."<br/>
<br/>
Our girls who came after me greeted her unanimously.<br/>
<br/>
"What's wrong with Zena-san?"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa pulled my clothes, and asked close to my ear.<br/>
I tell everyone about the luncheon with Earl Seryuu while we're walking toward the dining room.<br/>
<br/>
"So Earl Seryuu is an attacker~. It's like he's trying to pick a fight with Earl Muno."<br/>
"He would probably make an agreement to put priority of magic core supply for Muno territory right?"<br/>
"Ah, that might be possible. Even in Kubooku Kingdom the prime minister often grumbled that the mine refinery wouldn't work without supply of magic cores."<br/>
<br/>
We arrive at the table while I'm having that conversation with Arisa.<br/>
For some reason Zena stands upright near the door looking like she wouldn't sit, so I call to her.<br/>
<br/>
"Is there something wrong?"<br/>
"It is nothing, I had a breakfast at Earl Seryuu's mansion already, so I will stand guard here."<br/>
<br/>
Since Earl Seryuu ordered her to act as my attendant, Zena-san replied like a soldier.<br/>
I respect her for being faithful to her mission, but to be honest it's awkward when she's this serious.<br/>
<br/>
"Then let's prepare some tea for you."<br/>
"H-however..."<br/>
"It's alright. Even if a demon intrudes this room right here and now, we can counter attack while still sitting."<br/>
<br/>
Back then, Liza intercepted bombardment with a meal knife after all, and the other girls don't lose to Liza in reaction speed, so it should be fine.<br/>
<br/>
"Furthermore, it's hard to talk with you at this distance."<br/>
"Yes, then please excuse me."<br/>
<br/>
Zena-san sits on a vacant seat, and then a maid put some tea and tea cakes in front of her. As always, the maids here are skillful.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"I'm thinking of touring the downtown today."<br/>
<br/>
During the breakfast, I told them so, and everyone cheered like the sound of crackers.<br/>
<br/>
"But the auction starts today, is it alright? Don't you need to prepare various things."<br/>
"Yeah, my business is only on the third day."<br/>
"I see, the male needs is on the third day after all, right."<br/>
<br/>
....What are you saying Arisa?<br/>
<br/>
"School~?"<br/>
"Ah! ...That's right nanodesu. There's school nodesu."<br/>
"You can take a leave."<br/>
<br/>
They're only temporary students anyway, so there's no problem taking a leave for a day.<br/>
<br/>
"I-is it alright nodesu?!"<br/>
"Yeah, I permit is as your guardian so it's fine."<br/>
"Wa~i"<br/>
"Nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Just in case, I told them that anyone still wanting to go to school could go, but there wasn't anyone who chose that.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Uwaah, what a crowd~"<br/>
<br/>
After getting off the carriage, Arisa muttered while looking dumbfounded.<br/>
Today Arisa is in plain town girl clothing.<br/>
<br/>
"Mwu, full."<br/>
<br/>
Mia who's depressed has matching clothes with Arisa, just different colored.<br/>
<br/>
"Nice smell~"<br/>
"A lot of tasty smell nanodesu."<br/>
"There's a lot of soba smell isn't it."<br/>
<br/>
Tama and Pochi who are wearing shirts and culottes sniff around while closing their eyes and being carried under the arms of Liza who's wearing military uniform.<br/>
<br/>
"It smells slightly savory, so it seems there are some stalls with gallete too."<br/>
<br/>
The town girl fashion suits Lulu very well.<br/>
Her cuteness would have kept the flashes on until the end if she was in a cosplay show.<br/>
<br/>
"Looking forward to it so I report."<br/>
"It smells nice isn't it Crow."<br/>
"Shiro, don't separate your hand from Nana-sama's, okay."<br/>
"Okay."<br/>
<br/>
Nana who's in young wife clothing has her hands holding Shiro's and Crow's who are in shirts and cullottes like Pochi and Tama.<br/>
<br/>
Per Arisa's suggestion, today we're all in commoner clothing.<br/>
By the way I'm wearing commoner tunic and trousers.<br/>
<br/>
Only four people of Zena Squad who are accompanying us are armed, Liza only has a bronze baton she's put on her waist, and everyone else is empty-handed.<br/>
The four people of Zena Squad are looking around at the surrounding vigilantly.<br/>
<br/>
"The big building you can see beyond is the second hall of the auction you see."<br/>
"Eh~, so that's where the spoils from the floormasters are being displayed?<br/>
"No, the expensive articles are in the first hall inside the royal castle. The ones in here should be things that are displayed for commoners."<br/>
<br/>
There are a little less than 1000 stalls aiming for the guests going to the auction hall in the street where we are.<br/>
The majority of the stalls are just sheets spread with junks on them, but there are also some who sell magic potions, salves, and even equipment made of monster parts.<br/>
<br/>
It's truly rich of variations, I don't get tired seeing them.<br/>
<br/>
"This oyaki is tasty nodesu. Pochi will share with Master a bite too nodesu."<br/>
"This katayaki is tasty too~"<br/>
"Ooh, this fake gallete is quite good."<br/>
"Dried persimmon."<br/>
"The skewers in the Royal Capital are soft aren't they. The chewiness isn't enough."<br/>
"Master, do you know the secret ingredients for the flavor of this Tsutsumi-Yaki? It seems like soy sauce, but it's slightly hot, and yet there's a faint sweet taste too."<br/>
"There is a possibility that that young organism is a lost child. I deem it fit to be protected. Master, permission to collect."<br/>
<br/>
Our girls prioritize to buy and eat, they buy various snacks they carry on both their arms, striding around the crowded stalls.<br/>
Of course I rejected Nana's request.<br/>
<br/>
"Vroo~?"<br/>
"It's amazing nodesu. Flame is coming out of the mouth nanodesu."<br/>
<br/>
There are some people who are doing street performances between the stalls, so I throw some money for the people who amuse us.<br/>
<br/>
"There's a Rabbit Rotation over there."<br/>
"Nn, heroic tale."<br/>
<br/>
Rabbit Rotation is where a rabbitkin riding a horse-sized tamed rabbit monster does some techniques.<br/>
They're enclosed within fences since it'll be dangerous if the monster rampages.<br/>
<br/>
"No nyoronyoro~?"<br/>
"There's no snake person nodesu."<br/>
<br/>
--Snake person?<br/>
<br/>
"Come to think of it, even though we saw a lot of them during our new year tour, there's not even one now."<br/>
"The employed snakes might have been eaten by monsters during the disturbance back then, so I guess."<br/>
<br/>
Nana tells her guess to Arisa who looks around wondering.<br/>
<br/>
Ah, the snake charmers huh--<br/>
<br/>
I tried searching on the map, but I couldn't find even one [Snake Charmer].<br/>
I wonder if they're seasonal attractions like the lion dance?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Mia and Arisa seem to be tired from walking, so we find some open space to take a short break.<br/>
<br/>
"Zena-san and the others too, you should get some rest."<br/>
"No, we're on duty."<br/>
<br/>
--They're quite stubborn.<br/>
<br/>
It's understandable though since there have been red luminous points regularly showing up on the radar.<br/>
I'd feel bad if I forcefully stop them, so I distribute cool beverages of apple water with honey to the four of them.<br/>
<br/>
In addition, as soon as I find anyone who has malicious intent toward us, I seize them with always-on [Magic Hands] and throw them away to the back alley, so there's no real harm.<br/>
<br/>
"Aa-----------!!"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa screams while also crushing the dried persimmon she got from Mia on her hand.<br/>
<br/>
"Arisa. Stop shouting suddenly."<br/>
"That! Look at that."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa who ignored my scolding catches my shoulder and leaps around.<br/>
<br/>
--What is it?<br/>
<br/>
I lower my waist and match her line of sight, she talks to me in low voice without doing any sexual harassment unusually enough.<br/>
<br/>
"That gray hair! Look at that kid's title."<br/>
<br/>
I see the place where Arisa points at.<br/>
As I've expected somehow, Shin boy who's working to collect garbages is there.<br/>
<br/>
"Ah, didn't I tell you."<br/>
"Y-you knew? --Or rather, the title wasn't there when I met him in the school back then you know? I-is he maybe a reincarnated person?"<br/>
"His hair color should be not that if he was one right?"<br/>
"Ah, that's right. That's right isn't it."<br/>
<br/>
I lightly tell Arisa who's slightly calmed about Hero Shin.<br/>
We're talking in low voice among the noisy crowd and the music from the street performers, so there's no worry of getting heard by Zena-san and her friends.<br/>
<br/>
"Hm~m, a local hero who's lost his memory huh..."<br/>
<br/>
After pondering while crossing her arms for a bit, Arisa asks with her violet eyes gleaming at me.<br/>
<br/>
"Hey, are you going to raise that kid enough to fight demon lords?"<br/>
"No, there's already Hayato and the like, summoned heroes for that job, I'm thinking of letting Sir Julberg raise Shin boy."<br/>
"I see, he's not a girl after all~"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa nods like she understands.<br/>
<br/>
....No no, I didn't decide whether to raise him or not by gender you know?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Let me go--"<br/>
<br/>
I picked up the voice of a little child with Attentive Ears skill just when I was feeling exhausted from Arisa's reckless remark.<br/>
Looks like the source of the scream is from the rucksack of a suspicious man who's going to disappear into the back alley.<br/>
<br/>
When I move my line of sight, I see Pochi and Tama are already taking the postures to dash out.<br/>
The two's bodies are turned toward the screaming child, only their eyes are locked on to me.<br/>
Apparently, they're waiting for my order.<br/>
<br/>
"Go! Pochi!"<br/>
"Yes nanodesu!"<br/>
"A~ye--"<br/>
<br/>
In an instant, Pochi and Tama disappear with Flickering Movement.<br/>
The two appear in front of the man like an anime with dropped frames.<br/>
<br/>
Tama who has noticed that I ordered only Pochi returns back to where she was before in an instant, politely retakes her posture to ready-to-dash position, and turns her face toward me.<br/>
<br/>
"--. Tama is unneeded~?"<br/>
"Nothing like that at all."<br/>
<br/>
I point my finger to another crime spot toward Tama who's looking at me with moist eyes.<br/>
There were two crime spots.<br/>
<br/>
"Tama goes over there."<br/>
"Aye aye sir~, nyan"<br/>
<br/>
While leaving an afterimage and cheerful voice, Tama goes to seize the other kidnapper.<br/>
I also ask Liza and Nana to go as their supports.<br/>
<br/>
"E-eh? Um, just what is happening?"<br/>
"Zena-cchi, that!"<br/>
<br/>
Lilio points Zena, who's confused because she can't understand the situation, at the man Pochi has arrested.<br/>
The other two of Zena squad--Miss Iona and Ruu seem to be on alert against bad people who are going to take the chance during the uproar.<br/>
<br/>
"It's kidnapping. Zena-san, I'm sorry, but could you get the sentry here?"<br/>
"Y-yes--"<br/>
"I will go with Ruu. Zena-san and Lilio, please guard Viscount-sama."<br/>
<br/>
After stopping Zena-san who was going to run, Miss Iona and Ruu run toward the temporary guard station in front of the stall street.<br/>
<br/>
"Caught the bad guy nodesu."<br/>
"Tama too caught one~?"<br/>
"Master, I safeguarded the victim, so I report."<br/>
"I've safeguarded them too."<br/>
<br/>
Pochi and Tama brought the fainted men and rolled them below my feet.<br/>
Nana and Liza brought the child victims each.<br/>
<br/>
The ones saved from the rucksacks are little girls of around elementary school age who don't seem to be rich, looking at their clothes.<br/>
Both of the children have white cloth wrapped on their arms, I don't know if it's trending or something.<br/>
<br/>
"Oy, you! Let go of Sina and Olna!"<br/>
"Shin-nii."<br/>
"Shin-niichan."<br/>
<br/>
Looks like they're acquainted with Shin boy.<br/>
The little girls who have noticed the boy jump at Shin boy while crying.<br/>
<br/>
Checking on the AR readings, I understand that the little girls are from the same orphanage as Shin boy.<br/>
<br/>
"Do you know these children?"<br/>
"Yes, that's right."<br/>
<br/>
Shin boy stands before me to protect the children.<br/>
<br/>
"Then I'll leave these children to you. I'm going to question these guys."<br/>
"D-did you save these kids?"<br/>
"Offucou~rse"<br/>
"That's right nanodesu."<br/>
"T-thank you. Sorry for doubting you. Oy, you too, thank them."<br/>
"Thank you for saving me."<br/>
"Thank you."<br/>
<br/>
Urged by Shin boy, the children said their thanks to Pochi and Tama.<br/>
<br/>
"Didn't I say not to come since the crowd is dangerous?"<br/>
<br/>
I question the men while Shin boy is scolding the children who were almost kidnapped as the BGM.<br/>
<br/>
"However, director-sensei said we could go."<br/>
"The director did?"<br/>
"Un, the director wrapped this white cloth to us."<br/>
"He said that it was so we could be found even if we got lost in the festival."<br/>
"That stingy director did?"<br/>
<br/>
Come to think of it, the director of Shin boy orphanage was suspected of slave trading huh.<br/>
<br/>
"Now then, criminal-kun. There are two things I want to ask you--"<br/>
<br/>
The two aren't people of criminal guild, but the poor from the slums, so they confess easily after I threatened them slightly.<br/>
<br/>
"I-it's true. We were only told to kidnap the children with white cloth wrapped on their arms."<br/>
<br/>
--Guilty huh.<br/>
<br/>
Looks like the orphanage director is the mastermind, or maybe he takes part in the mastermind's plan.<br/>
<br/>
"They said they will give us one big copper coin if we brought the children to the man's place beyond the back alley...."<br/>
<br/>
To kidnap children for such a small change--wait, it's not for the people of the slums huh.<br/>
<br/>
I got a lot of easy money from the matter related to auction this time, so maybe I'll establish a public employment office or something.<br/>
Planning the detail is annoying though, I'll leave that to the executives of Echigoya firm.<br/>
Two people will be free once the auction is over, so it's just right.<br/>
<br/>
I correct my slightly astray thought, and continue questioning the men.<br/>
<br/>
"Do you know the man who ordered you to do the kidnapping?"<br/>
"Yeah. I couldn't see the face since he wore black hood, but the voice was that of a young man."<br/>
<br/>
Fumu, I guess this is as much as I can hear from people hired with money.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, arrested the bad guys in the place this man testified, and safeguarded the young organism so I report."<br/>
<br/>
Nana, holding a young boy whose arm is wrapped in yellow cloth under her arm, comes back while dragging a dirtied kidnapper.<br/>
As expected, the public attentions gather here, it's uncomfortable.<br/>
<br/>
Looks like this boy belongs to a different orphanage than the Shin boy's.<br/>
Apparently, there isn't only one evil director colluding with the kidnappers.<br/>
<br/>
Now then, I'll have to send invitations to the prison to those evil directors--<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
