<br/>
This chapter is in third person point of view<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
13-28. Orb<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
The boy pulls back the orb that he has raised up toward the sky.<br/>
<br/>
"I see.... I wanted my memories erased myself."<br/>
<br/>
The moment the boy saw the sun light reflected on the orb, the locked memory played back in the boy's mind like a revolving lantern.<br/>
<br/>
--The memories from the former world.<br/>
<br/>
--The memories when he was summoned during a ritual of a small kingdom.<br/>
<br/>
--A beautiful woman who transcended humans.<br/>
<br/>
--And then the people who rescued him who was kidnapped under the pretext of 'summoning'.<br/>
<br/>
"I remember...."<br/>
<br/>
The boy grips his other hand not holding the orb hard enough to spill blood.<br/>
<br/>
"I wanted to try living as a person of this world, and see if I would still think the same like before my memory was sealed...huh."<br/>
<br/>
The boy sighs once to himself for his roundabout way of sealing his own memory.<br/>
<br/>
And then, this time he chooses to use the orb.<br/>
<br/>
"To gain power from this orb, I should do it like this."<br/>
<br/>
The boys understands how to use the orb just by flowing it with his magic power; he swallows it.<br/>
The boy's throat moves, and then the power of blessings dwells in the boy before the orb could reach his stomachs.<br/>
<br/>
"■■■ Breeze"<br/>
<br/>
The breeze of life magic shakes the boy's hair.<br/>
<br/>
"Kukkukku, this is magic--"<br/>
<br/>
The current boy can use any magic.<br/>
Because he can browse all magic like turning a dictionary.<br/>
<br/>
"--For I am the king who rules over magic."<br/>
<br/>
The boy smiles with his mouth looking like the shape of a down crescent moon.<br/>
<br/>
And then a cataclysm happens as if responding to that smile.<br/>
<br/>
--Flame envelops the world.<br/>
<br/>
Beyond the horizon, flame raises toward the void sky as if blown from the earth.<br/>
That's happening on 360 degree direction, there are walls of flame everywhere you see.<br/>
<br/>
"Looks like the world welcomes its end---"<br/>
<br/>
The boy laughs loudly with his hands reaching out to the sky.<br/>
<br/>
As if waiting for his laughter to end, the flame walls that have surrounded the world abruptly disappears.<br/>
Without even questioning the unknown walls of flame, the boy mutters to himself.<br/>
<br/>
"A king who's alone doesn't look good.... Right, I'll summon a servant."<br/>
<br/>
By just thinking that, a magic circle that emits violet light appears on the ground.<br/>
Two circles float to mid-air, then the upper circle projects a light cylinder.<br/>
Black stains are created inside the cylinder, and then it produces a grotesque figure before long.<br/>
<br/>
The figure pushes down the joint cemetery stone monuments to where the boy stands, one after another.<br/>
<br/>
『Your highness, the greater demon [Black Three] has come before your presence, I am blissful.』<br/>
<TLN: The demon refers to himself with 'wagahai'><br/>
<br/>
The boy knits his brow toward the black greater demon that's appeared.<br/>
<br/>
"I am the king. Call me majesty."<br/>
『As you wish, your majesty. I consent.』<br/>
<br/>
Accompanied by the greater demon, the boy who's smiling harder feels an intense vertigo.<br/>
<br/>
"....Guh, w-what?"<br/>
『A human body is brittle, it cannot endure the recoil from the summoning, so is my humble opinion.』<br/>
<br/>
Just as the greater demon had said, the boy's body was assailed by the recoil of the forbidden magic used to summon a greater demon and the sudden shortage of magic power.<br/>
<br/>
"If it's weak, then I can just remodel it, yes, remodel it stronger."<br/>
<br/>
As if waiting for the boy's mutter, the power of magic without chanting transforms the boy's body with crackling sound.<br/>
<br/>
--The bones lengthen, the muscles increase, the figure turns into that of an adult.<br/>
<br/>
"Gugagagaga"<br/>
<br/>
The boy screams with his mouth.<br/>
The physical growth stops when he's become a two-meter tall big figure.<br/>
However, the transformation isn't stopping.<br/>
<br/>
--A thin violet-colored horn appears on his forehead, and his hair lengthens until the waist.<br/>
<br/>
"Haa, haa, haa"<br/>
<br/>
Repeating short panting, the boy's hair is shining silver, his bangs is dyed in violet color.<br/>
The boy clicks his fingers once, and then clothes and mantles appear out of thin air, wrapping the boy's body.<br/>
<br/>
Someone calls to the boy who's dumbfounded with the transformation of his body.<br/>
<br/>
『What a magnificent figure zamasu. With this, his majesty 『Onifolk King』 will be delighted too zamasu.』<br/>
"So it's you--"<br/>
<br/>
The boy looks at the source of the voice.<br/>
There are the green demon in its 30-meter long green dragon mock body, and its lower demon subordinates.<br/>
<br/>
『Please pardon me to be in the form that once bared its fang to the king. I have brought an item for congratulating your highness zamasu.』<br/>
<br/>
Boom, the ground shakes, and then on its place is a lump of magic crystal pillar that has the effect of MP recovery.<br/>
It's not an item that can be gotten easily even for a senior greater demon.<br/>
<br/>
"That is?"<br/>
『It's an item for recovering magic power called magic crystal pillar zamasu.』<br/>
"I see, hand it over."<br/>
<br/>
The boy uses [Magic Hand] magic to move the magic crystal pillar.<br/>
The moment he touches it, the boy's magic power that was about to run out is recovered in a flash.<br/>
<br/>
"This is magnificent."<br/>
『I am extremely delighted to see that it is to your highness's liking zamasu.』<br/>
"Call me majesty."<br/>
『Understood zamasu--』<br/>
<br/>
Even though the green demon is using polite speech toward the boy, perhaps his loyalty doesn't lie to the boy.<br/>
<br/>
The green demon suddenly raises its dragon's neck toward a section of the sky and scowls at it.<br/>
<br/>
『--It seems an annoying person has noticed us zamasu. Leave it to me zamasu.』<br/>
<br/>
After saying that the green demon kicks the ground and soars to the sky.<br/>
<br/>
The lower demons that had accompanied the green demon also disappeared without even leaving a shadow just like when they appeared.<br/>
They're probably familiars for shuttle use. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
『Your majesty's order, I await.』<br/>
"Right. First I'll punish the kidnappers--"<br/>
<br/>
The boy orders the greater demon to bring one of the people of the kingdom that kidnapped him.<br/>
Ignoring the greater demon that showed its displeasure by keeping silent, the boy talks to himself in delirium.<br/>
<br/>
"What kind of punishments should I do? Ordinary punishments are not good. Making that beautiful princess cry tears of fear and regret is good....Right. I have a good plan...."<br/>
<br/>
The boy chuckles to his own good idea.<br/>
Before long, the greater demon returned while carrying an unconscious girl.<br/>
<br/>
"Wake up."<br/>
<br/>
Using mind magic chantlessly, he wakes the girl--Princess Menea up.<br/>
<br/>
"He-here is? ....Demons!"<br/>
<br/>
Princess Menea immediately stands guard, and then throws a magic tool for emergency summon to the ground.<br/>
A mist-like dog shrouded in white mist growls toward the boy and the greater demon.<br/>
<br/>
"Futile."<br/>
<br/>
The boy clicks his fingers, and then the white mist dog disappears into the air with a whimper.<br/>
<br/>
"...N-no way....Chantless magic."<br/>
<br/>
Princess Menea speaks with trembling voice.<br/>
The girl is probably aware.<br/>
<br/>
--An opponent that can use chantless magic, that is.<br/>
<br/>
"....Demon lord."<br/>
<br/>
Princess Menea shrinks back in fear.<br/>
<br/>
"What's wrong? Don't you usually come to me yourself?"<br/>
<br/>
The boy clicks his fingers, and then ivy which grow from the ground restrain Princess Menea and lift her up.<br/>
<br/>
"Do not worry, princess of the kingdom of sinners. I will not kill you immediately."<br/>
<br/>
The boy swings his arm, and then the thick trees are parted to the sides, revealing the royal castle and the big sakura tree beyond.<br/>
<br/>
"First, I who was summoned by you bastards will destroy the capital of a foreign kingdom. Witness the slaughter of your friends and the innocent people, and cry."<br/>
<br/>
Princess Menea who's being scowled by the mad boy is trembling to the point of losing her consciousness.<br/>
Nay, every time she's going to faint, she's forcefully woken up with the boy's magic.<br/>
<br/>
"Once it's over, I'll bring your head to Rumooku Kingdom and abduct that beautiful sister of the king."<br/>
<br/>
The boy laughs with a slight admiration among his insanity.<br/>
<br/>
"....Yuriko-sama is already....."<br/>
<br/>
Princess Menea's mutter never reach the boy.<br/>
<br/>
"First, I'll start with that hateful sakura tree."<br/>
<br/>
Princess Menea sees the visage of a person before the grotesque transformation from the boy's face.<br/>
<br/>
"....Y-you are!"<br/>
<br/>
Taking no notice of the girl, the boy starts a spell chant since the first [Breeze].<br/>
Enormous magic power is gathering to the boy, that spell chant forms a shape.<br/>
<br/>
The sky above the royal castle is split, the tip of a gigantic meteorite shows itself up.<br/>
<br/>
"Fuhahahahaha, look at my meteor! This is power--"<br/>
<br/>
The boy who was going to laugh loudly with spread arms turns toward Princess Menea.<br/>
<br/>
"--What are you doing?"<br/>
<br/>
Before the boy's eyes, a plump boy is struggling to untie Princess Menea from the ivy.<br/>
The boy clicks his fingers, and then the ivy that binds Princess Menea flings the plump boy away.<br/>
<br/>
"Uwaaaa"<br/>
"Souya-dono!"<br/>
<br/>
The boy rolls on the cemetery while repeatedly raising dust.<br/>
<br/>
The boy recognizes the plump Souya boy, but right now he's an existence that's no different than a garbage, he loses interest after glancing at him once.<br/>
The boy clicks his fingers, and then a bundle of fireballs appear.<br/>
<br/>
"Clown begone."<br/>
<br/>
The fireballs explode above the boy, the flame wrap the boy's figure.<br/>
<br/>
There isn't any trace of the charred remain of the boy once the flame disappear.<br/>
<br/>
"Hmph, vaporized without leaving a bone huh..."<br/>
<br/>
Even though he's a bit puzzled, the boy seems to think of it as of little significance, he turns his concern toward the meteorite creation.<br/>
The gigantic meteorite is giving a roaring sound while being created in the sky, however only 50% of it has appeared.<br/>
The boy suddenly looks around, the greater demon scowls at a section of the cemetery.<br/>
<br/>
"--As expected of a greater demon, you're not leaving any opening."<br/>
<br/>
A lone swordsman appears from behind the grove.<br/>
<br/>
"Your majesty, please leave cleaning up the small fry too me. I am industrious."<br/>
"Small fry huh.... Been a while since I was called that. Second seat of Shiga Eight Sword, Heim the 『Weed』, coming!"<br/>
<br/>
He rushes with Flickering Movement, the greater demon also accelerates and counterattacks while leaving black afterimage.<br/>
The demon blocks the great swords with its claw, and then Heim kicks the counterattacking claw away.<br/>
Heim is freely wielding the great sword that should've been heavy and slow, he deals with the greater demon's claw by kicking its tail.<br/>
<br/>
"Fushururuu, you're good human! I am delighted."<br/>
"I'd have died from the first attack if I didn't use the forbidden acceleration drug..."<br/>
<br/>
The greater demon breathes roughly, taking a charging posture with both its claws on the ground.<br/>
In order to meet it, Heim takes an upper stance with the great sword.<br/>
<br/>
"Heim-sama! The one who creates that meteorite is that silver-haired demon lord!"<br/>
<br/>
Princess Menea screams so to Heim, but the greater demon's protection is firm, it seems Heim can't approach the boy.<br/>
When the gigantic meteorite finally starts its fall, the boy speaks to himself while his eyes are chasing it.<br/>
<br/>
"Now, it's the beginning of the end--"<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Aaa! The big sakura tree is--"<br/>
<br/>
Princess Menea's scream resounds throughout the cemetery.<br/>
<br/>
And then, the moment the meteorite is going to touch the big sakura tree, the space over there looks like it's split and then the meteorite disappears.<br/>
<br/>
"I-Impossible!"<br/>
<br/>
There's no one who responds to the boy's surprise.<br/>
<br/>
The moment the meteorite disappears completely, the ground of the royal capital shakes.<br/>
The lone scream of Princess Menea is echoing throughout the cemetery.<br/>
<br/>
"Assistance~?"<br/>
"Assistance for assistant nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Little swordsmen wrapped in golden sparkle break into the place.<br/>
<br/>
"Worthy rivals! I welcome."<br/>
<br/>
The dogfolk swordsman--Pochi assaults the greater demon while leaving blue glow behind.<br/>
The greater demon's claws wrapped in red light clash with the small holy sword, scattering red and blue sparks.<br/>
<br/>
The catfolk swordsman--Tama who's rushing from the side is counterattacked by the demon's tail.<br/>
The tail quickly cuts down the swordsman's stomach, a little figure falls on the cemetery.<br/>
<br/>
--However, the thing that's fallen down is a log wrapped in a pink mantle.<br/>
<br/>
"Utsusemi~?"<br/>
<TLN: Cast-off cicada shell.><br/>
<br/>
Slipping off before anyone knew it, the cat ninja Tama releases Princess Menea, and then takes her away to the edge of the cemetery.<br/>
<br/>
Souya boy who should have lost his life in flames is over there too.<br/>
His survival is due to cat ninja Tama's secret action.<br/>
<br/>
"Impertinent, who are you bastards!"<br/>
<br/>
As if waiting for the boy to ask their identity, several girls in golden armors land on the cemetery.<br/>
<br/>
"Isn't it obvious! We're the allies of justice!"<br/>
<br/>
A girl in golden dress armor whose violet hair is trailing behind--Arisa laughs cheerfully.<br/>
<br/>
"Come now! Let the match be--huh? Why are you here?"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa is shaken when she perceives the former visage of the grown-up boy.<br/>
<br/>
"W-why are you... Answer me!"<br/>
<br/>
The boy throws his mantle, and then he scowls at Arisa with a smug face.<br/>
<br/>
"You servant, you're being haughty toward the one who rules over magic, the omnipotent king, me!"<br/>
<br/>
The boy rebukes Arisa with all his dignity.<br/>
However, without being daunted by it, Arisa asks another question.<br/>
<br/>
"Answer me, you who should have been a hero, why?!"<br/>
"I don't care about the me whose memory was sealed."<br/>
<br/>
The boy clicks his fingers, several force spears appear attacking Arisa.<br/>
<br/>
"Useless useless useless, so I declare."<br/>
<br/>
A beautiful woman wrapped in golden armor--Nana amasses impregnable defensive wall before Arisa. <br/>
The force spears disappear fruitlessly the moment they touch the defensive wall.<br/>
<br/>
"Are you obstructing me, small fries!"<br/>
<br/>
Right at then, boom, a grotesque figure wrapped in green scales is dropped.<br/>
<br/>
"Thank you for the wait, it's the appearance of the star performer! Hero Nanashi Second, coming!"<br/>
<br/>
A woman protected by 13 holy swords glowing blue is taking a victory pose on top of the green dragon.<br/>
<br/>
"Ara~? Your look sure has really changed."<br/>
<br/>
Mito tilts her head when she sees the boy's face.<br/>
<br/>
"H-hey, Mito, you're late."<br/>
"Real sorry. This green greater demon was tenacious you see."<br/>
<br/>
When Mito shrugs her shoulders, the greater demon who's taken the form of a green dragon disappears like a mist.<br/>
It probably couldn't maintain the mock body (avatar).<br/>
<br/>
"Now then, let's fight."<br/>
"Wait a minute. That guy is--"<br/>
"I know. However, I'm a hero, he's a demon lord. That's a reason enough to fight."<br/>
<br/>
Mito holds back Arisa who's still trying to stop the boy.<br/>
<br/>
"Now then, let's go--"<br/>
<br/>
She twirls the holy wand taken out of her Inventory once, and then glares at the boy.<br/>
<br/>
"--Demon Lord Shin!"<br/>
<br/>
Thus the curtain opens for the fight between a demon lord and a hero--.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
