<br/>
※ Not from Satou's point of view.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
14-SS1: People of the Ancient Dragon Continent<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
"Darn it, not even one dragon scale despite walking this far...."<br/>
"It probably means that even the demon lord couldn't hurt Ancient Dragon-sama at all."<br/>
<br/>
Knights in traveling outfits are exchanging words with each other.<br/>
A group of 50 people including knights who were dispatched by a kingdom on the south of the Ancient Dragon continent have come to investigate. Everyone is riding a highly mobile Running Bird.<br/>
<br/>
"Ooy! Come here quick!"<br/>
<br/>
One of the soldiers who had gone ahead of the wasteland as scouts greatly waved his hands.<br/>
The other four who are with him are captivated by the ridge on the other side of the wasteland, they're not waving their hands.<br/>
<br/>
"Th-this is...."<br/>
"I can't believe it."<br/>
<br/>
The young captain snatches the Farsight Tube from one of the scouts and stare at the scenery before his eyes.<br/>
A red haired woman vice-captain who appears beside him does the same thing and peer into the Farsight Tube.<br/>
<br/>
"For fertile land to spread beyond the wasteland like this."<br/>
"That's not the surprising part, look at there! The city is safe."<br/>
"Impossible. I saw it myself when the royal capital of this Katahira Kingdom was burned to the ground by the demon lord's army. The rampart was also half destroyed by a huge demon beast from the demon lord's army."<br/>
<br/>
Unlike the wasteland that the investigation team has witnessed so far, there are lush greenery and a city with systemically built houses before their eyes.<br/>
<br/>
"We won't know anything from here. Let's go into the city."<br/>
"H-however, it might be the demon's trap."<br/>
"Then have the summoner to summon a carrier bird and send a report."<br/>
<br/>
After giving the order, the captain whipped the Running Bird and went ahead.<br/>
<br/>
"Scout unit! Go ahead of the captain! Don't miss any danger!"<br/>
"""UNDERSTOOD."""<br/>
<br/>
With the vice-captain's order, the scouts hurriedly jumped onto the Running Birds.<br/>
Since they're lightly dressed, they probably would quickly catch up with the captain.<br/>
<br/>
The vice-captain takes along the following unit toward the solemn and mysterious city.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"--Does nobody live here?"<br/>
<br/>
Even though there are houses lined up which look ready to live in anytime, there's not even one soul.<br/>
There are furnitures installed inside the houses, yet no tablewares nor food can be found.<br/>
<br/>
Unbelievably enough, every house has waterworks and drainage system installed.<br/>
<br/>
"Captain, the door of the central castle is open."<br/>
"I see, the rampart gate also opened by itself when we touched it."<br/>
"Is it inviting us in?"<br/>
"I don't know."<br/>
<br/>
The captain and the others continue their search without stopping even while feeling weirded out.<br/>
After wandering in the wasteland for two months, arriving at a ruined city--nay, a city with virtually brand new houses that are left unattended, there's no way they can leave it alone.<br/>
<br/>
"However, such mysterious buildings they are. I've never seen buildings like them before."<br/>
"Yeah, they look weak against earthquake."<br/>
<br/>
Apparently, Shiga Kingdom-style stone buildings are unusual on the Ancient Dragon Continent which has a lot of volcanoes.<br/>
Houses made with Architecture magic are stronger than they look against earthquake, but none can see through that on their first sight.<br/>
<br/>
They finally get off the Running Birds when they've trespassed the central castle, and then they dip their hands into the fountain in the front garden.<br/>
It seems they've judged that the water is safe after looking at the Running Birds poking their heads into the water.<br/>
<br/>
"Looks like it's safe. Let us drink the water too."<br/>
"Alright! It's been half a month since we have such clear water."<br/>
"Yummm, this sfuff's not gritty to drink."<br/>
<br/>
Unlike the captain who could get drinking water from water magic, the team members plunged their heads into the fountain and began to drink the water.<br/>
The following group who arrived later lost themselves when they saw their companions plunging their heads into the fountain and rushed up to them, the vice-captain scolded them.<br/>
<br/>
"And, does that seems to be here?"<br/>
"Yeah, the rampart's gate opens by itself and the fountain is working. It's possible."<br/>
<br/>
Accompanied by the vice-captain and escort soldiers, the captain heads toward the underground passage the scouts discovered.<br/>
The escort soldiers were repelled by the barrier on the passage's entrance, but the captain and the vice-captain were able to enter into the lower floor without problem.<br/>
<br/>
"As I thought, only upper nobles can enter huh."<br/>
"Probably only people who can become a landlord."<br/>
<br/>
The captain runs toward the blue light shining in the lower floor.<br/>
<br/>
『Welcome, qualified one.』<br/>
<br/>
An overlapping voice of woman and man of unknown age could be heard.<br/>
The source of the voice is the crystal body floating in the air--City Core.<br/>
<br/>
『I've been ordered by the previous lord [] to hand over the throne to the first qualified one who come here. Which one of you will be registered as the Land Lord?』<br/>
<br/>
The captain steps forward to answer the City Core.<br/>
It seems the two who are bewildered with the situation don't notice that the previous lord name told by the City Core was blank.<br/>
<br/>
"I will inherit it. Former Prince of Natenha, Jeba Natenha will become the new Lord of this land."<br/>
『Registering Jeba Natenha.』<br/>
<br/>
The captain's body is wrapped in light, a mysterious light crown appears on his head.<br/>
<br/>
Figures of people living a poor life in a foreign country appears in the captain--King Jeba's mind.<br/>
And, the cheering voices of his subjects whom he leads to the new land.<br/>
<br/>
"Your Highness, you look splendid."<br/>
"Stop with Highness. I'm the king of this new Natenha Kingdom from now on."<br/>
"Yes, Your Majesty."<br/>
<br/>
Disregarding the two who were overwhelmed by their emotion, the City Core asked 『Would you like to change the city name from Katahira to Natenha?』 at its own pace.<br/>
<br/>
Thus the captain became a prince who obtained a foundation to revive the fallen kingdom as a godsend, but only later on they found out that the city was only made to look like the city before it was destroyed.<br/>
<br/>
The one who reconstructed these cities were not a god, but it was beyond their imagination as ordinary people.<br/>
Much less about the purpose of that person; a practical site for magic experiments and expectation for the revival to complete when he comes to sightsee in the future, none could imagine it was for such a random reason.<br/>
<br/>
"Also, Haryu. You be the first queen."<br/>
"Jeba-sama."<br/>
<br/>
Apparently the new king has also found his spouse following his kingdom.<br/>
As if blessing the two, the song of the Ancient Dragon that rules over regeneration is echoing on the continent.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
※ This is the sequel to 14-Intermission 1: Ancient Dragon Continent and Primeval Magic<br/>
※ Satou only made the city's buildings, the City Core had existed from the start.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
