<br/>
<br/>
14-40. Wyvern Kingdom (7) Turmoil at the Checking Station<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. Fortunately, I've never had to ask myself whether I should desert my country or not. If it were just school or workplace though, I think you should leave before you even had to ask if it was worth your life.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"We, demand, pass through, checking station."<br/>
"Demi-humans, tyranny, unforgivable."<br/>
"Checking station, barrier, immediately, open."<br/>
<br/>
We heard such angry voices as we arrived at the landing spot for wyverns on the multistoried building of the checking station.<br/>
It sounds like the choral chanting in the movie about student movements I saw in the past.<br/>
<br/>
My motivation drops somehow or other.<br/>
I feel like leaving them and going back, but I can't do that since Sera is with me.<br/>
<br/>
We saw mothers holding their babies and children when when were looking from the sky after all.<br/>
<br/>
"--How cruel."<br/>
<br/>
I turn my line of sight hearing Sera's criticism.<br/>
<br/>
I saw Lizardkin and Orange Scalekin soldiers shooting arrows at the people who are trying to cross the border wall and putting their feet on the wetlands.<br/>
I could understand her reaction if they were laughing at the fleeing people, but the truth is a bit different.<br/>
<br/>
According to Attentive Ears skill--.<br/>
<br/>
"You didn't hit them right?"<br/>
"Of course. What's the point of threatening them away from the bottomless swamp of the wetlands if I hit them."<br/>
"Hahn, you trying to speak some intelligent words. Oy, there too."<br/>
"Again huh.... Won't they become obedient if we let one get swallowed by the bottomless swamp?"<br/>
"Don't even joke 'bout it. That's going to haunt our dream."<br/>
"Right."<br/>
<br/>
--Such conversations happened.<br/>
<br/>
When I told that to Sera, she felt ashamed with her remark earlier, but I supported her saying that it was only natural she misunderstood since she couldn't hear them.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Y-your Highness! And even young master of Dragon Horn House!"<br/>
<br/>
An official in charge of the checking station rushed in from the station building and greeted the prince and Macho Warrior.<br/>
He looks like a petty official who's flattering nobles, but judging from his glittering eyes, it seems he's genuinely a fan of the two.<br/>
This is a country who respects strong men isn't it.<br/>
<br/>
"Captain! This is bad! Those guys!"<br/>
<br/>
A soldier who was keeping watch on top of the wall shouted.<br/>
He has stopped looking idle.<br/>
<br/>
Macho Warrior and the prince dashed and the official followed after, so I and Sera also go with them.<br/>
The spiral case that connects to the wall smells of mold, it's stickied with moss and mud.<br/>
<br/>
"--Hear us, frog eaters!"<br/>
<br/>
Human men are on the bridge connecting the border to the checking station with drawn swords.<br/>
In addition to former soldiers of Makiwa Kingdom and members of crime guild, there's even a high level warrior with unknown affiliation. The men are all in [Incited] state.<br/>
<br/>
There's none of the agent provocateurs among them.<br/>
They're still dispersed in the refugees.<br/>
<br/>
These agent provocateurs belong to a mysterious group called [Cannibal Snake].<br/>
I've never heard of them during my journey, and this group doesn't exist in the countries I know.<br/>
Despite being a crime guild, skill compositions of the members don't lose to professional spies. They're probably special agents specialized in illegal activities of some country somewhere.<br/>
<br/>
If the men speaking in unison earlier were like the demonstrators influenced by student movement, then these guys are probably the professional terrorist ones.<br/>
Every member has Murder offense, the high leveled warrior even has [Homicidal Maniac] title.<br/>
<br/>
They've pointed their swords to three lizardkin people who are tied with ropes.<br/>
According to AR reading, the three of them are commoners of Silga Kingdom. It seems they're fishermen of a small village to the south.<br/>
<br/>
"Open the station if you value these guys' life. Their limbs will be cut off every time the sand falls down in this hourglass."<br/>
<br/>
The lizardkin hostages screamed hearing the cruel words of the men's leader.<br/>
<br/>
"--Shut up."<br/>
<br/>
With the leader's sign, the high level warrior cuts off a lizardkin's tail with his sword.<br/>
The bridge is turning red every time the tail squirms.<br/>
<br/>
"Unforgivable--"<br/>
<br/>
Macho Warrior who saw that brutality jumped down the multistoried building.<br/>
With his level, he's probably fine at only this height.<br/>
<br/>
"That idiotic fool, he done and got himself worked up from such an obvious provocation."<br/>
<br/>
The prince who disparaged the macho warrior with downtown language unfitting of a royalty jumped down while looking like it couldn't be helped.<br/>
They're quite a good pair.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou-san, let us go too."<br/>
<br/>
Sera said with shaking voices.<br/>
She's been quiet since awhile ago, apparently she's shaken with anger.<br/>
<br/>
Her dignified face with raised eyebrows looks quite cool.<br/>
<br/>
I'm bothered with the movement of the markers on the map, but she's probably safer beside me than me leaving her.<br/>
I know the agents' positions, but there's a possibility that there might be brainwashed people in the checking station.<br/>
<br/>
I carry Sera in my arms and then follow after the two.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"I-If you come any closer--"<br/>
<br/>
Macho Warrior got close to the men before they could threaten him.<br/>
<br/>
The spear thrust by Macho Warrior was somehow blocked by the high level warrior's shield.<br/>
<br/>
"--Tsk, you're good."<br/>
"You won't pass through."<br/>
"Oh I will--"<br/>
<br/>
Macho warrior's spear was a decoy, he pulled the warrior's pivot leg with his tail.<br/>
<br/>
"Y-you coward."<br/>
"Coming from someone taking hostages."<br/>
<br/>
The prince who caught up with Macho Warrior thrust his spear while saying so.<br/>
The warrior's shield seems to be a magic item, but it's out of its league this time.<br/>
<br/>
"I-Impossible...."<br/>
"Repent in human hell. Your friends will follow soon."<br/>
<br/>
The prince's Dragon Fang Spear which pierced through the shield stabbed the warrior's heart.<br/>
As I thought, the prince's Dragon Fang Spear has higher piercing power than Macho Warrior's Dragon Horn Spear.<br/>
<br/>
The refugees who are surrounding us from a distance scream.<br/>
<br/>
Looks like Macho Warrior has begun stabbing the other terrorists.<br/>
The people here really are merciless against their enemy.<br/>
<br/>
I'm not good with violent scenes, so I'd like to refrain from seeing such things.<br/>
<br/>
"Don't kill them all! Leave some for interrogation later."<br/>
"Tsk, can't be helped."<br/>
<br/>
Receiving the prince's order, Macho Warrior knocked down two of the men.<br/>
They're not dead indeed, but their limbs are turned to odd directions. Their ribs seem to be broken too.<br/>
<br/>
As we caught up, we didn't join the battle and went to the lizardkin hostages instead.<br/>
<br/>
Besides the cut tail, they also have some injuries from beating, so I'll let Sera take care of that, while I pick the squirming tail on the ground.<br/>
The lizard's tail was cut, but once I sticked it to the wound and let the man drink mid magic potion, it got attached back.<br/>
<br/>
He can probably move it again after getting some rehabilitation.<br/>
<br/>
"--You murderer!"<br/>
<br/>
One of the agents mixed among the refugees threw a stone while shouting.<br/>
<br/>
He probably used [Inciting] skill at the same time.<br/>
I remember the odd sense of having my mind getting hazy.<br/>
<br/>
I check the bracelet magic tool I've made myself.<br/>
This is a magic tool intended to be a simple version of Raka, it has automatic self-defense against mental interference, and automatically recovers when you're attacked with paralyze, stun or any kind of debuff.<br/>
It cannot speak, but it has preset to distinguish them and automatically deal with them even without the user's input.<br/>
In addition, it can also defend against physical and magic attacks, but unfortunately it can be broken by a single mid level magic from me.<br/>
It's still possible to improve on that section.<br/>
<br/>
"Revenge for our countrymen!"<br/>
"Make the frog eaters bathe in blood!"<br/>
"Blood for blood!"<br/>
<br/>
It seems there are refugees who are cooperating with the agents, unreasonable abuses and stone-throwing come from the location where the agents can't be found.<br/>
Even though they were the one who did the harm first, they act like the victims now.<br/>
<br/>
"Hmph, what can such pebbles do."<br/>
<br/>
Macho Warrior smiles ferociously, then he swings his spear like a fan to fling back the stones, slightly later, the prince invokes [Air Shield] magic to repel the stones back to the crowd.<br/>
<br/>
Some stones also come flying toward us, so I use mid level force magic [Defense Wall II] to create a transparent dome shaped barrier.<br/>
Unlike the lower force magic [Defense Wall], you can go in and out of this freely.<br/>
<br/>
With a bwoosh sound, the prince's [Air Shield] had been broken.<br/>
<br/>
"Tsk, a magician huh--"<br/>
<br/>
The prince's loathing was interrupted by a stone that hit his forehead.<br/>
It seems he has taken his helmet off after meeting the checking station's official.<br/>
<br/>
"I'll crush you damn small frieeeeeeeeeees!"<br/>
<br/>
The prince who's bleeding on his forehead shouted in rage.<br/>
<br/>
With that wrath, the crowd's state changed from [Enraged] to [Panic].<br/>
Apparently, his shout earlier was added with [Coercion] skill.<br/>
<br/>
The crowd begin to run away from the prince one after another.<br/>
<br/>
"Uwaaaaaah, we'll be killeeeeeed."<br/>
"Run! We'll get eaten from the head!"<br/>
"My child isn't here, where is my childdddd."<br/>
<br/>
The panicked male refugees run while kicking down the frail old people and women.<br/>
<br/>
I make an effort to save the weak as much as possible using [Magic Hand].<br/>
Unlike the criminals earlier, I can't let ordinary women and children get hurt even though they have the same ideology.<br/>
<br/>
As expected I couldn't save all 1000 people, people who got their bone fractured and injured appeared one after another.<br/>
<br/>
"--Don't think I'll let you run!"<br/>
<br/>
It seems the prince intends to pursue them.<br/>
<br/>
"I'll crush the left side. You do the right side."<br/>
"O-ou."<br/>
<br/>
Macho Warrior seemed to be taken aback by the prince's angry look.<br/>
I don't intend to watch a mass slaughter, so I need to act now.<br/>
<br/>
"Please calm down."<br/>
<br/>
I come out of the checking station and whack the prince's head with a long wand I've taken from my bag.<br/>
<br/>
"What are you doing!"<br/>
"I canceled your abnormal status with magic. It seems there's someone who can use incitement magic over there."<br/>
<br/>
I told the turning prince while checking that his [Enraged] state had returned to blank.<br/>
I used mind magic [Cool Down] since his magic armor would have been broken if I used the usual Break Magic.<br/>
<br/>
Macho Warrior's state had already restored when he was taken aback by the prince's action.<br/>
It's probably because simple mind is easy to get abnormal status, but in turn it's also easy to be restored from one.<br/>
<br/>
"--■ Erase Evil Effect"<br/>
<br/>
Glittering light emitted from Sera rain down upon the refugees.<br/>
<br/>
Sera's advanced level holy magic removed abnormal status of the refugees.<br/>
This magic doesn't last long even though its effect is immediate, so I use mind magic's [Calm Field] to prevent them from getting incited again.<br/>
<br/>
Since the refugees are spread far and wide, I expand the effective range by stretching it thin.<br/>
The effectiveness slightly decreases, but it should be enough to lower the success rate of the incitement.<br/>
Advanced magic could probably protect them easily, but since there were many frail people among the refugees, I didn't use high powered magic which would have big burden on their bodies.<br/>
<br/>
With this, I've stopped the refugees from rioting and prevented the agents' secret maneuver. <br/>
<br/>
Arresting the agents and their cooperators will be for later.<br/>
That is because--.<br/>
<br/>
I see a priest in white clothing walking toward here from the wasteland that has quieted down from Sera's magic.<br/>
<br/>
--It seems the next one is the fake apostle.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
