<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
14-39. Wyvern Kingdom (6) Silga Castle<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. There are people who slander others only from rumors without ever meeting them face-to-face. There were also times I believed in rumors, but I think most of them ended up in my impression changing "They were a surprisingly good person" when I actually met the other party directly.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Viscount Pendragon-sama, I've come to guide you."<br/>
"Thank you."<br/>
<br/>
We're led by a maid to the audience chamber.<br/>
<br/>
Today Lady K is not Lady Karina but Hikaru.<br/>
It's because Lady Karina would show it on her face the moment they inquired about Liza.<br/>
Zena-san and Hikaru are also easy to read but Pochi and Lady Karina are special cases...<br/>
<br/>
--Oh?<br/>
<br/>
There's a marker with color that's neither foe or friend on the radar.<br/>
It's the weaselkin merchant who sent the adventurers to the Shadow Castle in Rumooku Kingdom.<br/>
<br/>
I open the map and check, it seems he's only nearby at level plane, he's actually far below underground--imprisoned in a prison.<br/>
It seems he's with his slaves in the prison, a rabbitkin wyvern rider and a human woman who has Item Box skill.<br/>
<br/>
I don't know what they did in this country, but I'm not interested enough to see them in the prison, so I'll just ignore them.<br/>
He tried to sneak into the Shadow Castle to steal the [Float Core] and artifacts after all.<br/>
<br/>
"--I'm going to the Black Dragon Mountains to look for the goddess!"<br/>
<br/>
The macho warrior from yesterday jumped out of the audience chamber while shouting like that.<br/>
<br/>
As he was going to collide with me, I lightly fling him away.<br/>
I'm sorry, but he'd knock down the princess and Sera behind me if I evaded him normally so there was no helping it.<br/>
<br/>
Since I only threw him lightly, the macho warrior rotated in the air and landed on his feet.<br/>
That's some great athletic ability despite him wearing full body armor.<br/>
<br/>
"Excuse me, are you hurt anywhere?"<br/>
"That's some skill--you, have we met somewhere?"<br/>
<br/>
Looks like he doesn't remember me since I wore recognition inhibition equipment when we met yesterday.<br/>
I was wearing the normal one when we were trying various foods on the road to the shrine so I was worried, but it appears to be unfounded.<br/>
<br/>
"Isn't it just your imagination?"<br/>
<br/>
I won't clearly deny it.<br/>
This guy doesn't have Fathom skill, but there's a high possibility of lineage nobles having that kind of item here, the place with royal family.<br/>
<br/>
"Wait! Don't you think the next king is allowed to run away!"<br/>
<br/>
A good-looking red scale prince rushed out of the audience chamber, caught the macho warrior's shoulders and forcefully turned him around.<br/>
He puts his face close to the macho warrior their foreheads look like they'll touch, it seems he wants to talk in secret.<br/>
<br/>
"My"<br/>
"Ooh"<br/>
<br/>
I heard sounds waxed with rotten smell coming from the princess and Hikaru. <TLN: wiki "Fujoshi"><br/>
I ignore the two like a gentleman would.<br/>
<br/>
Since outsiders will only be a hindrance in this passionate talk between young men, I merely nod to the two and continue into the audience chamber.<br/>
I felt slightly reproachful glances from the princess and Hikaru, but our work comes first.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Shiga Kingdom's Viscount, Sir Satou Pendragon--"<br/>
<br/>
A red scale knight standing beside the entrance shouts out loud.<br/>
Apparently, he's introducing people who are coming inside.<br/>
<br/>
We don't have to introduce ourselves, nice.<br/>
<br/>
After exchanging greetings which differ by country, we get into the main issue of the audience.<br/>
<br/>
"--I see, sightseeing is a way to learn cultures and livelihood of people in foreign countries huh."<br/>
<br/>
For some reason, I had to explain the meaning of sightseeing to Silga King who seemed to be interested in it.<br/>
<br/>
"Then, I will also go tour Shiga Kingdom and Saga Empire after I abdicate my throne later."<br/>
"That's a wonderful thought."<br/>
<br/>
It might sound like a flattery, but it's my true feeling.<br/>
The main cause of disputes are un-mutual understanding between people and countries.<br/>
<br/>
I think it's a really good thing if the knowledge is spread by the top person of the country.<br/>
<br/>
"By the way viscount, it seems that there's a retainer of yours, a master of spears, who have defeated the 『Unfalling』-dono."<br/>
"Yes, Dame Kishresgalza is the best spear-user among my retainers."<br/>
<br/>
While thinking "Here it comes" in my mind and being cautious, I boasted about Liza to the king who said it as if he was admiring her.<br/>
Since Shiga Eight Swords is a symbol of military force from a foreign country's perspective, it's kinda hard to boast Liza's victory.<br/>
<br/>
"I-I thought it was just a rumor, so it was true that she defeated that incarnation of valor, Sir Julberg!"<br/>
<br/>
The king stood up from the throne and shouted.<br/>
Is it really something that surprising?<br/>
<br/>
If we're talking about fighting strength, I think Lady Ringrande, and hero's attendants, the warriors Rususu and Fuifi can win against Sir Julberg....<br/>
<br/>
"I got the chance to have a bout with him before I assumed the throne, that person was extraordinary.... I respect Shiga Kingdom which has such a warrior serving under it, but to think a retainer, and a viscount's retainer at that, was such a warrior...."<br/>
<br/>
Silga King dropped down to his throne exhaustedly.<br/>
Is he praising Liza or speaking ill of me, it's hard to tell which.<br/>
<br/>
"Your Majesty, people shouldn't be measured solely by their strength. Sir Pendragon is a great person."<br/>
"Excuse my rudeness, but Viscount-sama is idolized by that exceptional virtuous Kishresgalza-dono."<br/>
<br/>
Princess Shistina and Sera talked to the king while looking very proud.<br/>
<br/>
This country seems to be dominated by males, there are unpleasant reactions when the two talked to the king.<br/>
I don't like the bad-mouthing rustles I can hear from here.<br/>
<br/>
However, we didn't come to pick a fight, so I'll act like an adult here.<br/>
<br/>
"Your Majesty, please excuse my entourages."<br/>
"I do not mind. It appears Viscount is well liked by women."<br/>
<br/>
I held back the princess and Sera and apologized to the king, he let it pass with a laugh.<br/>
<br/>
When the mood of the place has become relaxed, the king suddenly throws a straight ball.<br/>
<br/>
"The spearswoman who defeated Bouryu-sama was Dame Kishresgalza right?"<br/>
"--What is it about?"<br/>
<br/>
I was able to put an exquisite interval since I had anticipated it.<br/>
It'd be suspicious if I said it too promptly, so I had practiced with Arisa beforehand.<br/>
<br/>
It somehow reminded me of the stress interviews during job hunting.<br/>
<br/>
"Who is this Bouryu-sama?"<br/>
"I see, Sir Pendragon doesn't know huh. Bouryu-sama is the chief of the lesser dragons sitting on the sacred mountain, he's sort of a guardian of our country."<br/>
<br/>
--Hohou?<br/>
<br/>
Bouryu-kun wasn't just a wild kid huh?<br/>
<br/>
"When he found a herd of Naga to the west, he brought his followers along to exterminate them, and when he heard that a Hydra appeared to the east, he merrily challenged it to a fight--our country's peace is all thanks to dragons-sama's doing."<br/>
<br/>
So he's really just a wild kid....<br/>
All's good since he seems to be helpful though.<br/>
<br/>
"I may look like this but I'm also a spearsman. I'd like to receive coaching from Dame Kishresgalza, would you mediate for us today?"<br/>
"I'd like to comply Silga King's wish, however--unfortunately, she is currently exploring the labyrinth in the labyrinth city Selbira."<br/>
"What, are you saying that you didn't bring a retainer excelling at fighting in a dangerous journey?"<br/>
<br/>
The calm and composed Silga King is plainly surprised to hear my reply.<br/>
<br/>
--Is it really that strange?<br/>
<br/>
When I think about it, it is indeed strange.<br/>
I completely forgot that traveling in this world means risking your life.<br/>
<br/>
Moreover, this is a trip with a relatively high risk.<br/>
<br/>
When I was thinking how to explain it, sounds of bells rang in the audience chamber.<br/>
<br/>
"Alarm bell--this sound, the border eh."<br/>
<br/>
Attentive Ears skill picked up Silga King's muttering.<br/>
Looks like something happened in the border.<br/>
<br/>
Checking the map, luminous points signifying people have gathered in the east border.<br/>
800 soldiers of this country and 1000 mix of soldiers and commoners of the neighboring country.<br/>
<br/>
There are a lot of injured people among the commoners, most are about to run out of stamina.<br/>
<br/>
I heard that there was a tension between the neigboring Makiwa Kingdom and Weasel Empire, but it seems the war has already started.<br/>
<br/>
Then, a messenger rushed in.<br/>
<br/>
"Your Majesty! Reporting in--"<br/>
<br/>
I thought I should leave here, but for some reason Silga King said, "Let Sir Pendragon hear it too", detaining me.<br/>
<br/>
"--1000 commoners of Makiwa Kingdom have surged in the eastern national border."<br/>
<br/>
Hearing the soldier's report, the high officials and military officers in the audience chamber make a commotion.<br/>
<br/>
"So the war between Makiwa Kingdom and Weasel Empire has begun at last...."<br/>
"If there are 1000 refugees, does that mean they've lost to the weaselkin?"<br/>
"How will His Majesty react."<br/>
"Even His Majesty won't be whimsical enough to take care of Makiwa Kingdom's people infamous for hating demi-humans."<br/>
"There is no reason to lend a hand to people who despise anyone besides humans."<br/>
<br/>
On the other hand, Silga King's expression doesn't change.<br/>
It seems he had expected this situation. "Quiet!", with a thundering voice, he urges the messenger to continue.<br/>
<br/>
"So, what do they want?"<br/>
"Someone claiming to be the representative of the commoners said that they wanted to emigrate to Shiga Kingdom, thus they wished to pass through our country."<br/>
<br/>
That's quite rash.<br/>
Going to Shiga Kingdom by walking on foot is already hard enough, I think it's impossible for them to go through the monster dominions located between Silga Kingdom and Shiga Kingdom.<br/>
<br/>
I peek at the Tourism Ministry book in the storage, it seems it's possible for a vice minister to accept immigration.<br/>
However, the one who accepted them has to act as their guardian, securing their livelihood and employment.<br/>
<br/>
"Sir Pendragon, you are famous for your profound mercifulness. If you wish to save your kind, I will not hesitate to allow them pass through our country."<br/>
<br/>
Fumu, I don't mind saving people in trouble, but the words [hating demi-humans] I heard from one of the officials bother me.<br/>
I don't want to bring seeds of trouble to Muno Territory.<br/>
<br/>
On the other hand, I'm also reluctant to leave them all to another territory.<br/>
Perhaps I can exchange them with demi-humans in Seryuu territory as a solution?<br/>
<br/>
"Satou, I'm against it."<br/>
"Satou-san, please give mercy to people with no place to go."<br/>
<br/>
Princess Shistina is against it, Sera is in favor.<br/>
I look at the two people who are acting as the guards.<br/>
<br/>
Hikaru's eyes are fully expecting to help them, Zena-san too, is having a complicated expression that looks like it's saying, "I'd like to help them if possible."<br/>
<br/>
"--Humans sure are troublesome. Just save them if they're your kind no?"<br/>
<br/>
The macho warrior advised me who was hesitating.<br/>
Being simple is nice.<br/>
<br/>
"I cannot answer immediately. I'd like to talk to them once if possible, would you allow?"<br/>
"Very well, I give you the permission."<br/>
"Then I'll escort him to the border."<br/>
<br/>
The macho warrior suggested so to me who got the permission from the king.<br/>
For some reason the prince is also going to tag along too.<br/>
<br/>
Rather than securing my safety, it's probably to prevent the macho warrior from running away.<br/>
<br/>
"A wyvern can only take two people. Choose one of viscount's entourages."<br/>
<br/>
I've ridden on a lesser dragon and Black Dragon, but this is my first time with a wyvern.<br/>
<br/>
Now then, whom should I choose.<br/>
As Hikaru is to guard Princess Shistina who's against this, between Sera and Zena-san--I'll go with Sera.<br/>
<br/>
She should be able to openly heal the troubled refugees with her holy magic.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"I can see 'em!"<br/>
<br/>
I can't see due to the macho warrior's body obstructing, so I lean my body slightly and look below.<br/>
There's a [Great Wall of China]-like wall constructed in the national border, refugees have gathered on the road in front of the checking station.<br/>
<br/>
I should be able to hear them through the wind.<br/>
<br/>
"Could you circle once above them?"<br/>
"--Hahn? Sure, but it won't be funny if we're sniped. Are you fine at an altitude outside arrow reach?"<br/>
"Yes, please."<br/>
<br/>
The moment the macho warrior took the wyvern out of the border, I executed All Map Exploration.<br/>
Now I don't have to worry about surprise attacks from the other side of the border.<br/>
<br/>
--This is bad.<br/>
<br/>
I've expected that there would be people with [Inciting] and [Brainwashing] skills among the refugees, but I didn't expect that there would be one with [Unknown Skill].<br/>
Since the person is in the back of the refugees, I'll put a marker now and get in touch later.<br/>
<br/>
I think the person is a reincarnated person judging from the name, Kei, but the hidden titles, [Believer of Zaikuon] and [Fake Apostle] are intriguing.<br/>
This person must be the [Apostle] from the [Salt Pillar] incidents right?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
