<br/>
<br/>
14-14. Bolhart (1)<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. Meeting a friend in an unexpected place makes for a lively conversation. There were even times when the day ended before you realized it even though you met at noon.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"What a wonderful scenery."<br/>
"Yes, this must be the famous great river of Oyugock Dukedom."<br/>
<br/>
Princess Shistina replied to Zena.<br/>
Our small airship is currently going upstream in the sky above the great river.<br/>
<br/>
The other girls are also enjoying the scenery from the viewing deck.<br/>
This place is protected with [Canopy] magic, it's a safe design that won't even let their skirts flipped by the wind.<br/>
<br/>
"Nice view~?"<br/>
"Tama, that place is dangerous nodesu!"<br/>
"It's awright~"<br/>
<br/>
While that may be so, Tama, doing a daunting pose on top of the thin railing is a bit.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, it's a flock of migratory birds so I report."<br/>
"Nn, flamingos."<br/>
<br/>
Nana and Mia are pointing to a flock of fatty pink colored birds that are crossing the large river.<br/>
They're a bit different than the flamingos I know, but they're probably the flamingos here.<br/>
<br/>
Arisa who was looking at the spectacle listlessly suddenly looks taken aback and then she swings her arms.<br/>
<br/>
"Those who are free, look to the port side!" <br/>
"Arisa? That's the starboard you know?"<br/>
<br/>
Lulu corrected Arisa's mistake.<br/>
Looking at Arisa's awkward expression and her theatrical tone, it must have been some kind of parody.<br/>
<TLN: Apparently, a gundam's reference. Episode 31 of the original anime.><br/>
<br/>
"Master, I caught two birds for now, I wonder if they're delicious roasted whole?"<br/>
<br/>
There are two flamingos with wired harpoons on Liza's arms.<br/>
<br/>
--Liza, too quick.<br/>
<br/>
"If I'm not mistaken, it tastes like chicken, should we barbecue it?"<br/>
"Yes! Once I've drained the blood, I'll strip off the beautiful feathers."<br/>
"Yeah, I'm counting on you."<br/>
<br/>
I've eaten some flamingo in a trip abroad back then, but I never thought that I would get to eat it in another world too.<br/>
<br/>
We arrived at the grapevine mountains in the evening of the day.<br/>
<br/>
There was still some time until the ships cruising the large river stopped coming, so we went to the herd of Sky Deers in the neighboring summit to kill time.<br/>
<br/>
"Prey~?"<br/>
"Pochi will catch them this time nodesu!"<br/>
"You can't."<br/>
"Pochi can't nanodesu?"<br/>
"Yup, you can't."<br/>
<br/>
The beastkin girls wanted to hunt the sky deers, but since I had a little debt with the Sky Deers, I told them not to.<br/>
The slightly downhearted Pochi looked cute, but I can't yield here.<br/>
<br/>
Afterward I negotiated with the management of the Phantom Firefly Cavern's service and got the permission to directly cruise in the cavern by half-submerging the airship in the water.<br/>
<br/>
"Oh my! This place is the famous Phantom Firefly Cavern isn't it! Mrs. Litmaiya boasted about it when she got married."<br/>
"Hee, that stiff principal did huh~"<br/>
<br/>
While the princess who came here for the first time and Arisa were conversing about a common acquaintance, they look around the Phantom Firefly Cavern.<br/>
<br/>
Zena-san who also saw the cavern for the first time looked at the ceiling too much, she lost her balance and fell back.<br/>
<br/>
"Kya"<br/>
"Are you alright?"<br/>
"Y-yes! Thank you Satou-san."<br/>
<br/>
Supported by me, Zena-san seems to be embarrassed with her blunder, she looks really bashful.<br/>
<br/>
"Kuh, he naturally raised a flag!"<br/>
"Mwu, guilty."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa and Mia muttered something, but everyone was able to thoroughly enjoy the Phantom Firefly Cavern without any trouble.<br/>
It's possible to enjoy the time here no matter how many times you come here huh.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
After we had done greeting the viceroy of Gururian city, we changed our clothings to commoner clothes and took a walk around the city.<br/>
We're split into several groups since it'd be too conspicuous if we were in one large group.<br/>
<br/>
The ones who are with me are Arisa, Lady Karina and Sera.<br/>
<br/>
"Is this gururian? I like ankoromochi more desuwa."<br/>
<br/>
We got some huge adzuki beans after defeating plant-type monsters [Adzuki Shooters] during our leveling in the labyrinth, so there was a time when I made some koshian and ankoromochi.<br/>
That reminds me, her face was full of bean jam along with Pochi and Tama wasn't it.<br/>
<br/>
"Y-you're eating it with bare hands?"<br/>
"That's right! You don't split them with chopsticks, the right manners to do it is by heartily biting them whole!"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa instills some manners to the bewildered upper-class Sera.<br/>
<br/>
She pushes her face asking for me to wipe the bean jam around her mouth.<br/>
Geez, what a hopeless girl.<br/>
<br/>
"I did this to service Master."<br/>
<br/>
....Don't lie.<br/>
<br/>
I stopped Sera who looked like she was going to follow Arisa's nonsense, and wiped Lady Karina who was too late to be stopped.<br/>
For some reason, Sera who should be spotless looked vexed. It's a mystery.<br/>
<br/>
"Ah! Noble onii-chan!"<br/>
<br/>
A little girl who was cleaning a hardware store found me and then happily ran to me.<br/>
<br/>
....Who is she again?<br/>
<br/>
"Look, she was one of the girls who rode in our carriage when we came to the city back then."<br/>
<br/>
I recalled her with Arisa's help.<br/>
Ah, come to think of it, we did let a pair of villager sisters who were looking for employment to ride in our carriage.<br/>
<br/>
"Is your big sister healthy?"<br/>
"Un, she is!"<br/>
<br/>
The little girl's line of sight was locked on to the gururian that I was eating, so I let her eat it.<br/>
She's in the middle of her work, but a mouthful should be fine.<br/>
<br/>
"Yummyy!"<br/>
<br/>
I intended to only give her a mouthful, but since it looked like she was even going to eat my hand, I gave her the whole gururian.<br/>
<br/>
"Now then, Master, your hand please."<br/>
<br/>
I pinned and stopped Arisa who was going to lick the remaining red bean paste on my hand.<br/>
Sera presented a handkerchief, but I used life magic [Soft Wash] to clean the paste instead of dirtying the handkerchief.<br/>
<br/>
The little girl and Arisa said, "What a waste!"<br/>
The two must have different meanings of that.<br/>
<br/>
An acquaintance showed up from the hardware shop that the girl was working at.<br/>
It's Galhar-shi, the dwarf magic shop manager who helped me in defeating the [Golden Wild Boar King], I'm greatly indebted to him.<br/>
The big sister villager girl came out from behind him, but I'll leave it Arisa to talk with her.<br/>
I lightly put up my hand to respond the villager girl big sister who bowed her head.<br/>
<br/>
"It's been awhile Galhar-san."<br/>
"If it isn't Satou-dono!"<br/>
<br/>
Galhar-shi firmly shakes my hand for the reunion.<br/>
Thinking it was strange that he came out of a hardware store instead of a magic shop, I asked him about it.<br/>
<br/>
"The shopkeeper here has a hobby y'see. I came here to challenge him in an 『Arithmetic Game』. I couldn't do it at all when Driar-shi became a mayor, but he, Jojori and I learned 『Advanced Arithmetic』 under Driar-shi you see."<br/>
<br/>
Galhar-shi had a faraway look toward the sky while saying, "It was fun."<br/>
I asked him about his plan after this, it seemed that he's going to take a carriage to Bolhart city by the request of a merchant friend.<br/>
<br/>
"I plan to go to Bolhart city too, would you like to go together?"<br/>
"Is it alright? Then maybe I should take the ride."<br/>
<br/>
Since he readily consented like that, it was decided that we were to go together but--.<br/>
<br/>
"Eh? Airship? Personal airships, aren't those only the Boruenan Light Ships? Eh? Is it because of Misanalia-sama?"<br/>
<br/>
--And so he was panicking for the first half of the trip.<br/>
I feel like I somehow did a bad thing.<br/>
<br/>
"Are you alright?"<br/>
"Yeah sorry for troubling you...."<br/>
<br/>
After drinking a jug of ale, he changed back to his dandy calm state.<br/>
<br/>
"S-so, are you going to Teacher's forge in Bolhart city?"<br/>
"Yes, there's that too.... I've got my hands on some God Metal (Orichalcon), so I plan to present them to Dohar-shi."<br/>
"God Metal (Orichalcon)? The one manufactured by High Elves-sama?"<br/>
<br/>
I wonder if it's known as something High Elves created?<br/>
Even without High Elves, you can manufacture them as long as you have some philosopher's stone and high level skills.<br/>
In fact, I can manufacture them just fine.<br/>
<br/>
"No, I got it from a little connection of mine."<br/>
"Beautiful.... So this is God Metal (Orichalcon). The ultimate metal used to create sacred treasures."<br/>
<br/>
I showed him an Orichalcon Ingot while saying so, and then Galhar-shi muttered alone like he was thinking hard.<br/>
<br/>
"If we have this, then teacher will surely....Jojori...."<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
