<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
14-30. Water Peach Kingdom (3)<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. I wonder who first popularized the death flag. Though, I feel the thing that made a friend who said, "I'll go on a ski trip with my girlfriend once I finished my course credit" to end up taking the supplementary lesson was the grudge of the unpopular colleagues. You shouldn't talk about your love affair out loud you know.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"What's wrong Master?"<br/>
"--The princess of this country has been kidnapped, or so I heard."<br/>
<br/>
I briefly answered Arisa who asked.<br/>
<br/>
"Oh no! Then I'll go rescue her. Where's she now?"<br/>
"Oh no oh no~?"<br/>
"Pochi will also go rescuing nodesu."<br/>
"Protecting young organisms is indispensable and a must so I tell."<br/>
<br/>
Hikaru stood up as if it was natural to go help.<br/>
As if pulled by her, Tama, Pochi and Nana also stood up.<br/>
<br/>
Pochi and Tama are still holding their forks stuck with meat dish.<br/>
<br/>
It's not like the princess is particularly our acquaintance and I think she should be saved by this country, but it appears such a thing is irrelevant for Hikaru and the others.<br/>
<br/>
"I'll check it for a bit, wait--"<br/>
<br/>
I told so to everyone and opened the map.<br/>
We don't know if she's really kidnapped just from a rumor.<br/>
<br/>
The rumor said that Princess Rumia was kidnapped, but the one who rode the float was her little sister Princess Rimia.<br/>
I'll search for [Princess] instead of a specific person.<br/>
<br/>
I ignore the luminous points of the princesses in the Royal Capital--there are two outside the city.<br/>
<br/>
Looks like Princess Rimia is near the border of a different map where the Shadow Castle is.<br/>
There were several crime guild people close to her, but I don't know the exact number since they immediately went to a different map with Princess Rimia.<br/>
<br/>
The other luminous point is in the middle of the mountain path between the Royal Capital and the Shadow Castle, moving at a speed faster than a horse.<br/>
This one seems to be Princess Rumia.<br/>
<br/>
There's a luminous point with a marker near Princess Rumia.<br/>
<br/>
Apparently, she's together with the female adventurer who contacted the weaselkin.<br/>
Her marker was in the Royal Capital when I checked it earlier, so she must have taken Princess Rumia from the Royal Capital after that.<br/>
<br/>
I check the present situation of the princess by invoking the space magic [Clairvoyance].<br/>
<br/>
The female explorer is moving in a golem together with princess Rumia in the cockpit.<br/>
The princess is desperately clinging to the female explorer while shutting her eyes, there's no trace of her being violently restrained.<br/>
She probably sought the female explorer's help in order to save Princess Rimia.<br/>
<br/>
"--How is it?"<br/>
"Princess Rimia has been kidnapped by the crime guild people, they're in the Shadow Forest. Princess Rumia seems to be chasing them."<br/>
<br/>
Even if I said the princesses' names, it didn't really mean anything to everyone besides Hikaru and Arisa who had the personal appraisal skills, since the names weren't that important, I summarized the explanation.<br/>
<br/>
"I'll help them out a bit."<br/>
<br/>
It's not really our problem, but in order to enjoy the festival cuisine, I declared to save the princesses quickly.<br/>
<br/>
"Wait."<br/>
"Please wait, Master."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa and Liza controlled me who stood up.<br/>
<br/>
"Although Master can probably do it alone, isn't it easier if we divide the work?"<br/>
"That's right. At lease please take Tama along."<br/>
<br/>
I agreed to Arisa and Liza and it's decided that Hikaru and Arisa will go help Princess Rumia's side while I will go to Princess Rimia's side along with Tama.<br/>
The reason why Arisa is working with Hikaru is in order to secure the way to do teleportation for them.<br/>
<br/>
--Putting that aside, Liza.<br/>
<br/>
Please don't lift up Tama who's holding a venison in her mouth, presenting her to me like she's a stuffed toy.<br/>
<br/>
"Don't worry be happy~"<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Then, I'll leave this side to you."<br/>
"OK."<br/>
"Un, don't let your guard down okay."<br/>
<br/>
I brought Hikaru and Arisa ahead of the place Princess Rumia is heading with space magic [Teleport Gate].<br/>
Hikaru is in Nanashi's disguise and Arisa is wearing the golden armor.<br/>
<br/>
Afterward I opened a [Teleport Gate] in front of the Shadow Forest and moved with Tama there.<br/>
The Shadow Forest map is a teleportation-prohibited area just like the castle of Ban the True Ancestor in the labyrinth's lower layer so I couldn't directly teleport inside.<br/>
<br/>
"The castle pitch black~?"<br/>
<br/>
Tama pointed at a spire of a jet black castle that looks like a silhouette on top of the forest.<br/>
As one might expect of something called Shadow Castle, it's swaying like I'm looking at a mirage.<br/>
<br/>
I hid a carved seal board to be the landmark for Arisa's teleportation.<br/>
<br/>
"Now then, let's go Tama."<br/>
"Aye aye~"<br/>
<br/>
'Pyon', Tama jumped and landed on my shoulder, she then took the pose to ride on it.<br/>
Since Tama is wearing the golden armor, it feels slightly painful.<br/>
<br/>
It became a different map once we walked a bit in the forest, so I used [All Map Exploration] magic to get the details of the blank area.<br/>
Hikaru said that the shadow sentries were protecting it, but there's no one inside the castle that occupies half of the forest.<br/>
Princess Rimia and the crime guild people are stranded in front of the barrier protecting the castle.<br/>
<br/>
According to Hikaru, the barrier should be dissolved if there's a royalty carrying an item called [Necklace of the Treasured Key], it seems there's some kind of problem there.<br/>
<br/>
"--A fake?"<br/>
"I'm not a fake."<br/>
<br/>
I could hear such conversations when we I landed on a pitch black tree branch surrounding them.<br/>
The crime guild boss is holding a pink-colored wig, Princess Rimia's hair color has changed to golden.<br/>
Looks like she doesn't have the pink hair peculiar to Rumooku royalty.<br/>
<br/>
"There's no point if a royalty doesn't have colored hair! You damn fake."<br/>
<br/>
The enraged crime guild boss complained unreasonably and swung his curved sword.<br/>
<br/>
--Oops, that's bad.<br/>
<br/>
"Utsusemi no jutsu~?"<br/>
<br/>
Ninja Tama replaced the princess with a log while camouflaging it with a white smoke.<br/>
Retorting, "Isn't that [Switching] jutsu", here would be boorish of me, so I used this chance to wear Nanashi mask.<br/>
<br/>
"--Who the!"<br/>
"Hello, nice to meet you. Although I think our acquaintance will be short, best regards okay."<br/>
<br/>
While feeling nostalgic with Nanashi's way of talking that I haven't used for a while, I knocked down the crime guild people with the anti-personal [Remote Stun] magic.<br/>
Some screamed, some tried to ran away, and some used their friends or trees as a shield, but I gained total control in about 10 seconds.<br/>
Ninja Tama skilfully collected the torches they had before they fell.<br/>
<br/>
"Are you injured anywhere?"<br/>
<br/>
Even though I asked her that, the princess only keeps shivering with a pale face without answering.<br/>
<br/>
"Is it painful somewhere~?"<br/>
<br/>
The princess shook her head to Tama's question and asked back with a trembling voice.<br/>
<br/>
"Are you shadow sentry-sama who's going to punish Rimia for entering the forest?"<br/>
"We're not."<br/>
<br/>
Once she understood that she was mistaken, she looked relieved and fainted.<br/>
<br/>
Well, I can't blame her.<br/>
This sheltered princess was kidnapped by these evil looking people after all.<br/>
<br/>
I let the little girl to sleep nearby, asked Tama to capture the kidnappers, and then I went around to collect the horses that have dispersed in the forest.<br/>
I met Arisa and the others who are together with Princess Rumia's party when I had collected the last horse.<br/>
<br/>
I've made a bonfire reclyed from the thieves' torches as a mark.<br/>
<br/>
Moving differently from Arisa and the others, it seem this country's second prince and his troops are coming toward here.<br/>
Let's push the duty to take the princesses back to them.<br/>
<br/>
"Rimiaaaaaa"<br/>
"Princess-chan, running is dangerous."<br/>
<br/>
Princess Rumia who found Princess Rimia ran toward her while screaming loudly.<br/>
The female adventurer supported her when it looked like she was going to fall.<br/>
<br/>
Behind the female adventurer, two of her friends in manned golems are following.<br/>
Judging from Hikaru's and Arisa's expressions who are accompanying them, it seems the adventurers didn't kidnap Princess Rimia.<br/>
<br/>
It wouldn't be an emotional reunion if she were still unconscious, so I woke Princess Rimia with wakening magic.<br/>
<br/>
"--Ane-sama?"<br/>
"Rimiaaaaaa"<br/>
<br/>
Little girls who don't look different besides their hair color are crying in relief.<br/>
<br/>
"Quick as always~"<br/>
"The opponents were just some common criminals after all."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa talked to me while looking at the little girls.<br/>
<br/>
"Isn't fine, peace is the best."<br/>
<br/>
Hikaru finished with a smile while putting her hand on Arisa's head.<br/>
Right right, no incident is the best.<br/>
<br/>
I looked up at the sky while confirming a luminous point moving at high speed reflected on the radar.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
