<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
14-20. Snow Kingdom (1)<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. If we're talking about snow, I'd imagine about the time to be self-indulgent by amusing myself reading manga or playing games inside a Kotatsu. It's hard to leave out skis and snowboards, but being inside a warm room is better after all.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Snow!"<br/>
"Oh no nanodesu! Snow nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
After crossing Muno Earldom and the monster dominion, we entered Kiwolk kingdom of the eastern countries beyond the mountain and witnessed a blizzard.<br/>
Since this was my first different world's snow, I temporarily canceled the [Canopy] in the airship's viewing deck and let the snow pile up to enjoy it with everyone.<br/>
<br/>
Once there were enough snow to play around with, I called everyone but somehow, Tama and Pochi seem strange.<br/>
<br/>
"Pochi!"<br/>
"Tama!"<br/>
<br/>
After the two looked at each other, they ran up to me.<br/>
<br/>
"Snow is bad!"<br/>
"Master, if we don't lump together quickly it'll be dangerous nodesu."<br/>
<br/>
The two who tightly cling to my waist turn to everyone and desperately beckon them.<br/>
<br/>
"Liza, quick~, Nana too~"<br/>
"Arisa, and Mia too, quickly stick close together nodesu! Lulu too, Karina too, quick! Nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
I thought it was just a play, but Pochi is hiding her tail between her legs, and their voices sound too serious.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, please excuse me."<br/>
<br/>
Moreover, Liza who was called over hugged me from the front with a serious expression.<br/>
This is quite rare for Liza.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, I was entrusted with an appeal for support. I'll protect the back."<br/>
<br/>
My back found warm and happiness.<br/>
I'm intrigued with the beastkin girls' condition, but let's watch the situation for a little while. Since it's soft.<br/>
<br/>
"Ehehe~ danger is bad isn't it~"<br/>
"Nn, prohibited."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa and Mia happily cling to me tightly.<br/>
<br/>
"Umm, excuse me Master."<br/>
<br/>
Even while looking timid, Lulu put her arms around my neck from the side, embracing me.<br/>
Without knowing, she's the most glued one on me.<br/>
<br/>
"I-I too, um...."<br/>
"I don't really understand, but me too."<br/>
"Satou-sama, please excuse me."<br/>
<br/>
Leaving behind the hesitating Lady Karina, Sera and Princess Shistina embraced my left arm.<br/>
The two are wearing extra clothes for cold weather so there's not much happiness.<br/>
<br/>
"Zena quick~?"<br/>
"Zena too, you'll die if you don't hurry nodesu."<br/>
"It's alright no one will die okay?"<br/>
<br/>
Zena kneels down to match Pochi's and Tama's line of sight, and then she asks about the two's reasons.<br/>
<br/>
"Snow is death god~?"<br/>
"Snow is pretty, but once you touch it, someone will fall if you don't stick together nodesu."<br/>
<br/>
I don't understand, so I seek the explanation from Liza.<br/>
<br/>
"There was a year where we had terrible blizzards when we were with the previous Master.... At that time there were several humans and snake-headkin who froze to death."<br/>
<br/>
I see... It's a trauma from the previous master huh.<br/>
<br/>
"Tama, Pochi, everyone here is alright okay."<br/>
<br/>
To prove that I got rid of the snow on the viewing deck in an instant, and then filled the flight deck with warm spring atmosphere.<br/>
While I was at it, I stopped the blizzard and blew away the cloud outside the airship with the forbidden spell, [Weather Control], letting the sunlight in.<br/>
<br/>
"Lukewarm warm~?"<br/>
"Master is really, really amazing nodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Tama and Pochi smile happily with their whole faces, losing their strength.<br/>
Among the girls who are dumbfounded, only Arisa who stares up at me while looking like she's given up.<br/>
<br/>
I clap Arisa's shoulder to tell that's it's her turn.<br/>
<br/>
"Tama! Pochi! After this Arisa-chan will teach you the true way to play with snow!"<br/>
"Nyu~?"<br/>
"Play with snow nodesu?"<br/>
"That's right! The default will be snowball fights and snowman making, but we'll also make a snow hut and eat some warm swe~et Zenzai and Oshiruko!"<br/>
"Shiruko~?"<br/>
"Are there meat in them nodesu?"<br/>
"Well, there's no meat in Oshiruko, maybe we should make Kenchinjiru too? Oden is also nice, but then I'd want sake and beers with it, so make that an exception."<br/>
<br/>
The ways to enjoy a snow country that Arisa cited one after another won Tama and Pochi over.<br/>
After confirming that Pochi's tail has begun to swing energetically, Arisa starts to encourage them.<br/>
<br/>
"Are you ready?"<br/>
"Aye aye sir~"<br/>
"Roger nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa points at the snowfield with a whack.<br/>
<br/>
"Then let's go!"<br/>
"Go~"<br/>
"Non-stop nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
The youth troupe led by Arisa charge at the snowfield where the airship has landed. Together with Nana and Lady Karina.<br/>
It seems the snow is new, it's soft so they're buried into it.<br/>
Liza seemed to have noticed that, she made use of Magic Armor to create snow-shoes on the sole of her feet and ran with them.<br/>
<br/>
"Let's play around here a bit."<br/>
<br/>
I tell the senior group who are looking at the snowfield and then put down the ramp.<br/>
<br/>
"So this is snow."<br/>
"It's cold, it's melting when it touches my finger."<br/>
<br/>
It seems this is Sera's and Princess Shistina's first snow, they're enjoying the snow happily.<br/>
Lulu is making snow rabbits together with Zena-san.<br/>
<br/>
I make a lodge that's often in ski resorts beside the airship using magic, and move many frost covered trees in the distant to near the building.<br/>
Next, I put a Kotatsu and a potbelly stove magic tools inside the lodge.<br/>
Taking the number of people into consideration, I've put a type of Kotatsu table that can accommodate a lot of people.<br/>
<br/>
When I put my legs inside the Kotatsu, it feels like the good old Japanese culture.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Everyone, thanks for waiting."<br/>
"Sweet smell~?"<br/>
"Zenzai, nanodesu!"<br/>
"Nn, tasty."<br/>
"It smells nice isn't it."<br/>
<br/>
Inside the snow hut, I distribute piping hot Zenzai from the heating earthen charcoal brazier to the youth troupe, including Lady Karina.<br/>
It's still to early for lunch, so these are just snacks.<br/>
<br/>
"Let's play with the sled after we've eaten this."<br/>
"Then Pochi will pull the sled nodesu!"<br/>
"Tama too~?"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa who saw the plaything I created earlier made a suggestion to everyone.<br/>
Arisa who took a glance at the skis and the snowboards muttered, "To have myself among riajuu even in another world....", please stop lumping enjoyable sports like that.<br/>
<br/>
Looks like Nana is making a snow rabbit statue with mysterious pose together with Zena-san.<br/>
There are already snowmen for everyone now. Just how did they make a twintail snowman anyway.<br/>
<br/>
It seems Sera and the princess are not good with cold, they're eating oranges on the Kotatsu inside the lodge.<br/>
Liza and Lulu are making Pork Miso Soup for the lunch in the lodge's kitchen.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou-san, what are these boards used for?"<br/>
<br/>
Zena-san who took a break from making the snow statue tilted her head in puzzlement seeing some skis leaned against the lodge.<br/>
Apparently there's no skis in Seryuu City.<br/>
<br/>
It seems there's still some time before the youth troupe finish their Zenzai anyway, I'll teach Zena-san how to ski.<br/>
<br/>
"They're tools called skis to practice marching on the snow. They make high-speed movement on the snow possible, so people practice using them since they're children in snow countries."<br/>
"U-Um! Can I use them too?"<br/>
"Of course you can."<br/>
<br/>
Zena-san took it seriously, perhaps because I told her that it was military training.<br/>
<br/>
After giving her a simple lecture, the two of us began to slide.<br/>
I have Zena-san to use flight magic along with it. This place isn't a maintained skiing area after all, so it's an insurance for if anything happens.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, unfair!"<br/>
"Mwu"<br/>
<br/>
When the Arisa and Mia saw us sliding on the slope, the two jumped out of the snow hut while carrying a Zenzai bowl on one hand.<br/>
<br/>
"Pochi, Tama, Mia! Let's chase them!"<br/>
"Roger nanodesu."<br/>
"Aye aye~"<br/>
"Nn, pursuit."<br/>
<br/>
They show up with Pochi pulling Arisa's sled and Tama pulling Mia's sled.<br/>
They somehow look like children playing train, but they're high-powered sleds equipped with Pochi Tama engine that won't lose to a snowmobile.<br/>
<br/>
Two sleds are chasing us from behind while blowing up spray of snow.<br/>
The two's kicking power only blow the snow and there's not much driving force, they're slower than they look.<br/>
<br/>
"Zena-san, the one who gets caught up first lose okay."<br/>
"Sa-Satou-san, wait for me."<br/>
<br/>
To enjoy skiing that I haven't been for a long time, I'm not using use any skill or magic at all.<br/>
While enjoying the powder snow that won't lose to the one in Niseko, together with Zena-san, we carve skiing traces like dancing. <TLN: Niseko is a mountain range famous for its ski resorts in Hokkaido.><br/>
Since Zena-san is skiing while using flight magic, she looks skillful enough you won't guess that she's a beginner.<br/>
<br/>
"Wait there! I won't permit love elopement!"<br/>
"Wait~?"<br/>
"Wait~, nanodesu!"<br/>
"Too fast."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa whose Pochi-powered sled was becoming pure white from the piled up snow shouted out some incomprehensible thing.<br/>
Mia who's in the Tama-powered sled looks a bit pale.<br/>
<br/>
Zena-san who's sliding beside me muttered "love elopement" while blushing.<br/>
You've been floating away from the snow surface since a while ago you know?<br/>
<br/>
--Huh?<br/>
<br/>
After an illusion where my legs felt like they were pulled below, my body was thrown out in the air.<br/>
Apparently, the snow below became a cliff.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou-san!"<br/>
<br/>
Zena-san earnestly stretches herself and catches my arm.<br/>
I can just use Sky Drive, but for this occasion, I'll see the results of Zena-san's flight magic practice.<br/>
<br/>
"Uwaa, nanodesu."<br/>
"Uhhyaa"<br/>
<br/>
Pochi and Arisa fell off the cliff.<br/>
<br/>
Arisa [Return Teleport]-ed halfway through along with the sled, but Pochi kept falling.<br/>
She probably went out of the magic range.<br/>
<br/>
"Air kick nanodesu."<br/>
<br/>
I saw Pochi kicking the air to decelerate and regain her posture.<br/>
<br/>
"Trifling nanodesu."<br/>
<br/>
Although, right after she took a shupin pose on the ground, she got swallowed up by the snow from above and rolled down on the slope. It's really like Pochi.<br/>
I open the map to retrieve her back to where everyone is with Unit Arrangement.<br/>
<br/>
--Oh?<br/>
<br/>
It seems there's a local child on the direction Pochi is going.<br/>
<br/>
『Private Pochi, you've got an urgent directive.』<br/>
<br/>
I pass a directive to Pochi who's currently slipping down the slope magnificently through Telephone magic.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
