<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
14-31. Water Peach Kingdom (4)<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. Once you're familiar with a habit, it comes out of you unconsciously. You can say that it's been optimized, but there was a time when it backfired on me when I changed my job and environment.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Although I think Hikaru's flag-like line isn't the culprit, several Wyvern Riders from Rumooku Kingdom's area are coming here flying.<br/>
<br/>
"Pihyororo~?"<br/>
"That sounds like a flute we've heard somewhere isn't it?"<br/>
<br/>
The source of the sound seem to be the Wyvern Riders although we can't see them here because of the trees obstructing the view.<br/>
<br/>
"Guaaaaa"<br/>
"Uuruururururu"<br/>
"Faooooooo"<br/>
<br/>
I shift my glance toward the queer sounds, the tied kidnappers on the ground are writhing in agony while anguishing.<br/>
Parts of their bodies and faces are moving like different creatures, it's quite a horror.<br/>
<br/>
"Uge, that seems dangerous!"<br/>
"Princess-chan, come here with your little sister! Keep a distant from these guys."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa screamed, the female adventurer urged the two princesses to escape with the adventurers.<br/>
<br/>
"Hikaru! Take care of the wyverns."<br/>
"Leave it to me!"<br/>
<br/>
Hikaru kicks the tree and disappears into the sky.<br/>
She should be fine with that side.<br/>
<br/>
"What about Tama~?"<br/>
"I'm counting on Tama to protect Arisa and the others."<br/>
"Nin nin~"<br/>
<br/>
Tama joins her hands in Ninja-style and runs to Arisa.<br/>
<br/>
The kidnappers cut their binding while I was feeling grossed with the spectacle and stood up after becoming grotesque-looking.<br/>
<br/>
I remember these figures.<br/>
They look like someone who has excessively taken Fiend Drugs.<br/>
<br/>
The difference is the existence of the wriggling red rope-like light magic circles on their bodies--They're likely the human version of the [Red Rope Monsters] that attacked Shiga Kingdom's Royal Capital.<br/>
<br/>
--What a bad taste.<br/>
<br/>
I'm sorry for the adventurers who are holding their sword and wands in alert, but I'll deal with this quick.<br/>
I hate splatter after all.<br/>
<br/>
I invoke the advanced force magic [Magic Arm] to immobilize the kidnappers, and drain their magic power all at once with [Mana Drain Thorn].<br/>
This magic is a version of [Mana Drain] that works against many people at once, furnished with thorn-like light that grow in all directions as a visual.<br/>
The quantity of the MP drain is less than the original but it's more than enough for these guys.<br/>
<br/>
The kidnappers whose magic power have been drained become mummy-like.<br/>
It's still better than being grotesque-looking but it seems they won't go back to their original figures like the people who were addicted with Fiend Drug.<br/>
<br/>
--Nn?<br/>
<br/>
The luminous points of the adventurers reflected on the radar are moving toward the Shadow Castle.<br/>
Come to think of it, that female adventurer undertook the job of carrying the [Magic Creature for Intelligence Gathering] into the Shadow Castle from the weaselkin huh.<br/>
She probably took Princess Rumia to open the barrier.<br/>
<br/>
"--Master!"<br/>
<br/>
When I turned around to Arisa's voice, I saw Arisa and the others being pulled by countless black hands toward barrier's beyond.<br/>
I immediately used space magic [Article Pull (Abort)] to pull them back, but it was canceled in vain.<br/>
<br/>
--I forgot that this was a teleportation-prohibited area.<br/>
<br/>
While regretting my foolish mismanagement, I moved to the foremost black hand with Ground Shrink and helped Tama escape from it.<br/>
It seems Holy swords can easily cut the black hands but they grow back every time they're cut so Tama couldn't escape from them.<br/>
<br/>
I stretched my hand toward Arisa but tsunami-like shadow hands pushed me away, she got kidnapped together with the princesses and the others to beyond the barrier.<br/>
<br/>
"Barrier~?"<br/>
<br/>
Tama repeatedly hits the surface of the barrier that was closed before her.<br/>
Then, Hikaru came back while dragging beastkin people who seemed to be the Wyvern Riders.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou, I've defeated them--wait, what about Arisa and the others?"<br/>
"They were taken by the shadow."<br/>
<br/>
Looking at the map, Arisa and the others seem to have been taken to the innermost room in the maze-like castle.<br/>
<br/>
"Wait a minute, I'll use the barrier puncture magic--"<br/>
"There's no need."<br/>
<br/>
I stopped Hikaru's talk midway.<br/>
<br/>
--Things like barrier, I'll just tear them off.<br/>
<br/>
I'm being dominated with a slightly violent thought from the impatience of losing Arisa.<br/>
While doing self-analysis like such, I throw away my restrain and extend my hand at the barrier.<br/>
<br/>
--Huh?<br/>
<br/>
For some reason, the barrier doesn't reject me, my hand is slipping right through it.<br/>
Tama who's still hitting the barrier is still denied of entry.<br/>
<br/>
I tried to pull Tama's hand and we could enter together.<br/>
<br/>
"Hikaru, let's go together. Tama, wait at the rock with the carved seal board after you've delivered these guys to the knight."<br/>
"Un, I got it."<br/>
"Tama will wait."<br/>
<br/>
Hikaru agreed with my instruction, Tama nodded and talked with a stiff not-slow voice.<br/>
After patting Tama's head once to relieve her, I took Hikaru along beyond the barrier.<br/>
<br/>
--Now, let's go help Arisa.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"<<DANCE>> Claiomh Solais"<br/>
<br/>
Hikaru uses Claiomh Solais to turn the Shadow Sentries blocking our way into dust.<br/>
I wonder if it's just my imagination, I feel that the Shadow Sentries are only attacking Hikaru since awhile ago.<br/>
Perhaps they remember about their fight with Hikaru a long time ago?<br/>
<br/>
While getting distracted by that, we passed through the forest and arrived before the castle.<br/>
There's a cliff before our eyes and a pitch black castle towering over us on top of the cliff.<br/>
<br/>
"They're coming again!"<br/>
<br/>
Shadow Sentries are appearing one after another from the shadow of the trees and rocks.<br/>
It's like a spawn point with unlimited spawn, and even if a hundred of them appear, they're nothing but a hindrance since they're only level 30.<br/>
<br/>
Furthermore, they don't exist on the map until after they've appeared which is annoying.<br/>
<br/>
--<<Remote Shining Javelin>>.<br/>
<br/>
Just like the name suggest, homing spears that emit intense light defeat the Shadow Sentries.<br/>
Once I, who was ignored by the sentries, defeated one of the them, they seemed to deem me as an enemy and started to attack me.<br/>
<br/>
"They don't give you experience, so we'd better use 『Light Net』 to catch them and leave them alone!"<br/>
"Got it."<br/>
<br/>
Following Hikaru's advice, I use several Light Nets to catch the pursuing sentries, stopping them.<br/>
Thanks to that, we successfully invaded the castle.<br/>
<br/>
It seems Arisa and the others are in the innermost room of the castle, [Master Room], in fainted states.<br/>
<br/>
I can't use teleport and Clairvoyance magic so I can only see them from the map's information.<br/>
The situation uncontrollably worries me.<br/>
<br/>
"Ichirou-nii, Arisa would be fine, you shouldn't get impatient."<br/>
"Yeah, I'm just worried if Arisa would go too far."<br/>
<br/>
I replied Hikaru with a light tone somehow.<br/>
<br/>
Still, my mind was able to calm down somewhat from the conversation.<br/>
We quickly advance the path after thanking Hikaru.<br/>
<br/>
With Arisa's current ability, she should be fine even against a demon lord, but I can't say that out loud.<br/>
Some god or great demon lord feel like they'd appear if I do that.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"--Hikaru, let's stop a bit here."<br/>
<br/>
I let Hikaru who's breathing roughly to rest, take out an accelerated magic gun and annihilate [Shadow Sentries] and some mixed level 50 [Shadow Knights] with [Holy Bullets].<br/>
<br/>
The bullets hit the wall and got repelled while leaving sound like when you drop waterdrops at hot oil.<br/>
....Stopping holy bullets huh, that's quite a sturdy wall.<br/>
<br/>
Still, on top of the increasing enemy level, their spawn rhythm has increased too.<br/>
We're just wasting time if this keeps on.<br/>
<br/>
Arisa and the others are not injured for the time being, but on top of not knowing the other party's objective, there's no guarantee that they will keep being safe.<br/>
Wonder if I can make a short cut somehow?<br/>
<br/>
I took out a small white knife from Storage and cut the wall with it.<br/>
<br/>
--Yup, looks like it'll go well.<br/>
<br/>
"■■■■■■■■　■■　■　■■■....."<br/>
<br/>
Next, I point a wand made of [True Silver] that has good magic accuracy diagonally toward the wall and begin to chant the forbidden spell of destruction magic [Banishing Perforation].<br/>
<br/>
"Ichirou-nii, the wall here can't be broken you know. The child who came with me in the past said that it had 『Non-Destructive Element』."<br/>
<br/>
I lift the corner of my mouth to reply Hikaru.<br/>
We'll see the result soon.<br/>
<br/>
The forbidden spell consumes magic power that equals the Meteor Shower's.<br/>
I can't afford the chance of Arisa and the others getting injured so the target's direction is the opposite of them.<br/>
<br/>
"....■■■■■■■■■ Banishing Perforation."<br/>
<br/>
A collapsing phenomenon from the concept of [Destruction] that can't be comprehended by the science I know is slowly destroying the wall.<br/>
Judging from the preface of the spell code, it seems to be a spell that recreates the power of dragon fang that [Penetrates all].<br/>
<br/>
--Still, the control of the magic is difficult.<br/>
<br/>
If I lose focus, the power of [Destruction] might even erase me as the user.<br/>
I maintain the wand that feels like it'll fly off with my physical strength, enduring until the spell ends.<br/>
<br/>
The wall in front of me has been erased, and many walls beyond it are also bored through.<br/>
In the end, it seem to even reach the sky.<br/>
<br/>
"Uwah, you really destroyed the wall."<br/>
<br/>
Hikaru muttered in astonishment.<br/>
I drink a magic potion and calm my rough breath.<br/>
<br/>
This was a test to see whether the wall could be broken with magic, but I used a white knife made from the remain of the black dragon's fang to test whether it could be broken itself.<br/>
<br/>
"Now then, time for the real thing."<br/>
<br/>
I use [Banishing Perforation] once again in order to create a shortcut in the maze-like corridors.<br/>
<br/>
Unfortunately I couldn't pierce through the target location.<br/>
Judging from the sensation, it seems the area surrounding the [Master Room] is protected by an Anti Magic type of barrier.<br/>
<br/>
"Let's go."<br/>
"Un, let's!"<br/>
<br/>
Together with Hikaru, I jumped into the hole created by the [Banishing Perforation].<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Tubes? Hikaru, do you know what is the facility here?"<br/>
"U~n, I didn't reach here when I came before so I don't know."<br/>
<br/>
After entering the door at the end of the hole, we came into a room full of glass tubes that looked like the ones used to create homonculus that I saw in the Royal Capital.<br/>
Among many of them, one has some kind of liquid with something floating inside.<br/>
<br/>
"--But there's no mistake that this is an important facility isn't it."<br/>
"That seems to be the case."<br/>
<br/>
Shadow Knights appear in every direction of the room--and they're strong at level 99 to boot.<br/>
Hikaru might get hurt if I don't fight them seriously.<br/>
<br/>
--Eat this.<br/>
<br/>
I cut down the Shadow Knights with the advanced light magic [Photon Laser].<br/>
I understand from the fights so far, these shadows are weak against light magic indeed.<br/>
<br/>
--This is bad.<br/>
<br/>
The Photon Laser that hit the wall was reflected and cut down the unexpected facilities.<br/>
Glass pieces are scattered, black sparks paint the space.<br/>
<br/>
"Ichirou-nii, behind you!"<br/>
<br/>
A Shadow Knight is closing in even while breaking down into dust.<br/>
<br/>
I fill the holy sword Durandal I have in hand with magic power and imitate the light magic finisher that hero Hayato showed once before.<br/>
<br/>
--<<Shining Blade>>.<br/>
<br/>
The shock wave produced by Durandal annihilated the Shadow Knight like an ink dropped into water.<br/>
<br/>
"Ichirou-nii, you overdid it!"<br/>
<br/>
Glass pipes and equipment as tall as a person are breaking one after another behind Hikaru who's running toward the exit at full force.<br/>
Looks like they're broken by the after-waves of the light magic and the finisher.<br/>
<br/>
The one with something floating inside is protected by Flexible Shield so it's safe. I collect the pipe into the Storage as is.<br/>
I'll check the inside after we've saved Aria and the others.<br/>
<br/>
While deploying wind magic protection to evade the dust, I follow after Hikaru.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Arisa!"<br/>
<br/>
After kicking a monochrome door that's as tall as a person, we came into a place that looked like a throne room.<br/>
It appears the level 75 [Great Shadow Knight] that were endlessly spawning just before aren't appearing in this throne room.<br/>
<br/>
This place is filled with serene atmosphere.<br/>
<br/>
And, Arisa and the princesses are sleeping on the gigantic 10-meter tall thrones on the back.<br/>
I reach it in one leap with Flash Drive and wake Arisa up with wakening magic.<br/>
<br/>
"Ehehe, Satou"<br/>
<br/>
The half-sleeping Arisa hugs my neck, I stop her from stealing my lips by pining her forehead.<br/>
<br/>
"I'll do as many kisses as you like later, just wake up quick."<br/>
"Fue?　--Eh, Master?"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa who was laughing nihe nihe with half-asleep eyes woke up and got back to her sober face.<br/>
Apparently she didn't hear my statement earlier.<br/>
<br/>
"I'm sorry, I've become a drag."<br/>
"It's fine as long as you're safe."<br/>
<br/>
I can manage somehow as long as she didn't die.<br/>
<br/>
On the other hand, I noticed that Hikaru who's under the throne seemed strange.<br/>
<br/>
"Ichirou-nii, look at that!"<br/>
<br/>
Hikaru points at--.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
