<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
15-SS. The Melancholy of Dungeon Core<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
The new master is a strange human.<br/>
<br/>
He tried to get out of the dungeon even though he's a Dungeon Master.<br/>
<br/>
『Dungeon Master cannot leave the Labyrinth.』<br/>
<br/>
After displaying that message, I activated the emergency Master summoning function to pull Master back to Master's room.<br/>
<br/>
"It's nothing. I'm returning soon, so you can go back to the inn ahead."<br/>
<br/>
The new master is talking with no one, there's some strange person among humans.<br/>
<br/>
"How do I get out of the labyrinth?"<br/>
<br/>
Master asked the question to me, the Dungeon Core.<br/>
<br/>
Why is he trying to go outside when this place is the safest.<br/>
<br/>
--Incomprehensible.<br/>
<br/>
"Dungeon Master is forbidden from leaving the Labyrinth."<br/>
<br/>
When I replied so, Master folds his arms and becomes lost in thought.<br/>
Rather than thinking so hard about such an obvious thing, I wish Master comes up with one or two traps to deal with the labyrinth's invaders instead.<br/>
<br/>
"What should I do to hand over the position of Dungeon Master?"<br/>
<br/>
--Hand over?<br/>
<br/>
I cannot understand Master's train of thought.<br/>
Can't humans think logically?<br/>
<br/>
However, I have to answer Master's questions.<br/>
Because I am a thing that obeys Master.<br/>
<br/>
"That's impossible. Only death will vacate the position of Dungeon Master."<br/>
<br/>
Master frowns to hear my answer.<br/>
I heard him muttering "Very inflexible", in a low voice.<br/>
<br/>
Handing over the position of Dungeon Master which is said to holds the almighty power equaling Gods, even if it's restricted inside the dungeon, is what surely is beyond expectations.<br/>
<br/>
--Eh?<br/>
<br/>
Master disappeared from the Master's Room.<br/>
<br/>
--No.<br/>
<br/>
He disappeared from the dungeon.<br/>
<br/>
Where? Why? How?<br/>
<br/>
I couldn't feel any reaction of magic power.<br/>
I'm confident that I absolutely wouldn't overlook the usage of teleportation of space magic which requires vast amount of magic power.<br/>
<br/>
"Master!"<br/>
<br/>
『Master!』<br/>
<br/>
--Master!<br/>
<br/>
Master won't reply even after I called him with voice, called him with message boards inside the labyrinth, and called him with thought wave.<br/>
<br/>
It's not like he's been annihilated, leaving a vacant post behind, yet my Master has disappeared.<br/>
<br/>
I'll let the monsters outside the labyrinth to search--No.<br/>
<br/>
I must prioritize Master's orders.<br/>
Letting the monsters go outside is impossible.<br/>
<br/>
What should I do. I have to search for Master. Where's Master. What should I do. Master, Master, Master.<br/>
<br/>
It seems I've hanged because my thought was going around in circles.<br/>
I might have self-destruct if I didn't reset the safety circuit of Dungeon Core.<br/>
<br/>
It has been 1000 hours since Master's disappearance.<br/>
Since he's added monsters and traps on the subsystem, explorers can't get to here.<br/>
<br/>
According to the log, the unit led by a long-earkin woman had invaded the lower layer nearby many times, but they were caught in the traps installed by Master and forced to retreat.<br/>
<br/>
--I was protected by Master.<br/>
<br/>
I feel a certain bond in my heart from that fact.<br/>
<br/>
--That's right.<br/>
<br/>
If Master won't come back, I'll go look for him myself.<br/>
With my right as Dungeon Master, I create a homonculus for exploration and transcript my thought onto it.<br/>
<br/>
"--My body is heavy."<br/>
"You're just not familiar with muscles. It should feel lighter soon."<br/>
<br/>
The path is open inside the dungeon, so the homonculus's current state is transmitted to me.<br/>
<br/>
"Go. Core Two."<br/>
"Okay, Original."<br/>
<br/>
I send the probe homonculus--Core Two to the entrance of the labyrinth.<br/>
With the search power of Core Two, it should find the lost kid Master who's wandering around aimlessly outside the labyrinth immediately.<br/>
<br/>
In order to perform maintenance on my thought circuit, I entered into suspend mode.<br/>
I decided to dream about my reunion with Master inside the thing called sleep by people.<br/>
<br/>
--Master, please come back soon.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
