<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
15-7. Dejima Island<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. When I hear the words 'sailing ship', it reminds me of a great game where the actual sea chart change depending on whether you believe on the report or not. In order to prove which one was more interesting, I played the game all night with a friend who also remembered the game of the age of exploration.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Ship~?"<br/>
"Master, there's a ship in the distance nodesu."<br/>
<br/>
Hearing the report from Tama and Pochi through the speaking tube, the Brownie who's steering the ship lowers the control lever of the Aerodynamic Engine.<br/>
With that, the sailing altitude of the ship got lowered and the ship landed on the water with a slight impact.<br/>
<br/>
"It's been awhile isn't it~ Going with this ship."<br/>
"You're right."<br/>
<br/>
This is an unfortunate ship that hadn't got its turn after the journey from Boruenan Forest to Shiga Kingdom's Trade City.<br/>
Since it's installed with an Aerodynamic Engine even though it's of low altitude model, I couldn't lend it to other people.<br/>
<br/>
"I wonder if Hayato and the others are fine?"<br/>
"Oh they're fine."<br/>
<br/>
I answered Arisa who seemed worried after glancing at the hero's status shown on the marker column of the map. There's no status abnormality nor extreme physical drop.<br/>
<br/>
We're heading toward Dejima Island in order to meet the hero.<br/>
I was slightly worried about him after hearing from Lady Liedill the Temple Knight in Mogeiba City that he might be being used by the crown prince's plot.<br/>
<br/>
We're riding on a sailing ship instead of an airship since this is not an official work of the Tourism Ministry.<br/>
<br/>
We were forbidden from going to the Weasel Empire, but using, "To ensure the safety of the princess and the airship" as a pretext, I got the permission to have a vacation and do a "Hero's Symphaty Call" personally.<br/>
The wonderful thing is that Tourism Ministry personnels are still paid monthly on vacations. The fantasy world, or rather, the noble community is quite flexible.<br/>
<br/>
Further, the entourage members of the Tourism Ministry are currently socializing at Pendragon Mansion at the Royal Capital in my place.<br/>
Their main purpose is to popularize shared information that are not confidential and unusual things and dishes we got in our visits in the various small kingdoms.<br/>
Since we can easily meet them if we go to the solitary island palace, it doesn't really feel like we're apart.<br/>
<br/>
Zena-san stays behind to guard the princess and Sera, but Lady Karina is going with us for the purpose of her re-training.<br/>
<br/>
"It's shaking once we're out on the open sea."<br/>
"Can't be helped, it's a small ship after all."<br/>
<br/>
This ship's displacement is only about 100 tons.<br/>
It's probably quite small for this world's sea-faring ships.<br/>
<br/>
"How long does it take until we reach Dejima Island?"<br/>
"I guess around 3 hours?"<br/>
"Ugeh, that's too long~"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa grumbled while looking fed up.<br/>
<br/>
"If you don't like the shaking, you should take shelter in the solitary island palace."<br/>
"Un, let me take you up on that offer."<br/>
<br/>
There's no problem since the brownies are steering the ship.<br/>
Since all of them are wearing sailor uniforms and sailor hats, it feels like elementary schoolers are leading though.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, is there any tuna around here?"<br/>
"Unfortunately, it seems there's none in this sea area. We can take the ship offshore later if you're worried about the tuna stock."<br/>
"Yes! Thank you very much!"<br/>
<br/>
When I promise her that, Lulu shows a shining smile that won't lose to the sunshine.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, I found a heap of birds at the port side."<br/>
<br/>
Liza is staring at me with glistening eyes.<br/>
She must be waiting for my permission.<br/>
<br/>
"You can go hunt them, but be careful not to be noticed by the ships ahead."<br/>
"Yes, I will be flying on the surface of the sea."<br/>
<br/>
Liza runs on the sea surface while holding a spear.<br/>
She's carrying a harpoon for throwing since she's going in a hunt.<br/>
<br/>
I saw Liza changed her flight course in the middle of the way and threw the harpoon at the birds.<br/>
<br/>
Looks like she got a lot.<br/>
Since I'm planning to have our lunch on Dejima Island today, let's use those birds for dinner.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Master, the water gate is opening so I inform."<br/>
<br/>
Nana is pointing at a heavy-looking stone gate which protects Dejima Island's bay opening.<br/>
According to the map's information, that stone gate appears to be a big golem.<br/>
<br/>
"Something's coming~?"<br/>
"There are people riding on top of the rays nodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
A herd of flying rays which look like flying fish appeared from the gap of the opened gate, flying on the surface of the sea.<br/>
There are silver screws on their heads, the same magic tools that are used to manipulate monsters I've been seeing a lot, sealkin and gillman soldiers are riding on their backs.<br/>
<br/>
Looks like they belong to the administration bureau of Dejima Island.<br/>
<br/>
Five of the rays go around our ship, Tama and Pochi who are sitting on top of the mast as a watch are chasing them with their eyes, going round and round happily.<br/>
One of the rays jumped onto the deck, and a strong-looking gillman soldier landed on the deck after rotating stylishly once in the air.<br/>
He's somewhat cool despite having the head of a fish.<br/>
<br/>
"I'm Guzze of Dejima Island Harbor Authority. Cannons of ships entering the harbor will have to be stamped. Who's the captain here?"<br/>
<br/>
This ship has no cannon, but since normally a seafaring ship has several magic cannons equipped, telling him that there's zero here will make it suspicious instead.<br/>
I extend my [Magic Hand] toward the part of the deck on his blind spot and then put two samples of magic cannon covered with cloth from my Storage.<br/>
<br/>
"I'm the captain. The ship's magic cannons are over there, the two covered in cloth."<br/>
"Just two?"<br/>
<br/>
I nod at the soldier who looks suspiciously.<br/>
<br/>
"Because more than that is unnecessary--"<br/>
<br/>
I gave a sign at Liza with a hand gesture while saying that.<br/>
Liza took the harpoon that was getting dried on the deck and lightly shot Magic Edge Cannon at the horizon beyond.<br/>
<br/>
"We can repulse any monster as long as she's with us."<br/>
<br/>
After seeing Liza's technique, the soldier's mouth and gills were opening and closing greatly, then after awhile he said, "I-It's fine then", stamped the two magic cannons with trembling hands, and left the deck.<br/>
<br/>
--Come to think of it, it was a legendary technique or something.<br/>
<br/>
We follow the soldiers and advance the ship into the bay where a lot of boats are anchored.<br/>
<br/>
"Trumpet?"<br/>
<br/>
Mia muttered while tilting her head.<br/>
<br/>
It's true, I hear sound of a trumpet out of nowhere.<br/>
The melody sounds kind of sorrowful, but it's quite good.<br/>
<br/>
It seems a fat ratkin wearing gaudy clothes is playing it on top of the lighthouse at the end of the bay.<br/>
<br/>
"The small boat of the harbor staff has come. We'll enter the harbor in accordance to their flags."<br/>
"Please."<br/>
<br/>
Since the harbor is crowded with big ships, I entrust it to the skillful brownie to steer the ship.<br/>
<br/>
"Have we finally entered the harbor?"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa who heard that we had entered the harbor came back and looked restlessly at the surrounding ships.<br/>
<br/>
"Saga Empire, Holy State Parion, Garleon Alliance, there sure are a lot of ships from various countries."<br/>
"Master, does that paddle steamer belong to Weasel Empire?"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa pointed at a black colored big ship and asked.<br/>
<br/>
"That's a Saga Empire's magic boat. The Weasel Empire's ship is that sailing ship with the oars."<br/>
"Hee, that's unexpected."<br/>
<br/>
Checking the map, it seems the oars aren't rowed by slaves but small-sized living dolls and medium-sized golems.<br/>
<br/>
"Is that volcano a labyrinth?"<br/>
"That's right."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa points at an islet inside the bay.<br/>
It's raising white smoke similar to the Sakurajima in peacetime that I saw when I was touring Kyushuu.<br/>
<br/>
It seems there's no lodging facilities on the islet, small boats boarded by people who look like explorers are shuttling between the main Dejima Island and the islet.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Arr-riv-ved?"<br/>
"Landing nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Tama and Pochi who are wearing sailor uniforms like the brownies descend on the tramp with shutan poses.<br/>
<br/>
"Are we going to meet Hayato first today?"<br/>
"The hero seems to be in the labyrinth still, so first I'll be going to meet the crown prince at last."<br/>
<br/>
Guessing from the rotation of my regular communications with the hero so far, he's probably going to come out of Dejima Labyrinth in two to six days.<br/>
<br/>
I already know from the map that the crown prince is away from Dejima Island, but if I don't at least try to do a courtesy call, they'll deem me as impolite so I can't ignore it.<br/>
<br/>
The president of Norouino Firm who has promised to meet me as Kuro is still at the Imperial Capital even now, so it seems there's still some time left.<br/>
Judging from his stamina that keeps depleting, it seems he's running around everywhere to meet my demand instead of slacking off.<br/>
<br/>
"Gii~?"<br/>
"Darii nanodesu."<br/>
<br/>
Using the mast, a simple crane lowers our carriage, and I've asked Mia and Lulu to pull two horses down the ramp.<br/>
The simple crane is operated manually by Nana and Lady Karina's human power.<br/>
<br/>
The current Nana should be able to lower the carriage with her [Magic Arm] but it seemed she wanted to imitate the simple cranes of the surrounding ships so she didn't use force art.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, we've prepared the carriage."<br/>
<br/>
In front of Lulu who's acting as the coach after a long while, the cart-horses, Gii and Darii, snorted.<br/>
They seem to be eager to do their long-awaited turns. It might be unexpectedly because of the fodders I made that I gave them before this--Heh, no way.<br/>
<br/>
"Still, it's as lively as the trade city in Shiga Kingdom isn't it."<br/>
"Eel~?" <TLN: Utsubo.><br/>
"Now that you've said it, that means grilled eel nanodesu." <TLN: Grilled eel= Tsuboyaki.><br/>
<br/>
Tama and Pochi said that while staring at the stalls for the port workers.<br/>
There's no such stall--Perhaps, they wanted to say "Melting pot of races"? <TLN: Jinshu no Rutsubo.><br/>
<br/>
"Master, then we will be off."<br/>
"Master, wait for good news so I tell."<br/>
"I'm counting on you, Liza, Nana."<br/>
<br/>
Liza and Nana who are wearing formal dresses look fresh.<br/>
I've asked the two to send a letter asking for a meeting that I wrote to the Dejima Island's administration.<br/>
<br/>
Liza and Nana ride on the carriage that Lulu operates.<br/>
Nana is at her own pace, but Liza who rarely rode a carriage looks a bit tense.<br/>
<br/>
"Then, we'll be going."<br/>
"Once you're done with it, meet us at the inn with red rooftop in the square in front of the administrator bureau building, we'll be staying there."<br/>
"Yes, understood."<br/>
<br/>
I told Lulu about the inn which I had checked beforehand with [Clairvoyance].<br/>
I waved my hands at the carriage that had begun to dash.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Shellfish skewers, delish~?"<br/>
"The shellfish muscle is crunchy and tasty nodesu."<br/>
"It'd have been tastier if you put soy sauce on it--too bad desuwa."<br/>
<br/>
I've taken the youth troupe and lady Karina along to the wharf for the small boats of the explorers.<br/>
I just wanted to collect some information and snack a little but--.<br/>
<br/>
"Mwu, gear?"<br/>
"Is that a crystal gear?"<br/>
<br/>
Stalls selling junks gotten in the labyrinth are lined up here.<br/>
There's a lot of things made of crystals which piqued Mia's interest.<br/>
<br/>
Since the stalls are also buying things instead of just selling, heated negotiations between explorers and shopkeepers can be seen here and there.<br/>
<br/>
"Oy oy, 300 swen you said, that's too low for Iatsupista."<br/>
"The market is oversupplied since the administration bureau has decreased their spending. I'll buy it for 310 swen."<br/>
"Make it 500 swen at least. If that's no good--then I'll sell to Norouino Firm  with the other junks."<br/>
"Oy oy, don't lump me with the rip-off shop of that weasel guy."<br/>
"Aren't ya tanuki guy yourself, yer' not that different."<br/>
<br/>
It seems the tanuki shopkeeper is mad at the human explorer's words, he's threatening him with bared fangs.<br/>
On the opposite side, a sealkin doctor and a lizardkin explorer is disputing about magic potions.<br/>
<br/>
"Oy, doc! What the hell is this magic potion!"<br/>
"Hahn? Wasn't that the muscle reinforcement medicine I sold ya awhile ago--you heard it, right?"<br/>
"Yeah and it's way effective! My offensive power did rise greatly once I drank the magic potion!"<br/>
"Ain't that good."<br/>
"Yea it is--if only blood didn't gush out of my arms and stopped me from even holding a sword after the battle was over that is! We ran away from the labyrinth with our life on the line!"<br/>
<br/>
The sealkin doctor smoothly evades the explorer who tried to grab his collar.<br/>
His gleaming body looks elastic like it's been plastered with oil.<br/>
<br/>
"I did wrote the instruction right? 『It may affect the users after battle, please be advised』, there."<br/>
"Kuh, like I can read!"<br/>
<br/>
A brawny tigerkin soldier who happens to pass by seems to be trying to mediate the explorer who's still trying to catch the doctor.<br/>
The merchants here somehow feel like the diminutive version of the weasel merchants I happened to see in Shiga Kingdom.<br/>
<br/>
"Hey~, do you have any interesting tool?"<br/>
"Hahn? You're wearing some good clothes--You a daughter of noble?"<br/>
"Yes, that's right."<br/>
<br/>
When Arisa combed her hair upward in front of a gnome's stall, the other girls imitated her and took the pose of 'combing hair upward'.<br/>
The stall keeper's eyes were deprived not by the children but by the movement of the breast of Lady Karina who took the pose too.<br/>
<br/>
It's not of amorous nature, his face somehow looks like he's seen some unpleasant things.<br/>
Looks like they don't match the aesthetic sense of gnomes who have round barrel-like figures.<br/>
<br/>
"Master! Look at this, look at this!"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa pulled me to a stall with music boxes and spring-powered toys.<br/>
The shopkeeper said that they're magic tools, but they're all extremely common tools.<br/>
<br/>
And, the thing that Arisa found was not those.<br/>
<br/>
"--Figurine?"<br/>
"Yes! And it's even Yamato-kun from 『Tennis X Hero』!"<br/>
<br/>
I heard that name before--right, it's the protagonist of the shounen manga that Hikaru likes.<br/>
<br/>
"Can I ask you where you got this?"<br/>
"'Course it's from the 『Phantasmal Labyrinth』. Bought it from my regular customer, an adventurer. Think he said that he found it in a gray illusory town inside the labryinth."<br/>
<br/>
I thought it was something sold by a teleported person of the past to raise money, that doesn't seem to be the case.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, perhaps there's a place that connects that volcanic island and former world--er, somewhere in Japan."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa told me while grasping her fist.<br/>
However, if such a convenient thing does exist, the hero should have said something during our regular communication.<br/>
<br/>
I was going to say that to Arisa, but I lost to the homesickness in Arisa's eyes and didn't put it into words.<br/>
<br/>
Instead, I speak these words.<br/>
<br/>
"It's probably going to be awhile before the hero come out of the labyrinth, do you want to enter the labyrinth for a bit?"<br/>
"Yayy!"<br/>
"Wa~y?"<br/>
"Winning the case nanodesu!"<br/>
"Nn, exploration."<br/>
<br/>
Following after Arisa who was pleasantly surprised, the children jumped happily, while Lady Karina who missed her chance was shifting her gaze between me and the children restlessly.<br/>
<br/>
I grip a Weasel Empire's gold coin into the shopkeeper's hand, and ask about the information about the labyrinth explorer--they're called adventurers in weasel empire--who sold him the figurine.<br/>
The shopkeeper was hesitating at first, but once I asked the price of his goods, the figurines and music boxes, and bought them, he let it all out like an oiled cog.<br/>
<br/>
The adventurer in question can't be found with the map search. He's probably currently exploring in another map, the [Phantasmal Labyrinth].<br/>
<br/>
Some unfamiliar voices called out to me while I was writing the information I got into the Exchange Column's memo pad.<br/>
<br/>
"--Huh? Satou?"<br/>
"And there's Honey-chan too."<br/>
<br/>
I turn around and see people who shouldn't have been in this place.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
