<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
15-36. Divine Punishment (5), The Forbidden Knights<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
※Not in Satou's point of view<br/>
<br/>
"A giant of light--so the God has manifested itself!"<br/>
<br/>
When I turned toward the captain, I saw a yellow giant near the place where apostles and demon lords were fighting.<br/>
<br/>
"Liedill, evade it!"<br/>
<br/>
At the vice captain's shout, I leap forward without checking the surrounding and wrap myself in the mantle created from the rat demon lord's pelt.<br/>
<br/>
"GUWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"<br/>
<br/>
I could hear the scream of a colleague behind me.<br/>
The city in front of me is bathed in yellow light, turning into white salt.<br/>
<br/>
"T-the Magic Eater Birds!"<br/>
<br/>
I heard Dazlim the tigerkin knight screaming.<br/>
The flying [Magic Eater Birds] are falling apart while leaving trails of white salt.<br/>
<br/>
"Divine punishment of the Gods huh...."<br/>
"That kind of cursed god, just call it evil god."<br/>
<br/>
I've never been able to get along with vice-captain who always butted head with me at every occasion, but I agree with him this time.<br/>
Crisis Perception that didn't act until a while ago is ringing an alarming warning.<br/>
<br/>
"--What's that shining thing?"<br/>
<br/>
From between the light peeking through the clouds, countless shining objects showed themselves up.<br/>
Although the outlines are vague, they look like cubes.<br/>
<br/>
"Familiars of the evil god are they!"<br/>
<br/>
They must have appeared to help the evil god.<br/>
<br/>
"They're comin' here too!"<br/>
"It appears they've deemed us as God's enemies--All members of 『Temple Knights』, let's show them evil god our real strength."<br/>
"""OU!"""<br/>
<br/>
Responding to the captain's order, everyone goes to challenge the cubes.<br/>
<br/>
"Magic swords ain't working on them eh?"<br/>
"My great holy sword Monofoshi Zao ain't doing good either."<br/>
<br/>
Just as my friends have said, my cherished sword feels like it's cutting water.<br/>
These cubes seem to be a kind of apostle too.<br/>
<br/>
"All members, I allow the use of the white sword for fighting apostles!"<br/>
<br/>
The white swords coated in dragon fang powder is restricted in their use.<br/>
The captain was preserving it until the fight against evil god, but he probably judged that it would have no point if we died fighting the cubes before that.<br/>
<br/>
"It's working! It's working!"<br/>
"Of course! They're the secret plan of His Majesty the Emperor and Tactician-dono."<br/>
<br/>
As long as we have the weapons, defeating the cubes that are only fast but bad at cooperating is easy.<br/>
We defeated the cubes one after another.<br/>
<br/>
Our only concern is the remaining coating of the white swords--.<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Liedill! Come!"<br/>
<br/>
Lion knight Gizlem called me.<br/>
<br/>
"Sir Gizlem?"<br/>
"The captain has ordered for some Temple Knights to gather."<br/>
"But we can't leave this place...."<br/>
"Shut it! This is an order! Leave those cubes to Vice Captain Gwalba."<br/>
<br/>
Lion knight Gizlem caught my arm and dragged me to the gathering place.<br/>
<br/>
--The Imperial Palace?<br/>
<br/>
I was taken to the palace in the center of the whitened imperial capital.<br/>
There are 13 Temple Knights including me in front of the palace gate.<br/>
<br/>
"Captain! At this situation--."<br/>
<br/>
Just when the bespectacled rat knight Mobitt was going to flare up at the captain, right at that time.<br/>
<br/>
"--Wha."<br/>
<br/>
A huge purple beast broke through the palace and showed itself up. It looks like a grotesque-looking wild weasel beast.<br/>
The beast turned its eyes at us.<br/>
<br/>
--Scary.<br/>
<br/>
A terror enough to make me want to run away from this place immediately grasps my heart.<br/>
<br/>
"D-demon lord...."<br/>
<br/>
When I muttered that, the other knights besides the captain drew their swords.<br/>
A lot of the swords have already lost their white luster.<br/>
<br/>
"Restrain yourselves! You are before His Majesty's presence!"<br/>
<br/>
I can't digest the captain's words.<br/>
<br/>
"--Do you not understand?"<br/>
"Tactician--dono?"<br/>
<br/>
A reincarnated person who looked similar to Tactician-dono showed himself up from the palace.<br/>
That smooth bald Tactician-dono shouldn't be able to grow such long purple hair.<br/>
<br/>
"That is His Majesty. He has casted away his weaselkin body in order to challenge the God."<br/>
<br/>
There are certainly light of wisdom in its grotesque eyes.<br/>
<br/>
"Hear me! You have the tenacity not to lose yourself in battles."<br/>
<br/>
Urged by Tactician-dono, the captain straightened his posture and shouted out.<br/>
<br/>
"Therefore, we grant you these."<br/>
<br/>
There are several twisted dark purple horns that give off dull light on a floating plate beside the captain.<br/>
<br/>
"T-this is?"<br/>
"Entrusted by His Majesty, the ancient artifacts--Twisted Demon Horns."<br/>
<br/>
I can feel terrible miasma and curse from the Twisted Demon Horn.<br/>
<br/>
"If you use the Twisted Demon Horn, you can fight against the God and obtain a power that exceeds even a hero."<br/>
<br/>
Hearing that, my colleagues show a daring smile and gather in front of the twisted horns.<br/>
<br/>
"However!"<br/>
<br/>
The captain continued his words as if stopping my colleagues whose hands were reaching toward the Twisted Demonic Horns.<br/>
<br/>
"However, it requires a great compensation."<br/>
<br/>
The captain looks up at His Majesty who has turned into a beast.<br/>
<br/>
『Noble knights who seek freedom.』<br/>
<br/>
A voice tingled with mysterious reverberations are echoing in front of the palace.  <br/>
<br/>
『For the freedom of people.』<br/>
<br/>
It's unmistakably the voice of our respected Majesty.<br/>
<br/>
『To liberate mankind from its rulers.』<br/>
<br/>
His words are filled with determination and sorrow.<br/>
<br/>
『I expect you to abandon everything as a man.』<br/>
<br/>
After saying that, His Majesty turns toward the yellow giant.<br/>
<br/>
"We will not force you."<br/>
<br/>
The captain said that and took a nearby twisted horn without hesitation.<br/>
Seeing that, my friends also scrambled for one.<br/>
<br/>
The last remaining Twisted Demonic Horn.<br/>
<br/>
Pressured by everyone's stare, I took the last one.<br/>
<br/>
After ascertaining that, the captain pushes the Twisted Demonic Horn onto his forehead.<br/>
<br/>
"For our desire for freedom!"<br/>
<br/>
After shouting that, the captain's white fur undulate, changing into a grotesque with bubbling sounds.<br/>
<br/>
Even after seeing such a terrifying transformation, my friends only drew their breath and pushed the Twisted Demonic Horn onto their foreheads.<br/>
<br/>
"""For our desire for freedom!""""<br/>
<br/>
My friends are turning into grotesques.<br/>
They lost their figures as people, losing even their sense, my friends roared like a beast.<br/>
<br/>
Crunching and clanking sounds that are unthinkable coming from people reach my ears.<br/>
Repulsed by the excessive dread, it seemed I had dropped the Twisted Demonic Horn. <br/>
<br/>
I reach my hand at the horn in a hurry.<br/>
<br/>
However, a hand covered in white fur appearing from behind me picked up the Twisted Demonic Horn.<br/>
<br/>
"Vice Captain!"<br/>
<br/>
The owner of the white hand was the vice captain Gwalba.<br/>
<br/>
"This is mine. It's too early for you--"<br/>
<br/>
Gwalba's mouth forms a crescent shape and then he shouts, "For our desire for freedom!" out loud.<br/>
I had a feeling that Gwalba who had changed into a grotesque muttered faintly, "--You just stay there."<br/>
<br/>
"Go! Greater demons! Army of liberty who serve under Demon God!"<br/>
<br/>
Tactician shouted at my friends who had changed into grotesques.<br/>
<br/>
"Now is the time to break the chains and shackles called blessing of the foolish Gods!"<br/>
<br/>
The laughing Tactician looked like a devil who entices people into depravity.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
『My good luck to them!』<br/>
<br/>
With His Majesty's blessing, light purple light rain down on my grotesque friends who have gathered around His Majesty.<br/>
<br/>
His Majesty turns his face at me.<br/>
<br/>
『Liedill, my knight. Make sure to watch the last battle of our empire until the end, and bequeath it to the future generations.』<br/>
"--Your Majesty?"<br/>
<br/>
His Majesty's line of sight moves to the Tactician.<br/>
<br/>
『Tactician. My gratitude for all your work so far. Return to your master.』<br/>
<br/>
His Majesty and Tactician are staring at each other.<br/>
<br/>
--Your master?<br/>
<br/>
His Majesty's words are as if--.<br/>
<br/>
"Is that so, then I will hand over the last firework (romance) to her."<br/>
<br/>
After showing a priest staff with red protuberance to His Majesty, Tactician presented it to me.<br/>
The thing I spontaneously received should be the magic device for [Self-Destruct] that His Majesty spoke of before.<br/>
<br/>
I reflexively accepted it but as I have to protect His Majesty's life, there is no way I activate this self-destruct device.<br/>
<br/>
"Farewell, Tarou. Building the empire with you was truly fun. I will await for good news in a faraway land."<br/>
<br/>
Tactician who had said his farewell was turning vague like a haze and then he disappeared like he was dissolved in the air.<br/>
Being at a loss, I can only look at the self-destruct magic device in my hand.<br/>
<br/>
『March on, my loyal knights! We will kill Zaikuon!』<br/>
<br/>
His Majesty led my grotesque friends toward the battlefield.<br/>
<br/>
I watch over their fight from the white imperial palace that has no one remaining.<br/>
The beautiful imperial capital gets destroyed by the storm raged from the battles, disappearing into white sandstorm.<br/>
<br/>
The empire with all its dream, hope and glory disappeared like a short-lived dream.<br/>
<br/>
Even after turning into grotesque beasts, even after devoting their loyalty to His Majesty my friends are disappearing into white mist every time they touch the yellow giant.<br/>
<br/>
Alone, by myself again.<br/>
<br/>
"Aah, please don't leave me...."<br/>
<br/>
There is no way anyone hears that mutter, the yellow giant is walking step by step toward the palace.<br/>
It's as if there's something that the yellow giant seeks in this palace--.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
※Next, "15-37. Divine Punishment (6), Hero VS" is scheduled for 12/25.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
