<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
15-26. God's Breath<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. It comes assailing like a collapsing sand hill, like pulling a block of Jenga, like an avalanche of the end. You can't always prevent it even if you know it's coming beforehand, just like disaster isn't it.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Kuro-sama, you're back from Weasel Empire."<br/>
<br/>
Just when I got to Echigoya Firm, the smile of Tifaliza, the bearer of an intelligent beautiful look, quickly found me.<br/>
<br/>
"I got your call just when I got back. Did something happen?"<br/>
<br/>
I don't think it's a pressing matter since it was not an urgent call, but Tifaliza only ever contacts me for the periodical report so it must be relatively important.<br/>
<br/>
"Yes, from Makiwa Kingdom--"<br/>
<br/>
The name of the country which we, disguised as dragon knights, protected appeared.<br/>
Did some problem arise regarding the refugee support and restoration?<br/>
<br/>
"--Pipin contacted us."<br/>
<br/>
Pipin is a former phantom thief and currently a slave who works as an intelligence operative of Echigoya Firm.<br/>
<br/>
"If I'm not mistaken Pipin is...."<br/>
"Yes, he's accompanying Kei-sama and Sharururun as a backup."<br/>
<br/>
Tifaliza supplemented faster than I could recall.<br/>
The former fake apostle and a reincarnated person, Kei was traveling to trace back the damages she had done with her Unique Skill due to her narrow mindedness.<br/>
<br/>
"So something happened with either Kei or Sharururun?"<br/>
"Yes."<br/>
<br/>
Tifaliza affirmed my question.<br/>
<br/>
I looked at the two's names on the marker column while I was waiting for her answer.<br/>
It's alright, neither of them are injured.<br/>
<br/>
"According to Pipin, Kei-sama is able to use holy magic."<br/>
"Hee, that's good to hear--"<br/>
<br/>
I noticed the underlying problem as I indifferently congratulated.<br/>
<br/>
"--is that true?"<br/>
"Yes, Pipin saw it himself."<br/>
<br/>
Tifaliza gave an immediate answer.<br/>
<br/>
"I'll be going to Makiwa Kingdom for a bit."<br/>
<br/>
While hearing Tifaliza saying her farewell, "Please take care", and the noisy footsteps of the manager, I left Echigoya Firm behind.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I moved to the base point closest to Makiwa Kingdom where Kei and the others are with Unit Arrangement, and hesitated as to whether I should change my appearance.<br/>
Satou should be more appropriate if I want to congratulate her, but appearing out of nowhere like Kuro, visiting Dasles City which is on the back region of the kingdom I've never visited before will be a problem.<br/>
<br/>
--Well, whatever.<br/>
<br/>
Such a trivial thing won't be a problem soon.<br/>
<br/>
I change into Satou appearance with Quickdress skill and get out of the mountain hut base.<br/>
<br/>
"Would be nice if the storm doesn't come--"<br/>
<br/>
I muttered while looking up at the cloudy sky as if hinting the future.<br/>
<br/>
I can see Dasles city below.<br/>
<br/>
"It seems Kei and the others are in Zaikuon Temple near the castle."<br/>
<br/>
While using Magic Essence Camouflage, I teleport to the back of Zaikuon Temple which doesn't have a sign of life.<br/>
<br/>
"Glory to God Zaikuon!"<br/>
"Come come! It's a celebration today!"<br/>
"Festival! Everybody dance today!"<br/>
<br/>
There's a large crowd in front of the temple, the people are deliriously praising the God.<br/>
<br/>
"The believers will come back now!"<br/>
"Umu umu, we can finally repair this temple."<br/>
<br/>
I heard familiar voices from among the crowd.<br/>
<br/>
"--Kei."<br/>
"Sa-Satou-san?!"<br/>
<br/>
Hearing my voice Kei wearing Zaikuon priest clothing turned at me in surprise.<br/>
<br/>
"Is he your acquaintance Kei?"<br/>
"Yes, temple head-sama. He's Pe-Pe-Pen--err, Satou-san, a noble."<br/>
<br/>
Apparently she doesn't remember my house name.<br/>
<br/>
"Nice to meet you, temple head-sama. I'm Satou Pendragon. This may be trifling, but please accept my offering for the temple"<br/>
<br/>
I hand over a small bag with 20 gold coins inside.<br/>
<br/>
"Well well--how devout of you."<br/>
<br/>
Temple head grinned widely at the glitter of the gold coins peeking from the bag's opening.<br/>
<br/>
The gleeful-looking temple head led me and Kei to the temple's drawing room and served their treasured Makiwa tea.<br/>
The tea was insipid and only had the color for it, but I overcame it safely with the help of Poker Face skill.<br/>
<br/>
"Temple head! We have a visitor."<br/>
"O-okay, wait for a bit."<br/>
<br/>
It seems there's a lot of visitors today, there's already been many of them coming during the little time we were talking.<br/>
According to the temple head, Kei had been making use of the [Compounding] skill she learned from her foster parent to help the restoration of Dasles City and gain believers.<br/>
<br/>
"Temple head-sama, they're--"<br/>
<br/>
Judging from the priest's expression, looks like they can't turn down the visitors this time.<br/>
<br/>
"I will take my leave soon."<br/>
"I-Is that right. I'm very sorry for not being a good host."<br/>
"Could I talk a bit more with Kei?"<br/>
"Yes, of course you can."<br/>
<br/>
We left the drawing room, seen off by the grateful temple head.<br/>
<br/>
"Oh my, looks like we ended up chasing the preceding visitors away."<br/>
"Oh no, we were just about to leave ourselves."<br/>
<br/>
The one in the corridor, led by the priest earlier, is the current acting Marquis Dasles, Miss Shelmina Dasles.<br/>
Looks like she's overworking herself, she's hiding the dark circles under her eyes with makeup.<br/>
<br/>
"Your Excellency Marquis!"<br/>
"That's incorrect. I'm only acting as a substitute until uncle comes back."<br/>
<br/>
Miss Shelmina denied the surprised temple head with a sour look on her face.<br/>
<br/>
Shiga Kingdom should have told Makiwa Kingdom the passing of her uncle, Dwod Dasles the pyromaniac noble, but it seems they haven't announced it to the public yet.<br/>
They're probably going to do it once Dasles Marquisdom has been restored to a degree.<br/>
<br/>
"Would you be the acting marquis? I'm Satou Pendragon from Shiga Kingdom. I'm stopping by as the people here have been taking care my acquaintance."<br/>
"Shiga Kingdom's?!"<br/>
<br/>
Miss Shelmina was surprised to hear my introduction, and then she introduced herself as she would to a noble of a foreign country.<br/>
She took my hand and began to talk about how grateful she was for the large airships Shiga Kingdom sent to help transporting the refugees.<br/>
<br/>
"As one would expect from the country founded by Hero King Yamato-sama, even Shiga King is a noble person."<br/>
<br/>
We helped them using Echigoya Firm name, but it appears she thinks it was Shiga King who unofficially sent the help.<br/>
We ended up talking while standing, so Kei and I were led back to the drawing room.<br/>
<br/>
"Is the thing I heard from priest-dono earlier true?"<br/>
"Yes of course."<br/>
<br/>
After she talked to me enough, miss Shelmina asked the temple head for a confirmation.<br/>
<br/>
"It's true!　■ Bless"<br/>
"W-what are you--"<br/>
<br/>
Kei happily stood up and chanted a holy magic spell.<br/>
Miss Shelmina's face stiffened at Kei's sudden action.<br/>
<br/>
The blessing light rains down over the head of miss Shelmina the territory land lord's candidate.<br/>
<br/>
--This is bad.<br/>
<br/>
I jump over the table with a speed rivaling short-range teleportation and push miss Shelmina down.<br/>
The people who didn't understand the situation voiced their surprise.<br/>
<br/>
>[Holy Magic: Zaikuon Belief] Skill Acquired.<br/>
<br/>
So the revival is true.<br/>
<br/>
"Excuse me. Please forgive my discourtesy since it was an emergency."<br/>
"I-I'm saved. Thank you for your wise decision."<br/>
<br/>
The only person who understood my action in this place, miss Shelmina said that with a pale face.<br/>
<br/>
"Get away! You insolent rabble!"<br/>
"Stop it! Viscount is my lifesaver."<br/>
<br/>
Miss Shelmina rebuked her enraged escort knight.<br/>
<br/>
"Eh, um? You don't like God's blessing?"<br/>
<br/>
I lightly whack the head of Kei who looks puzzled.<br/>
There are things that you shouldn't do even if they're out of good will.<br/>
<br/>
--A land lord needs to control a City Core.<br/>
<br/>
However, that has several conditions, and people who have received blessing from god are against one those conditions.<br/>
Of course, there's a trick that can be used to remove God's blessing by way of a ritual magic, however it seems that needs a huge amount of cost and time to perform.<br/>
<br/>
"Kei, you shouldn't bless someone without their consent. There are people who have pledged their faith to another God."<br/>
<br/>
The temple head admonished Kei in an easy to understand manner in my place.<br/>
<br/>
"Putting aside the mean, I certainly saw the actuation of a holy magic. That holy symbol is certainly--"<br/>
<br/>
Miss Shelmina tidied her clothes, coughed once and said that.<br/>
Looks like she's not going to pursue Kei's rash action.<br/>
<br/>
"--the same as the one in the temple. So God Zaikuon has really been revived."<br/>
<br/>
Miss Shelmina clearly stated the words I hesitated to say out loud.<br/>
<br/>
That's right, Kei already had holy magic skill from the beginning.<br/>
However, Kei couldn't use that holy magic even if she chanted the right spell.<br/>
<br/>
Because the source of her holy magic, God Zaikuon had died.<br/>
<br/>
And now.<br/>
<br/>
Kei is able to use holy magic.<br/>
In other words, God Zaikuon the source of the holy magic has been revived.<br/>
<br/>
Nevertheless--it's fast.<br/>
<br/>
Once, Demi God-mode Aze-san told me.<br/>
<br/>
"When they had just arrived at this world, God Zaikuon and God Garleon challenged the Dragon God and got killed, however they were revived in 1000 years."<br/>
<br/>
But, if that's the truth, then God Zaikuon who was killed 30 years ago revived too fast.<br/>
<br/>
"Then, we will double the amount of the current offering, in exchange please send priests to the free medical building."<br/>
"Double the amount now--"<br/>
<br/>
The temple head frowned to hear miss Shelmina.<br/>
<br/>
"Could you get it back to the same amount as 30 years ago at least?"<br/>
"Unfortunately, right now the restoration takes top priority."<br/>
<br/>
Miss Shelmina shook her head at the temple head's entreatment.<br/>
Their financial is probably in a bad shape since the king seems to hardly assist.<br/>
<br/>
I'll send some fund through Echigoya Firm at an appropriate time.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Is Viscount Pendragon staying in the temple?"<br/>
"I'm not, now that I've met Kei, I'm thinking of departing Dasles City by today's end."<br/>
<br/>
I only came here to say [Congratulation] to Kei after all, and I had confirmed the revival of God Zaikuon.<br/>
There's no need to stay here for long.<br/>
<br/>
--Nn? Red luminous points are reflected on the Radar.<br/>
<br/>
"But! I was thinking of holding a party to welcome Viscount Pendragon...."<br/>
<br/>
Miss Shelmina spoke regrettably.<br/>
<br/>
Yet she's not going to forcefully detain me.<br/>
Welcoming a noble of a foreign country is probably going to hit their finance hard.<br/>
<br/>
I open the map and confirm the identities of the red points while talking with miss Shelmina.<br/>
<br/>
They're nothing to be afraid about.<br/>
<br/>
They're level 20 small fries, the points that need special mentions are only their [Fiend Drug Overdose] states and that they're people that belong to the crime guild [Cannibal Snake].<br/>
<br/>
If I'm not mistaken, [Cannibal Snake] are the bunch who led the refugees and did some terrorism at the neighboring Silga Kingdom.<br/>
<br/>
"--Viscount-sama! Right, black overcoat, behind a child!"<br/>
<br/>
I heard Pipin's voice from beyond the crowd.<br/>
Looks like he's warning me about the owner of the red point reflected on the radar.<br/>
<br/>
"--Tch."<br/>
"Uwaaa"<br/>
<br/>
A man in black overcoat who's using a kid as a shield assaults miss Shelmina with a dagger.<br/>
The guard who was going to cover miss Shelmina was rammed by another man from the flank.<br/>
<br/>
It seems they slipped into the temple's crowd.<br/>
<br/>
"Sharu!"<br/>
"--Did you call?"<br/>
<br/>
With Kei's shout, a beauty jumped down the roof and landed on the black overcoat man's back.<br/>
She's Sharururun, a former phantom chivalrous thief, now a member of Echigoya Firm whom I, as Kuro, tasked to guard Kei.<br/>
<br/>
A different man with brown overcoat behind the smashed man came assaulting while his body was transforming.<br/>
<br/>
The brown overcoat man blocks Sharururun's dagger with his transformed claws<br/>
<br/>
"Monster?"<br/>
"Uwaaaa, it's a monster!"<br/>
<br/>
The members of [Cannibal Snake] who were hiding themselves in the crowd stirred a panic with loud voices.<br/>
<br/>
--This is bad.<br/>
<br/>
I pull miss Shelmina's hand to keep her away from danger and kick the small man who stealthily attacked with a dagger.<br/>
I invoke the [Calm Field] from magic column while I'm at it and stop the surroundings from panicking.<br/>
<br/>
After that, I stun the [Cannibal Snake] members with the highly stealthy [Stun Hand].<br/>
It's a faulty magic that's easy to block if there's no level difference, but that's not the case if I use it.<br/>
<br/>
"V-viscount Pendragon. I-I'm glad that you saved me, but could you please let your hands go now?"<br/>
<br/>
Miss Shelmina appealed with a red face in my arm.<br/>
Oops, I forgot that I was still embracing her.<br/>
<br/>
"Shelmina-sama! There's no mistake, this tattoo is of the 『Cannibal Snake』."<br/>
"I thought uncle had annihilated them all, so there are some remains."<br/>
<br/>
The guard who inspected the man defeated by Sharururun said that.<br/>
<br/>
"Viscount Pendragon, and the woman over there, thank you for your assistance. I will be sure to reward you later."<br/>
"No need for thanks. I only helped Kei."<br/>
<br/>
Sharururun curtly brushed off miss Shelmina.<br/>
Offended by her attitude, the guard is glaring at Sharururun.<br/>
<br/>
Kei who sensed the worsening atmosphere points at the sky while looking like she realized something.<br/>
<br/>
"Look look! Sunbeam!"<br/>
<br/>
Kei is pointing at beautiful light streaming between the thick cloud.<br/>
<br/>
"It's like the sky is also celebrating God's revival."<br/>
<br/>
Kei spoke with an unnaturally bright tone to break the ice.<br/>
Lured by Kei's smile, everyone smiles.<br/>
<br/>
Mysterious toll of a bell can be heard out of nowhere.<br/>
<br/>
"What a beautiful sound."<br/>
<br/>
I can feel the superior skill of the bell craftsman from the tone of the deep calm toll.<br/>
<br/>
I wonder if I should put a bell in the solitary island palace too?<br/>
<br/>
I ask miss Shelmina while thinking that.<br/>
<br/>
"Is this from the castle's bell?"<br/>
"I-it's not, I've never heard such a beautiful sound either."<br/>
<br/>
Yet, miss Shelmina returned a negative.<br/>
<br/>
--Well now?<br/>
<br/>
If she who has lived her whole life in Dasles City doesn't know, then where does this sound of bell come from?<br/>
<br/>
My question is quickly answered.<br/>
<br/>
In the worst possible way.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<<TAKE HEED>><br/>
<br/>
An intimidating voice descended from the sky.<br/>
It's like hearing several kinds of language at the same time.<br/>
<br/>
Sounds of rustling sound and soil reached my ears.<br/>
<br/>
Everybody besides me have fallen prostrates with their foreheads on the ground.<br/>
Even the land lord candidate, miss Shelmina is not an exception.<br/>
<br/>
<<TAKE HEED>><br/>
<br/>
The voice descended from the sky once again.<br/>
<br/>
Looks like it has begun.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
