<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
15-5. An Ordinary Town (2)<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. When someone is insisting that they're extremely normal, it makes me doubt that they're hiding something abnormal. Even though I know that I'm only jumping at shadows, I still end up looking for it.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Fatty mouse~?"<br/>
"Wonder what's that? It looks like a capybara."<br/>
<br/>
In a room we found in the middle of the way as we chased the officials who went to the basement, we saw babies of capybara-like animals with plasters and people in white robes.<br/>
I think they're beastkin but since they're wearing big masks and visor-like sunglasses, I'm not really sure.<br/>
When I look closer, I see that there are red crystals which look similar to fragments of magic cores on the plasters.<br/>
<br/>
The capybaras that have been plastered are sent to the next room through a slippery slope.<br/>
<br/>
"Confiscateed?"<br/>
"Looks like it's a bit different."<br/>
<br/>
I carry Tama under my arm and peek at the next room.<br/>
There's a bath tub filled with entrails and pieces of meat in the room, and the plastered capybara-like animals from earlier are greedily munching on them.<br/>
<br/>
Are they some kind of lab animals?<br/>
<br/>
Men wearing the same clothes as the men from the next room are sprinkling white powder using ladles on the entrails.<br/>
They're doing it roughly, yet the capybara-like animals are not minding it as they're busy with the entrails.<br/>
<br/>
"Tch, ran out of powder."<br/>
"We're out of stock too, make more of them."<br/>
"What a bother."<br/>
<br/>
A man carrying a ladle goes to one part of the room while cursing.<br/>
<br/>
--That's?!<br/>
<br/>
The pill the man took out from a bottle are shown as [Reborn Seeds] on the AR.<br/>
It's the same medicine which transformed the creatures in Shiga Kingdom's Royal Capital's sewer into red-rope monsters.<br/>
<br/>
Perhaps, this is the secret factory which produces the red-rope monsters?<br/>
<br/>
"Master, here too~?"<br/>
<br/>
Tama who had slipped out of my binding before I knew it is beckoning me in front of a room next to this. <br/>
<br/>
"Those peculiar vines, are they Hopping Potatoes?"<br/>
"Of cour~se."<br/>
<br/>
Tama nods.<br/>
<br/>
Those are monsters that are hunted by rookie explorers and baggage carriers in the Labyrinth City Selbira to raise money.<br/>
They're one of the pillars supporting the low earners' food bill in the Labyrinth City.<br/>
<br/>
Perhaps this place is....<br/>
<br/>
Supporting my guess, the next room have [<<Walking Beans>>] and [Dancing Corns] being raised.<br/>
<br/>
The true nature of the cheap military provisions I saw in the village--or rather, these must be the raw materials.<br/>
That means the capybara-like animals earlier are the origin of the dried meat huh....<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Welcome back, civil official Hokku."<br/>
"We've returned. Head Researcher-dono."<br/>
<br/>
We almost forgot about our purpose, but we arrived at the place right on time using Ground Shrink.<br/>
The official from before gave the emperor statue and the litmus paper thing to a weaselkin wearing showy clothes in the innermost room.<br/>
There are also several other male and female researchers here.<br/>
<br/>
"The miasma is less than ideal but the magic power is slightly over capacity is it...."<br/>
"With this we don't need additional supply of magic power from the city even if the Consul complains."<br/>
<br/>
By city magic power, he must mean the magic power from the Source that can be gotten through the City Core.<br/>
<br/>
"Didn't you say that the you were low on miasma before?"<br/>
"Not anymore, thanks to the rookie from Hokku-dono division."<br/>
"The one from the imperial university?"<br/>
<br/>
The official frowns, not understanding the researchers' explanation.<br/>
<br/>
"He seems to be upset for getting demoted from the imperial university to here, he's been spewing venom in many places."<br/>
"Entrusting that kind of guy to distribute food, I pity the slum people."<br/>
"The miasma collected in the emperor statue installed in the slum is three times the last month's amount."<br/>
<br/>
The researchers told the reason while laughing unpleasantly.<br/>
When the official told them, "Correct the rookie's attitude", they laughed again.<br/>
<br/>
"We originally take care of them by giving them food so they won't die of starvation in order to collect the miasma from their fatigue and envy anyway, isn't it fine."<br/>
"Tha-that's true but...."<br/>
<br/>
They're probably using the miasma to produce the pill and raise the monsters.<br/>
<br/>
Still, even if it's efficient, it's terrible for the slum people who have to endure getting abused unilaterally. I can't help but sympathize.<br/>
<br/>
"It's not like there's a rebellion or rise in crime rate, so it should be fine as is."<br/>
"The production amount is increasing and the knights-sama who have come from the central in an official trip are also leveling up smoothly, all is good."<br/>
<br/>
Don't tell me they're power leveling by defeating the monsters they're cultivating themselves?<br/>
I don't have the right to fault them since I'm doing the same thing in the labyrinth's underground, but unless this city is a special case, the whole Weasel Empire must be raising high level people systematically as such.<br/>
No wonder that they're able to rear more than 100 level 50-class Temple Knights.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Here we go, Knight-sama."<br/>
"Umu, I'll be trying my new sword."<br/>
<br/>
A cage in the inner part of the room is opened, and then five Log Rats as big as wild boars jump out of it.<br/>
A weaselkin knight produces magic edge on the great sword he's holding, waiting in the center of the room.<br/>
<br/>
Even though the magic power is leaking, the magic edge itself is stable, he's excellent for a level 30 knight.<br/>
<br/>
However, it's clearly too excessive against level 7 rats, he cuts three rats in one swing of the great sword.<br/>
The remaining two rats were going to escape from the room, but the knight rushed at blinking speed and skewered them.<br/>
<br/>
"Fumu, thanks to the magic edge device, there's not even a nick on the blade even after cutting the fat bones of the Log Rats."<br/>
<br/>
Hohouo, so that great sword is a magic sword equipped with a device to generate magic edge huh.<br/>
I think there are more efficient magic circuits if you're going to put that magic device into it, but I'm not going to criticize someone else's plan.<br/>
<br/>
"Then, should we take out the next rats?"<br/>
"Umu, let them come!"<br/>
<br/>
We've seen enough, so I leave that place with Tama.<br/>
There should be nothing else to be seen here.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Master, scream~?"<br/>
<br/>
Tama muttered while pointing at a vent.<br/>
According to the map there's another floor below and the vent is connected to there.<br/>
<br/>
--There's a prison below huh.<br/>
<br/>
According to the map, there are numerous isolation cells with people with serious crime inside, there are also a lot of people with mental disorder and zero HP and stamina.<br/>
<br/>
I have a bad feeling about this somehow.<br/>
I'd like to return without seeing it if possible, but I'd hate it if I felt hazy once I did that.<br/>
<br/>
"Private Tama, go back to the surface first and secure the route."<br/>
"Aye!"<br/>
<br/>
Tama followed my order with a shupin pose, and so I went to the cellar alone.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Help me help me help me help me help me--"<br/>
"Don't eat me, no don't! Stop it stop stop it--"<br/>
<br/>
Among the scratching and grinding sounds, screams and shouts like they're from madmen are reverberating in the cellar.<br/>
It seems this dungeon has been sound proofed with magic.<br/>
<br/>
--Rather than prison, I guess this is more like a torture chamber?<br/>
<br/>
I go to the room in the back where some people who seem to be the guards are.<br/>
<br/>
A man suspended in the air hanging from the ceiling and two jailers are there, there's a transparent wall between the two parties.<br/>
There's the usual emperor statue put inside the room where the man is.<br/>
<br/>
"--St-stop it already."<br/>
"Of course I won't rite'? Did you stop when the 29 women you killed asked you to stop? You didn't rite'?"<br/>
<br/>
The jailer who cut off the criminal's appeal lowers a lever on the wall.<br/>
The man who's suspended in the air hanging from the ceiling gets lowered and then the capybara-like animals below start munching on his feet.<br/>
Screams are echoing in the dungeon, the other criminals locked in their isolation cells begin to voice their resentments.<br/>
<br/>
Apparently, they're using this place to carry out punishments and collect miasma.<br/>
<br/>
"Geez, this is disgusting."<br/>
"Don't say that, the emperor decreed to instill 『Don't want to go into prison ever again』 and 『Not worth the crimes』 into the prisoners rite'?"<br/>
"Even if it's a national law, disgusting thing is disgusting."<br/>
<br/>
I totally agree.<br/>
<br/>
"Wish my transfer request gets accepted quickly."<br/>
"Thatsso? Executing justice on the bad guys, this is the best workplace for me though~"<br/>
<br/>
Unlike the man who looks like he's going to get sick from the stress, the jailer who's been rhythmically operating the lever looks cheerful without a hint of stress.<br/>
<br/>
It feels like I'll get mentally ill if I remain here any longer, so I teleport back to the top of the spire where Tama is waiting.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"The way they're doing things is similar to Master if we exclude the science and humanity parts isn't it."<br/>
<br/>
Once we got back to the solitary island palace, I told everyone the things we saw in the Weasel Empire's city, and then Arisa said that.<br/>
<br/>
"Arisa, what do you think you're doing likening the weasels to Master! We're talking about weasels here, they must be plotting something."<br/>
<br/>
Liza who hates weasels openly shows her discontent.<br/>
<br/>
"However, their rationality is very like the weasels. You'd normally hesitate to do many things even if you knew they were efficient."<br/>
<br/>
Hikaru seemed like she agreed with several things about the weasels even though she sounded disgusted with them.<br/>
As a former king, perhaps she thinks that the way they're preventing the people from starvation is acceptable.<br/>
<br/>
"Creating monsters by their own hands.... Such an immoral act as if they've sided with the Demon God."<br/>
"Maybe there's a demon lord lurking in the shadow of Weasel Empire?"<br/>
<br/>
Sera and Zena find the fact that they're creating monsters deplorable.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou, perhaps that emperor statue can be used to control monster outbreak if we put it in a monster dominion?"<br/>
"Master, I support the princess's suggestion, so I inform."<br/>
"Nn, possible."<br/>
<br/>
Nana and Mia agreed with the princess.<br/>
It's certainly possible.<br/>
<br/>
The problems are the way to replace the emperor statue and to purify the accumulated miasma.<br/>
I'll investigate the manufacturing process of the emperor statue when I visit the imperial capital.<br/>
<br/>
Also, Tama and Pochi who had been quiet were embarking in the journey to the dreamland with Lady Karina in the sunny living room.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Amazing desuwa!"<br/>
"Fast nodesu! Truly really torebiaan nanodesu."<br/>
"Of cour~se?"<br/>
<br/>
Behind Lady Karina and Pochi who are sticking their faces on the Smoke Car's window, Tama is nodding while looking slightly triumphant.<br/>
<br/>
The next day after the meeting, we're enjoying the train trip from Magyuba City to Mogeiba City.<br/>
Hikaru and the princess are staying in the solitary island palace to accompany Sera who has expressed her non-participation since she was feeling hurt from to the persecution of the temples and the matter with monster creation.<br/>
Zena-san was also going to stay but Pochi and Tama pulled her hands, and she ended up coming.<br/>
<br/>
I'm planning to enjoy things later with the three who stayed.<br/>
<br/>
Further, since Liza didn't like the weasel costume, everyone is wearing ratkin character costumes.<br/>
<br/>
"""Ensha~, ensha~""?"<br/>
"""Kyupopo, kyupopo, kyupopo"", nanodesu!"<br/>
"""Ensha, ensha, fast~"""<br/>
<br/>
Matching the [March of Smoke Car] music which Mia made impromptu, the youth troupe and the children riding on the Smoke Car are singing in a chorus happily.<br/>
It seems the children like it since the song only has simple lyric that's easy to remember and match with the rhythm along with the repeating simple melody.<br/>
<br/>
They'd be told off, "Shut up" if this were in Japan, but since there are minstrels going around asking money in every train here, there's no problem.<br/>
<br/>
"Station~?"<br/>
"It's a small station nanodesu."<br/>
<br/>
The Smoke Car lowers its speed and then stops at a small station in a village along the way.<br/>
<br/>
"Something smells good."<br/>
"It smells like a stew perhaps?"<br/>
"Vendor."<br/>
<br/>
Lulu reacted to Liza's remark, Mia pointed at the vendors rushing from the crowd.<br/>
Looks like they're selling boxed lunch.<br/>
<br/>
"It's tasty and cheap, a set of provisional soup and stick roll, only for five swe~n."<br/>
"How 'bout a bento of boar meat and roasted pork? Only for 20 swen!"<br/>
"Would you like fatty bear stew~ It's 30 swen!"<br/>
<br/>
They're quite expensive if we consider the ticket's price, but it seems the people riding on the Smoke Car are relatively well off, they're selling like hot cakes.<br/>
<br/>
The stick roll in the provisional bento is a dish similar to the stick roll I ate in Kansai.<br/>
It's a dish where thin okonomiyaki made from corn instead of wheat is wrapped on a stick.<br/>
<br/>
"Liza, purchase slightly more than for our shares."<br/>
"Understood. Tama, Pochi, let's go."<br/>
"Knowledged~?"<br/>
"Understood nanodesu."<br/>
<br/>
Liza who consented with a sharp face goes to the bento sellers followed by Tama and Pochi.<br/>
The bento sellers who lose to Liza's intensity look slightly timid.<br/>
<br/>
"Boar meat~?"<br/>
"Hard to leave the fatty bear meat behind too nodesu."<br/>
"You two, there's no time to be indecisive. Just like the stations we came across before, we should be only stopping for a short while here."<br/>
"Oh no~"<br/>
"Hurry nodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Looks like the beastkin girls have quickly gotten used to the Smoke Car trip.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
We enjoyed the Smoke Car trip as such and arrived at Mogeiba City.<br/>
Further, since the lunch boxes besides the cheap provisional bento were all delicious, I'm thinking of recreating them with Lulu once we get back to the solitary island palace.<br/>
<br/>
"It's strangely crowded isn't it."<br/>
"Master, it's like the marketplace in the Duchy Capital downtown."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa and Lulu are surprised with the crowd in the station building.<br/>
It's understandable. The crowd is at least three times bigger than the one in Magyuba City when we departed.<br/>
<br/>
"It's somehow like Haneda aand Kansai airports before a superstar arrive isn't it."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa expressed her impression.<br/>
Shouldn't it be Narita for international airlines?<br/>
<br/>
The part where the crowd paid attention to the noble car and  showed disappointment as they checked the last person who got off is also similar.<br/>
<br/>
"It's not this Smoke Car huh...."<br/>
"Like I said. The one Temple Knight-sama is riding on should be coming from the direction of the Imperial Capital Tegaeba."<br/>
<br/>
Judging from the conversation I heard from the crowd, it appears some Temple Knights will be coming from the Imperial Capital.<br/>
<br/>
"They exterminated a Hydra when they came before, I wonder what are they hunting this time?"<br/>
"There's no news about strong monster recently, maybe the mayor invited them to make a triumphal return to their homeland?"<br/>
<br/>
For the time being, all is good as long as they're not coming to fight us.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou-san, looks like we should get off soon."<br/>
"Thank you, Zena-san."<br/>
<br/>
Since they've announced the permission to disembark, we also get down along with the other passengers.<br/>
<br/>
"Here it comes! It's the Smoke Car from Tegaeba city!"<br/>
<br/>
The crowd who heard the whistle sound shook off the station attendants and rushed to the platform.<br/>
Since it's dangerous, we wait a bit until the panic settles down a bit.<br/>
<br/>
After a while, a Smoke Car joined with a luxurious noble car arrived at the next platform.<br/>
<br/>
"""WELCOME BACK! STAR OF MOGEIBA!"""<br/>
"""LONG LIVE LIEDILL-SAMA"""<br/>
<br/>
The crowd are cheering while waving.<br/>
They somehow look similar to the people from the first half of Showa era.<br/>
<br/>
"Thank you for welcoming us!"<br/>
<br/>
A weaselkin knight carrying a great sword shouted so at the crowd and stepped aside.<br/>
<br/>
"I am not really fond of such a welcome...."<br/>
"Liedill-sama, please understand that this is also a job for the Temple Knights."<br/>
<br/>
I heard such conversations with Attentive Ears skill.<br/>
<br/>
The one who appeared was not a weaselkin.<br/>
It's a young longear (Booch) kin woman with emerald eyes and straight blond hair befitting of the expression "white peach".<br/>
She's a level 57 knight, and possesses Flickering Movement, Dual Wielding and similar skills, she also has Wind Magic skill.<br/>
<br/>
"....She's like someone's imitation huh."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa muttered alone. Just like me, it seems she reminds Arisa of a heroine of a famous fantasy work where the setting is on a cursed island.<br/>
It's probably due to the long ears peculiar to the longear (Booch)kin she has and her straight blond hair.<br/>
<br/>
The guards who entered the station creates a passage in the crowd, and then Lady Liedill walks in it with a sharp face while leading the weasel knights escort and echoing the clink-clank sounds of her armor. <br/>
<br/>
"She might be more suited to fantasy than the forest girl."<br/>
<br/>
I drop a fist on Arisa who naturally dissed the female knight and wait the line to pass with the girls.<br/>
Just as the she passed on the passage in front of us, her equipment showed up on my AR reading.<br/>
As I was reading it, my eyes met Lady Liedill's.<br/>
<br/>
"Li-Liedill-sama."<br/>
<br/>
Lady Liedill walks toward here with her line of sight fixed at here. <br/>
She's not minding her escort knights' bewilderment.<br/>
<br/>
"--You, you're not an ordinary person right?"<br/>
<br/>
Contrary to her cool voice, Lady Liedill's eyes are lit with dangerous light.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
