<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
16-21. Sania Kingdom (2)<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou here. I've never gone on a whale watching, but I've been out on the open sea on a ship. I think eating tempura made of the fish you catch there is the best luxury you could have gotten.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Huh, there's more people than I imagined here."<br/>
<br/>
We went to watch the Sand Demon Scorpion hunt we heard about during our lunch.<br/>
This seems to be a form of amusement in Sania Kingdom, a lot of people have gathered at the harbor and we will be riding two canoe-sized ships separately.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, there is no young organism here so I report."<br/>
<br/>
Just as Nana said, since this can get dangerous, there's no children here.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, it appears that the warships over there will be doing the hunt."<br/>
<br/>
Liza points at three warships.<br/>
<br/>
According to the info on my Map, there are seven fire magicians, three wind magicians, and three swordsmen of the [Clan of Sword] in addition to the sailors who are equipped with bows on board those ships.<br/>
When the warships departed, the tour boat we were riding on also followed after them toward the Small Sand Sea.<br/>
<br/>
I saw a structure that looked like breakwater about three meter big and hundreds meters long although it was hard to distinguish since it was sand colored.<br/>
<br/>
"What's that breakwater-like thing over there?"<br/>
<br/>
I asked a nearby sailor since it piqued my interest a bit.<br/>
<br/>
"Ah, that's to goad the Sand Demon Scorpion swarms during the 『Gnawing』."<br/>
<br/>
After listening to the sailor's explanation, I get what the breakwater construction is for by looking at the Map.<br/>
The [Clan of Wand] magic probably kill the Sand Demon Scorpion swarms once they're goaded to various locations.<br/>
<br/>
After crossing the breakwater and sailing for about two hours, the warships lowered their sail and put lamb meat on a crane-like thing.<br/>
<br/>
"The wind magicians will spread the smell of that carrion and then the scorpions will come enticed by the smell."<br/>
<br/>
One of the sailors explained the warships' actions.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, it's coming."<br/>
<br/>
Liza found a Sand Demon Scorpion coming from a distance.<br/>
The minitruck-sized Sand Demon Scorpion is walking on the Small Sand Sea like it's swimming.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, the archers on the warships are playing hooky so I report."<br/>
"Aah, they're there for the Sand Crocodiles and the vultures. Basic stuff like arrows ain't gonna work on the scorpion's thick shell."<br/>
<br/>
A nearby sailor negated Nana's indictment.<br/>
<br/>
"Ooh! The magicians have begun their assault!"<br/>
<br/>
The passengers cheered out loud when they saw fire bullets and fireballs shot from the warships toward the Sand Demon Scorpion.<br/>
The majority of the attacking magicians are the fire magicians. Some of the wind magicians also participated in the assault but most are just watching. Looks like their role is to help the ship travel and to lure the Sand Demon Scorpions.<br/>
<br/>
"Aren't earth magic more effective in desert?"<br/>
"Like an earth magician gonna take part in this dangerous work. They're not running out of jobs to take."<br/>
<br/>
Passengers who was well informed about magic exchanged words.<br/>
<br/>
"It doesn't seem to be very effective."<br/>
<br/>
Just as Liza said, the magicians seem to be third rate, the fire and wind attack magic are repelled by the Sand Demon Scorpion's shell, most aren't very effective at all.<br/>
It does gradually shave down the scorpion's health, but the scorpion will likely get on the warships first.<br/>
<br/>
"The boss's about to show up."<br/>
<br/>
A merchant who seemed to be a regular pointed at the stern of the center warship and shouted out loud.<br/>
Turning my gaze there, I saw three [Clan of Sword] men standing there.<br/>
<br/>
"Let's do it!"<br/>
""OU!""<br/>
<br/>
They yelled out, dashed from the stern to the bow of the ship and jumped on the Sand Demon Scorpion along with the momentum.<br/>
<br/>
"Special Move--<<Shell Breaker>>"<br/>
"Special Move--<<Hairsplitting Thrust>>"<br/>
"Special Move--<<Hairsplitting Thrust>>"<br/>
<br/>
One of the special move broke the scorpion's neck shell, and then the second and third swords gouged it.<br/>
<br/>
The scorpion hasn't fallen from the attacks as its scissors come attacking at the three who are on its back.<br/>
The three seemed to have predicted that attack, they jumped off the scorpion's back and landed on the Small Sand Sea.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, they're not sinking on the quicksand so I report."<br/>
<br/>
The sand on the Small Sand Sea is too fine grained, you will sink on it like on snow field or water if you land on it.<br/>
Looking closer, the swordsmen' shoes are shaped like snow boots.<br/>
<br/>
"Those are shoes made from the Sand Membrane found on the Sand Demon Scorpion's legs."<br/>
<br/>
The merchant then amicably told Nana and also didn't forget to promote his wares, "Please have a visit to Tonbell Company if you would like to order a pair."<br/>
Before long, the three swordsmen killed the Sand Demon Scorpion without the magicians' help.<br/>
<br/>
"Everyone, the show is still not over yet."<br/>
<br/>
The regular customer spoke to the sightseers who were leaving the boat's side after the battle was over.<br/>
<br/>
The wind magicians come to the ship's bow, wield their wands and begin to chant.<br/>
Once the chant is over, a rope stretches out of the ship's bow moving like a living creature and twirls around the Sand Demon Scorpion, stopping it from sinking into the sand.<br/>
This time the warship crews are frantically pulling the rope up. Looks like the last spurt is done with human strength.<br/>
<br/>
Meanwhile, the three swordsmen are leisurely sitting on top of the Sand Demon Scorpion.<br/>
They're behaving like some kings or children gang boss.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Master, the scorpions are coming again."<br/>
<br/>
Liza turns toward a slightly remote part of the Small Sand Sea.<br/>
Looks like the second Sand Demon Scorpion showed up while they were taking apart the first scorpion. It's a bit smaller than the earlier scorpion.<br/>
<br/>
The warship crews suspended their work and intercepted the scorpions.<br/>
<br/>
"Ah, more incoming."<br/>
<br/>
The third and fourth scorpions came up.<br/>
The number of scorpions shown on radar keeps increasing.<br/>
<br/>
"There sure is a lot of them."<br/>
"No, something's wrong, there shouldn't be this many when it's not the Gnawing Season."<br/>
<br/>
The regular customer negated what I said in fluster.<br/>
From what I heard before, the next [Gnawing] should be in two month time.<br/>
<br/>
"Honored guests, there's something wrong going on. We're heading back to the harbor."<br/>
"Please wait a bit. The boat over there will be in danger if this keeps up."<br/>
<br/>
I borrow a long bow from one of the crews.<br/>
<br/>
"Stop, arrows won't work on those guys."<br/>
"Is that right?"<br/>
<br/>
I lightly shoot an arrow.<br/>
<br/>
The arrow whose head was glowing red easily pierced a Sand Demon Scorpion.<br/>
Since the bowstring was weakly attached, I had produced a minimum amount of magic edge on the arrow tip.<br/>
<br/>
"I-Impossible!"<br/>
"Killing a scorpion with bow and arrow!"<br/>
<br/>
The crews and the passengers were surprised to see a Sand Demon Scorpion killed in one shot.<br/>
<br/>
"I will help too."<br/>
<br/>
Liza took steel javelins out of her magic bag and quickly killed the scorpions one after another.<br/>
<br/>
"Uwaah, it's a Sand Worm!"<br/>
<br/>
Nana beat down a worm that came out of the sand next to our boat with her round shield.<br/>
It probably came out to prey on the Sand Demon Scorpions.<br/>
<br/>
I see that the warships have started to escape from the scorpions.<br/>
<br/>
"Now then, let's flee together."<br/>
<br/>
We shake off the Sand Demon Scorpions and go back toward the harbor.<br/>
<br/>
The number of Sand Demon Scorpions shown on my Map is enough to swallow the kingdom's capital whole.<br/>
The trial given to me must be for me to defeat that vast amount of Sand Demon Scorpions with the [Golden Sword Herarusauph], no doubt about it.<br/>
Looks like I've gotta break a leg to do that without using magic, but I'm gonna clear nonetheless it if that's the trial.<br/>
<br/>
First of all, I guess I should go back to the royal palace and ask the master swordsman if I can borrow the [Golden Sword Herarusauph] huh?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<TLN: If you're reading this novel at any other site than Sousetsuka .com you might be reading an unedited, uncorrected version of the novel.><br/>
<br/>
"What tomfoolery are you saying at this time of emergency!"<br/>
<br/>
I was able to have an audience with the master swordsman at the royal palace, but he laughed me off when I asked if I could borrow the [Golden Sword Herarusauph].<br/>
<br/>
"Stop talking nonsense."<br/>
<br/>
The master swordsman whose face turned dark red from anger took the top brass of the [Clan of Wand] with him and left the room.<br/>
<br/>
Zanza boy and Myufa siblings who had been asking to be Nana's pupils were the ones who guided us here.<br/>
<br/>
"Earl-sama, what do you need the 『Golden Sword』 for?"<br/>
<br/>
Zanza asked curiously.<br/>
<br/>
"Yeah, that sword is nothing good at all."<br/>
"Myufa!"<br/>
<br/>
Myufa who spoke out in resentment was chided by Zanza boy.<br/>
<br/>
"But Nii-sama."<br/>
"Don't say it Myufa."<br/>
<br/>
The siblings exchanged words filled with implications.<br/>
<br/>
"But it's because of that sword, father is..."<br/>
"It can't be helped. Compensation is necessary in order to bear the power of God in our body. I'd gladly offer my lifespan or anything if I can become the master swordsman."<br/>
<br/>
The sword looks to be one dangerous item.<br/>
Having a girl with a long lifespan as my loved one, I'd like to refrain from using an item that can reduce my lifespan.<br/>
<br/>
Maybe I should make an imitation of the [Golden Sword Herarusauph] the master swordsman carry and use that instead?<br/>
God Heraruon's orders were [Show that you can bring it to an end as my representative], and [Once people revere my name far and wide, I shall give thee the proof], therefore, as long as the people think the one I have to be the real thing, it should be okay, I think.<br/>
<br/>
"Zanza, Myufa! What are you doing loafing around here! Get to the assembly quick!"<br/>
<br/>
Zanza boy and Myufa got taken away by a man who came for them.<br/>
<br/>
According to the Map information, Sania Kingdom's troops have started fighting the Sand Demon Scorpions in the Small Sand Sea, but they've only come in contact with the small scale swarms.<br/>
It should be about 5-6 hours before they collide with the real swarms.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"I see, that's the 『Clan of Sword』's trump card huh."<br/>
<br/>
There are Sand Demon Scorpions next to the departing warships of the [Sania Kingdom] and [Clan of Sword].<br/>
According to AR readings, those flag-bearing Sand Demon Scorpions seem to be tamed monsters.<br/>
<br/>
--That's.<br/>
<br/>
I found a familiar object on the head of the Sand Demon Scorpions.<br/>
A magic tool called [Screw] that Weasel Empire used to control monsters.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, if you'd like to snatch that sword from that man, allow me--"<br/>
"No, even if we've got the permission from Sania King, I won't make the move until he's fallen in combat."<br/>
<br/>
I visited the Sania King before coming here and asked if I could borrow the Golden Sword, and he easily gave me the permission.<br/>
He's probably trying to have me clash with the [Clan of Sword] and chip away their power.<br/>
<br/>
I can understand if it's during normal times, but I can't believe he's trying to reduce his own army war potential right when an unexpected [Gnawing] started.<br/>
Sania King is either an excellent conspirator far capable than me or a foolish ruler.<br/>
<br/>
I thought of liberating the confined [Clan of Wand] for an instant, but since Haifa left a deep impression on me, I didn't feel like doing it.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, I've bought the Sand Yacht, so I report."<br/>
"Thank you, Nana. Shall we go then."<br/>
<br/>
We boarded the yacht Nana bought, followed after the warships and got to watch the battle above the sand.<br/>
<br/>
"I see, they let the tamed monsters wrestle with the wild ones and use that chance to drive the screw to create more tamed monsters."<br/>
<br/>
They probably came to an agreement to remove the [Clan of Wand] because they had confidence in this strategy.<br/>
<br/>
However--.<br/>
<br/>
"There's just too many scorpions."<br/>
"I'm of the same opinion so I inform. Many of the scorpions have come in contact with the warships so I report."<br/>
<br/>
The Sand Demon Scorpions that have climbed the warships are killed by the Clan of Sword's special moves.<br/>
Those special move things seem to be specialized in killing the Sand Demon Scorpions. They're killing those scorpions at a pace unbelievable for the difference in levels. <br/>
<br/>
"Oh, looks like they're gonna use the 『Golden Sword』."<br/>
<br/>
The master swordsman is standing on the warship's bow with a golden colored sword in his hand.<br/>
A swarm of around 50 Sand Demon Scorpions are coming toward him while raising cloud of dust.<br/>
<br/>
"O God Heraruon, who witnesses from the heavens!　O 『Golden Sword Herarusauph』! Eat my soul, turn into my power!"<br/>
<br/>
The light that shrouds the Golden Sword wraps the master swordsman's body, very flashy.<br/>
<br/>
"Secret Art--《Sun Slash》"<br/>
<br/>
With one side slash of the master swordsman, around 70% of the 50 Sand Demon Scorpions have been neutralized.<br/>
<br/>
Swordsmen of the [Clan of Sword] leap onto the reduced swarm of Sand Demon Scorpions.<br/>
Zanza boy and Myufa were among them.<br/>
<br/>
"Special Move--《Golden Sword》"<br/>
<br/>
The silver mithril sword that Zanza boy has is wrapped in golden light.<br/>
The sturdy Sand Demon Scorpion got cut up like butter when he slashed with the sword enshrouded in golden light.<br/>
<br/>
I think it's a variant of Magic Edge skill, but looking at the AR reading of Zanza boy's MP gauge, the skill really has a bad fuel consumption.<br/>
<br/>
"Guess this will be over without our turn?"<br/>
"Denying Master's prediction so I inform."<br/>
"Master, warships other than the master swordsman's seem to be overwhelmed."<br/>
<br/>
Even without looking on the Map, the front line is gradually getting pushed back just as the two said.<br/>
The swordsmen had no choice but retreat to the center of the sand bank once swarms, twice, thrice the number of the 50 strong scorpions earlier, came.<br/>
<br/>
Furthermore--.<br/>
<br/>
"Wh-what the heck is that!"<br/>
"Have the Sand Worms gathered here to consume the Sand Demon Scorpions!"<br/>
<br/>
The swordsmen shouted out loud when they saw a huge beetle larva-like thing that appeared breaking through the sand.<br/>
Its diameter is about as big as a sand ship's hold.<br/>
<br/>
"Proliferation fever so I report."<br/>
<br/>
Just as Nana said, the beetle larva-like things appeared out of the sand one after another, sinking the sand ships.<br/>
I can't exactly let those people die before my eyes, so I teleport those who were swallowed by those things and those who sank in the sand to the outskirts of Sania Kingdom.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, it's coming."<br/>
<br/>
Vast range of sand lifts up, surging in like a tsunami.<br/>
Our yacht is fine since it's supported by [Magic Hands], but the other warships have it rough.<br/>
<br/>
The flagship that the master swordsman is riding on seems to have a good captain and crews, they've managed to prevent the ship from capsizing.<br/>
<br/>
"N-no way! Why is that thing here!"<br/>
<br/>
The master swordsman shouted at the thing that appeared splitting the sand sea.<br/>
<br/>
"That thing should have been sealed in the Sandstorm Labyrinth which Sania King forbid anyone from approaching!"<br/>
<br/>
It's hard to describe the form of that thing.<br/>
<br/>
A sea anemone riding on a giant tortoise with numerous legs, each of the sea anemone's tentacles is as big as a Sand Worm, and it has numerous heads like a hydra.<br/>
<br/>
"Damn you foolish king! Can't even do your only job!"<br/>
<br/>
The master swordsman is getting wild.<br/>
<br/>
"Master Swordsman-sama! Please look at the middle head!"<br/>
"T-that's!"<br/>
<br/>
--Gegegeh.<br/>
<br/>
A girl is attached to it like a figurehead of a sailing ship.<br/>
<br/>
Moreover, the face looks familiar.<br/>
<br/>
"Isn't that the Haifa girl whom we saved from the Sand Pirates?"<br/>
<br/>
Liza who's good at remembering people's faces informed me.<br/>
<br/>
"You damn 『Clan of Wand』! You even went as far as using your position to set up the sandstorm barrier in order to reinstate yourself!"<br/>
<br/>
Looks like the master swordsman is familiar with Haifa too.<br/>
<br/>
"But this is the end of your fate."<br/>
<br/>
The master swordsman roared ferociously while thrusting out the Golden Sword toward the sky.<br/>
<br/>
"No enemy can stand before the 『Golden Sword Herarusauph』 blessed by God Heraruon and my Secret Art, 『True Sun Slash』."<br/>
<br/>
The golden sword pointed to heaven is thrust forward with a snap.<br/>
<br/>
"Perish--『Land King』"<br/>
<br/>
The master swordsman whose whole body was emitting golden colored light launched himself upon the Land King to stake it all on a do or die battle.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
