<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
16-35. Earl Seryuu's Foster Daugther (1)<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
※ The part before departing off Garleok City in the previous chapter has been revised, please have a look if you're curious<br/>
<TLN: Updated part has been added with *update* keyword on the translation here.><br/>
<br/>
Satou here. There was this time I was surprised to see the scenery in my hometown changing more than expected when I came back after a long time.<br/>
Especially when places you often went to play as a kid turned into a mansion or a skyscraper, feels like your memories have been polluted doesn't it.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Master, look over there!"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa who's bending her body forward at the coach seat box shouted out loud while pointing at the megalith formation ahead.<br/>
<br/>
It's a ruin from the era of ancient Orc Empire that looks like three-stranded torii-like stones.<br/>
We found it when we began our journey off Seryuu city back then.<br/>
<br/>
"A broken Travel Gate huh.... This takes me back."<br/>
<br/>
We're currently heading to Seryuu City after receiving Zena-san's messages.<br/>
After confirming the situations using the Map and through space magic, it didn't seem like an emergency so we decided to go on a wagon like when we departed Seryuu City per Arisa's suggestion.<br/>
<br/>
Only the same members who left Seryuu City back then are coming with me.<br/>
Lady Karina wanted to go with us too, but she was dragged somewhere by the princess and Sera, saying that they needed a fitting adjustment for a new dress or something.<br/>
<br/>
"The way Master now, you could fix it right?"<br/>
"Well yeah, I could."<br/>
<br/>
I can fix or even make a new one, but I don't plan to do so for the time being.<br/>
A Travel Gate would need a vast amount of mana to activate, and since the mana from Seryuu City's Source is currently being siphoned by the [Devil's Labyrinth], doing so would be bad in many senses.<br/>
<br/>
"Think we can see Seryuu City soon?"<br/>
"Oh we still have around a hour left."<br/>
<br/>
Wagons are slow after all.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Show me your ID--Hm? You look familiar."<br/>
<br/>
Knight Soun was the one who stopped us at Seryuu City's gate.<br/>
If I'm not mistaken, he was also the one who processed my entry when I first came here.<br/>
<br/>
"I remember now! You're Miss Zena's friend aren't you."<br/>
<br/>
Knight Soun who smiled manly had a look like he recalled something and then he sent a pitying look at me.<br/>
<br/>
"Well, this world doesn't consist of only bad things, don't let it get to ya."<br/>
"--O-ok."<br/>
<br/>
Not understanding what Knight Soun who whacked my back was meaning to say, I involuntarily tilted my head in confusion.<br/>
<br/>
"More importantly, let me have your ID."<br/>
<br/>
I give my ID to him.<br/>
<br/>
"Silver ID?"<br/>
<br/>
Knight Soun look puzzled for a second but that quickly changed into shock.<br/>
<br/>
"E-earl-sama? O-on top of that, Earl Pendragon? That Demon Lord Slayer, Pendragon?"<br/>
<br/>
The shaken Knight Soun's eyes make repeated round trips between the ID and me.<br/>
<br/>
"--Ah, no. Please excuse my impoliteness. Your excellency Earl Pendragon! Allow me to guide you to the castle!"<br/>
<br/>
Knight Soun apologized for his rudeness, sent a gatekeeper to deliver a message to the Earl Castle, and called another gatekeeper to bring his horse here.<br/>
<br/>
"No, just send a message there. I still have some business to take care of, I plan to visit the Earl once it's over."<br/>
<br/>
I firmly refused Knight Soun who was still trying to guide us, then we brought our wagon to the Gate Inn.<br/>
The inn that was destroyed by monsters during the Divine Punishment has been completely rebuilt now.<br/>
<br/>
"Yuni~?"<br/>
"There's Yuni here nodesu!"<br/>
"Eh? Tama-chan? And Pochi-chan too!"<br/>
<br/>
Tama and Pochi found the maid Yuni who was sweeping the front door, they jumped off the wagon and ran to her.<br/>
<br/>
"What's wrong Yuni? Why'd you throw your broom--Satou-san! Mom, it's Satou-san!"<br/>
<br/>
The Gate Inn's poster girl who came out of the door, Martha-can hugged me as I got off the wagon.<br/>
<br/>
She's still the same--no, she's grown up nicely in the last two years.<br/>
It shouldn't be long till she surpasses Gate Inn's landlady (Morta)-san.<br/>
<br/>
"It's been a while, Martha-chan. Did the inn undergo a renovation?"<br/>
"Un, many things happened while Satou-san wasn't around. You're staying here right? Let's talk a lot inside!"<br/>
<br/>
Martha-can pulled my arm into Gate Inn.<br/>
She's as forceful as always.<br/>
<br/>
"Lulu, please park our wagon in the courtyard. Mia, you can go ahead and greet the Manager if you want to."<br/>
"Yes, I understand."<br/>
"Nn, I'm going."<br/>
"Mia, I will go with you so I inform."<br/>
<br/>
Looks like Nana will be Mia's escort.<br/>
<br/>
"Oh my, long time no see. I'm really grateful for the other day."<br/>
<br/>
Gate Inn's landlady said her thanks for the souvenirs I sent along with the letter for Yuni.<br/>
<br/>
"No no, it was just an extra with the letter. Do you have rooms for eight people today?"<br/>
"A-aah--I'm sorry, but we only have rooms for four today."<br/>
<br/>
The landlady looked awkward as she said that.<br/>
By the way, according to the Map, half of the rooms here are available.<br/>
<br/>
--Ah, right.<br/>
<br/>
I had forgotten since we were able to normally stay in inns everywhere we went to, but demi-humans besides Fairykin are persecuted in Seryuu City and can't even stay in a lodging.<br/>
<br/>
"--Liza."<br/>
<br/>
Liza silently readied her spear when I called her.<br/>
The landlady and the other girls got frightened when they saw that.<br/>
<br/>
"Not that. Your ID."<br/>
"I-I'm sorry."<br/>
<br/>
I got Liza who interpreted me wrong to put her spear back and urged her to show her ID to the landlady.<br/>
<br/>
"ID? --Honorary Viscountess Kishresgalza? Are you serving as a retainer of a noble somewhere?"<br/>
<br/>
The landlady is looking restlessly to behind Liza.<br/>
<br/>
"That's not it, that's her ID you see."<br/>
<TLN: If you're reading this novel at any other site than Sousetsuka .com you might be reading an unedited, uncorrected version of the novel.><br/>
I showed my own ID as I said that.<br/>
<br/>
"Earl? Satou-san--no, Satou-sama was a noble all along?"<br/>
"Amazing! Earl, it's that earl right? Satou-san, you're amazing!"<br/>
<br/>
The landlady's face went pale, but Martha-chan is looking ecstatic.<br/>
Martha-chan takes my ID and reads the words one by one.<br/>
<br/>
"Tama too~?"<br/>
"Pochi too Pochi too, she's a hororary barrelnet nanodesu."<br/>
<br/>
Tama and Pochi tout out their own IDs as they line up next to Liza.<br/>
Pochi got honorary baronet wrong but since no one came forward to correct her, I'll tell her about it later.<br/>
<br/>
"I-I can't believe it... Lizardkin and beastkin, nobles?"<br/>
"Uwaa! Mom! Mom, hey mom! It's amazing! Pendragon! Satou-san was Earl Pendragon-sama!"<br/>
<br/>
Martha-chan beat the landlady's shoulder who seemed to find it unbelievable.<br/>
I know that you're excited and all, but now the neighbors are peeking here curiously due to the commotion you're making at the Inn's front door.<br/>
<br/>
"By Pendragon--you mean that Demon Lord Slayer?"<br/>
"Yes, that's correct."<br/>
<br/>
I gave an affirmation to the landlady.<br/>
<br/>
"Then, one of Earl Pendragon's Knights, the lizardkin who won over Julberg-sama is--"<br/>
"That's me."<br/>
"Tama is a ninja~?"<br/>
"Pochi is a samurai nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Tama and Pochi made an appeal next to Liza who nodded. <br/>
<br/>
"Which means, you girls are the demon lord slayers?"<br/>
"Yes, we were granted peerage as a commendation for the feat."<br/>
<br/>
Looks like she's acknowledged that Liza is Honorary Viscountess Kishresgalza.<br/>
<br/>
"And so, would it be alright if we stay here?"<br/>
"Y-yes, since you're nobles, anyone who has a problem could be silenced--"<br/>
<br/>
Just as I thought, some people would have a problem with it huh.<br/>
<br/>
"--But, wouldn't it be better for noble-sama to stay at a high-class inn at the other side of the inner wall instead of our commoner inn?"<br/>
"No, we're planning to visit the castle tomorrow so--"<br/>
<br/>
We're probably only staying for one night anyway, I'd rather stay at a place with memories than somewhere slightly more luxurious.<br/>
<br/>
I follow after Martha-chan who's showing the way to our room and head to the stairs, but Pochi and Tama aren't coming for some reason.<br/>
<br/>
"--Pochi, Tama. Over here."<br/>
"Nyu~?"<br/>
"Not at the stable nanodesu?"<br/>
<br/>
They looked dejected somehow.<br/>
Later when I asked them, apparently, they wanted make a bed of straws at the stable and bounce around in it.<br/>
<br/>
"Will maid-san stay in the same room too?"<br/>
"Y-yes!"<br/>
<br/>
Lulu reflexively answered Martha-chan.<br/>
<br/>
"Ahaha, Lulu is a noble too like us you know."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa corrected her in Lulu's place while laughing.<br/>
<br/>
"No way! She's a noble yet she drives the wagon?"<br/>
"We usually have a dedicated employee for it, but she asked to hold the rein for today since she was feeling nostalgic."<br/>
"Hee, really."<br/>
<br/>
Martha-chan who got it apologized to Lulu, "I'm sorry for my mistakes."<br/>
<br/>
After leaving dummy baggage in the room, we went to the [Handymen] where Mia and Nana were waiting.<br/>
<br/>
"Long time no see, Satou-san--no, your excellency Earl Pendragon."<br/>
<br/>
Handyman Nadi-san bowed like a court maid after saying that.<br/>
Looks like this knowledgeable girl is well versed in such etiquettes too.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou."<br/>
"It's been awhile, Manager."<br/>
<br/>
The manager of Handymen, Elf Yusalatoya-shi saluted while sitting in the sofa.<br/>
<br/>
"Gratitudes."<br/>
<br/>
The Manager gave his thanks while lifting up a bundle of letter and souvenirs.<br/>
All of them are stuff his relatives and friends entrusted to me when I came to Boruenan Forest to visit Aze-san.<br/>
<br/>
Nadi-san offered us chairs and everyone had tea together.<br/>
By the way, the tea cake was my handmade.<br/>
<br/>
After a bit of pleasant chat, the door was flung open and a boy in military officer outfit jumped in.<br/>
<br/>
"Is his excellency Earl Pendragon here!"<br/>
<br/>
He looks familiar.<br/>
<br/>
The military officer boy muttered, "Black hair, foreigner-like features--no doubt about it", and then he bowed at me.<br/>
<br/>
"Long time no--"<br/>
<br/>
Oops, not good.<br/>
<br/>
"--No, this is the first time we met face to face isn't it."<br/>
<br/>
I gloss over my blunder with the help of [Poker Face] skill sensei, get off of the sofa and turn to the boy.<br/>
<br/>
"Nice to meet you, Yukel Marientail-dono."<br/>
<br/>
That's right, this military officer boy is Zena-san's younger brother.<br/>
I've met him before as Kuro, but this is our first meeting with me as Satou.<br/>
<br/>
"I've been hearing a lot about you from your sister, it didn't feel like this was our first time meeting."<br/>
<br/>
After saying that, I introduced myself with full name.<br/>
<br/>
"I have been tasked by Earl Seryuu to welcome his excellency Pendragon. Would you be willing to grace us with your presence?"<br/>
"Yes, of course."<br/>
<br/>
I gave an affirmation to the nervous-looking Zena-san's younger brother and turned around to the girls.<br/>
<br/>
"Well then, I'll be heading out for a bit to meet Earl-sama."<br/>
"I will accompany you Master."<br/>
"Leave it to me~?"<br/>
"It's like having 100 men with Pochi around nanodesu."<br/>
"Proceeding to escort Master, so I announce."<br/>
"Ah no, I'll be fine without an escort."<br/>
<br/>
All of them immediately offered their company, but since there should be nothing dangerous about this, I tell them that there's no need for escorts.<br/>
It may be a bit cold, but I need them to do something else.<br/>
<br/>
"Should I go with you? It won't look good on you if you don't have any escort with you, you know?"<br/>
"Then, I will go."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa was right, so I took her and Lulu with me.<br/>
Mia looked like she wanted to go too, but since it had been awhile since she met the manager, I told her to stay at the [Handymen] for.<br/>
<br/>
"Now then, let's go."<br/>
<br/>
We got on board an open wagon parked outside the Handymen and I urged Yukel boy who was riding a horse to depart.<br/>
<br/>
Now then, just what is waiting for us at Earl Seryuu's castle.<br/>
Judging from my conversation with Zena-san through Telephone, she sounded hesitant about something, so it's probably something to do with either Yukel boy's engagement or Zena-san herself.<br/>
<br/>
Well since a pointlessly vast amount of capital and authority have been falling my way lately, I can generally guess what it is about, and I won't hesitate to use them if it's for the sake of my friend, Zena-san and her family.<br/>
<br/>
It'd be nice if it's something simple and easy to solve though.<br/>
<br/>
I muttered quietly while looking up at Earl Seryuu's castle that had come into view.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
※ Next update is planned for 2/18<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
