<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
16-25. Garleon Union<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou here. There's this famous phrase, 'troubles both at home and abroad'. Is it not unrelated to every country, even with differences in severity?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Pretty."<br/>
"Yes, it's just as you would expect from the so-called 『Jewel of the West』."<br/>
<br/>
Mia and Princess Sistina who are accompanying me gave their praises as they gazed upon Garleok City scenery.<br/>
We have come to Garleok City where the Central Garleon Temple is located.<br/>
Right now, we're in a park that extends to the sea.<br/>
<br/>
Lady Karina is also with us, but she's currently enraptured by the soy-sauce like smell drifting from the city.<br/>
Guess it's inevitable since she's a [Function over Form] type.<br/>
<br/>
"It doesn't really smell like sea even though it's so close by."<br/>
"I'm sure it's because the other side is a river."<br/>
<br/>
This Garleok City is enclosed by a river and sea on all sides.<br/>
There are waterways with gondolas inside the city, making it look similar to Venice somewhat.<br/>
<br/>
There are also monster warding stone monuments engraved with Garleon holy symbol surrounding the city, and there's a lot of shellfish and fish farms in the area of ocean inside the monument encirclement.<br/>
Sea where no monster swimming around seems to be a paradise for fish and shellfish, their outlines reflected on my Radar are quite thick.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou, I wonder, what are those?"<br/>
<br/>
Lady Karina who's gazing at monuments on the sea side point at several bagworm-like objects hanging on them.<br/>
The figures swayed by the sea breeze are something.<br/>
<br/>
--Geh.<br/>
<br/>
According to the Map Info, those seems to be corpses of executed pirates.<br/>
There were scenes where executed pirates are hung on the rocky area of a cape in a pirate movie I watched back in the days.<br/>
It probably serves as a warning to pirates.<br/>
<br/>
"Apparently those are executed pirates."<br/>
"Executed--"<br/>
<br/>
Lady Karina averted her glance when she heard my explanation.<br/>
It's a barbaric world where people make an amusement out of executions, but it appears that this girl doesn't take pleasure in that kind of stuff.<br/>
<br/>
"Cold."<br/>
"Now that you mention it, it does feel cold."<br/>
"Really?"<br/>
<br/>
The temperature itself is mild, but apparently the wind coming from the sea is a bit chilling for the lightly dressed Mia and Princess Sistina.<br/>
It seems to be nothing for Lady Karina who grew up in the poor Muno Castle though.<br/>
<br/>
I lightly use [Air Conditioner] magic to slightly warm up the air.<br/>
<br/>
"Let's take a walk at the next marketplace and get something warm to drink."<br/>
<br/>
I said that to them and walked toward the port where the market was.<br/>
<br/>
The huge Garleon Temple can be seen in the middle of the city far away.<br/>
Unlike the luxurious Heraruon Temple at Sania Kingdom, this one has this sturdy atmosphere to it.<br/>
<br/>
"Is this you first time coming to Garleon Union, Satou?"<br/>
"Yes, I've passed by it in the sky many times before, but this is the first I visit the city."<br/>
<br/>
I affirmed Princess Sistina's question.<br/>
If I'm not mistaken, the last time I came here was when the neighboring Holy State Parion waged a war with this country.<br/>
<br/>
"There's no king in this country, isn't there? Then who is ruling it?"<br/>
"It's by representatives of each cities."<br/>
<br/>
Garleon Union is an alliance of nine cities, and this Garleok City that we are at acts as the leader.<br/>
Three of the cities including Garleok are managed by a confederation of merchants, while the other six form a kingdom. Thus, saying that there's no king is not exactly right.<br/>
<br/>
Every city is prospering through marine product trades, many of the people are wealthy.<br/>
<br/>
"Flowers."<br/>
"There's really a lot of extravagant houses around."<br/>
<br/>
Perhaps it's because of the narrow land, lots of three-story housing complexes here, their verandas facing the main street are adorned with colorful beautiful flowers.<br/>
Walking around never gets tiring with the colorful houses here.<br/>
<br/>
"--Music."<br/>
<br/>
While we were gazing at the houses, Mia suddenly turned her head and strained her ears.<br/>
<br/>
"This way."<br/>
<br/>
As I followed Mia who pulled my hand, I could hear a fun sounding tune ahead.<br/>
<br/>
"It looks to be a roadside performance."<br/>
<br/>
Rather than troubadours, they look more like music-loving locals who are having a performance with musical instruments.<br/>
After the cheerful tune was over, we gave an applause and left the place.<br/>
<br/>
"This city is like a paradise isn't it."<br/>
"Nn."<br/>
<br/>
Mia agreed to Princess Sistina.<br/>
It's exactly as she says. Houses decorated with flowers on the sides of the road, alleys filled with people who play music and enjoy themselves.<br/>
<br/>
Slaves pulling a cart full of luggage are reflected in my field of view.<br/>
From the Map Info, this city has a lot of slaves compared to other countries.<br/>
Additionally, from what I can see with space magic [Distant View], residents living in the lawless area at the city outskirts made of connected rafts are living an extremely poor life.<br/>
<br/>
"I can smell something good!"<br/>
<br/>
Lady Karina turns around with a bright smile on her face.<br/>
The centrifugal force shook her breasts dynamically, scattering its fascinating charm around.<br/>
<br/>
--Nice sight.<br/>
<br/>
"Mwu."<br/>
<br/>
Mia raised her objection at my lewd glance in the face of [Poker Face]-skill sensei's guard.<br/>
She's quite an impregnable fortress even without Arisa around.<br/>
<br/>
"Yo, young master of foreign country over there! How 'bout some famous Garleon's sea grapes?"<br/>
<br/>
A high spirited man carrying green grapes in one hand called to me when we entered the marketplace.<br/>
The sea grape I know is a species of seaweed, but the ones the man is carrying looks like big common grapes, like muscats.<br/>
<TLN: sea grapes here refer to caulerpa lentillifera.><br/>
<br/>
"Go on and have a try."<br/>
<br/>
I put one in my mouth as recommended.<br/>
<br/>
It tastes like muscat just like its look.<br/>
The fruit is seedless, unusual in this parallel world, its fruit juice is rich on top of having thin skin, it seems to be a type that can be eaten whole with its skin like shine muscats. <TLN: vitis vinifera.><br/>
It's slightly sour unlike the real shine muscats, but still less sour than other grapes, it's easy to eat.<br/>
<br/>
"Give me ten bunches of it. How much?"<br/>
"Whoa there, you sure are manly leading those beauties with you. A bunch is one silver coin, but you can have ten for nine silver coins."<br/>
<br/>
--Pricey.<br/>
<TLN: If you're reading this novel at any other site than Sousetsuka .com you might be reading an unedited, uncorrected version of the novel.><br/>
It's unusually expensive compared to other fruits sold in the market.<br/>
However, according to the Market skill, a bunch cost from two big copper coins to one silver coin, so it doesn't seem to be that much of a rip-off.<br/>
<br/>
In the end, I haggled down the price a bit to seven silver coins and the four of us strolled the marketplace while snacking on it.<br/>
Apparently Mia takes a liking to this grape and I've been made to promise to buy a large amount of it on our way back.<br/>
Well, it's good enough that I want to let other girls taste it too so there's no problem there.<br/>
<br/>
After more walking, we came to a fountain in the center of the marketplace.<br/>
The top of the fountain is decorated with a bronze statue of a good looking man wearing admiral-like outfit. <br/>
<br/>
According to the plate at the bottom of the statue, he seems to be a hero from 800 years ago who drove away a pirate called [Skeleton King] who rampaged around the sea back then, he united poor countries that were fighting against each other and laid the foundation for the present day Garleon Union.<br/>
That Hero, Kite, led an invincible army that won against pirates and foreign invasions.<br/>
His Unique Skill must be a type that strengthens army.<br/>
<br/>
There's a lot of stalls selling light meals and drinks around here.<br/>
<br/>
"Roast squid~?"<br/>
"Fried boiled octopus on skewers look yummy too nanodesu."<br/>
<br/>
When I look down to the source of the voices, there's Tama and Pochi who have joined with us before I knew it.<br/>
Judging from the time, it seems that they're on lunch break.<br/>
<br/>
There should be quite a distance from here to Shiga Kingdom, but it looks like Tama's Shadow Ferry can travel to my shadow just fine.<br/>
Well, since she used up her mana, the area around here is probably her limit.<br/>
<br/>
"There's Tama and Pochi here!"<br/>
"Halo halo~?"<br/>
"We were worried about Karina and came to see her nodesu."<br/>
<br/>
Seeing the surprised Lady Karina, the two laughed like kids whose prank succeeded.<br/>
<br/>
"Well then, why don't we have a light feast."<br/>
"Aye!"<br/>
"Yes nanodesu!"<br/>
"Nn."<br/>
<br/>
Together with the girls, I ate roasted squid and deep fried skewers.<br/>
<br/>
When I bit on the roasted squid, slight fish-like flavor spread out.<br/>
They probably used salted fish sauce on it, it goes really well with squids. How do I say it, the taste makes you want to eat it with cold sake and shochu.<br/>
<br/>
The oil on the fried skewers is a bit much, but the octopus seems to have been seasoned, it's really meaty and tasty. This one makes you want to eat with together with a cold beer.<br/>
<br/>
"Nice feast you've got going there young masters. How bout some booze here? It's a new booze created in this city you see."<br/>
<br/>
A cup is three copper coin, so I decide to have a try.<br/>
<br/>
"Then, give me a cup as a test."<br/>
"Hehehe, that's what everyone says at first."<br/>
<br/>
The man puts a cup and opens the faucet on the barrel.<br/>
<br/>
"Ale, desuno?"<br/>
"Hehehe, it might look similar, but it's a whole different stuff y'know?"<br/>
<br/>
With the man's reply to Lady Karina's question and the faint barley scent drifting here, I'm wrapped with the feeling of expectation welling out from the depth of my heart.<br/>
The booze seems to have been cooled, water drops are latching on the copper cup.<br/>
<br/>
I take the cup overflowing with white bubbles and gulp it down in one go.<br/>
<br/>
--Flavor that permeates your body.<br/>
<br/>
"Give me another."<br/>
<br/>
I handed out the emptied cup to the man and asked for another cup.<br/>
<br/>
"Hehehe, thanks for yer' business."<br/>
<br/>
My heart is filled with elation to the point that I don't care with the man's triumphant look.<br/>
After several more cups, I came to my sense and asked the booze's name.<br/>
<br/>
"We called it Jon's Booze, but its name is actually beer."<br/>
<br/>
It really is beer.<br/>
<br/>
I check the Map while asking for another cup.<br/>
<br/>
John Smith-kun had really come to this country.<br/>
He's a Japanese boy summoned by Rumooku Kingdom, an owner of a lost skill that taught me the recipe for dried gourd.<br/>
He's also probably the one who taught the way to make this beer.<br/>
<br/>
And then, I sensed glances and looked over there, Princess Sistina and Lady Karina had expressions like they found it slightly surprising.<br/>
Looks like they found my Beer Fever surprising.<br/>
<br/>
When I teleported to Hayato's world back then, my mind was fully preoccupied with instant food and electrical appliances as souvenirs and forgot to buy alcohol.<br/>
Yet, indiscreetly going to another world just for the sake of booze, the cost is just too high, thus I've been patiently waiting for the opportunity.<br/>
But with this, I might not need to go to Japan for a while now.<br/>
<br/>
"Sistina-sama, would you like to try a cup?"<br/>
"No, I'd like to refrain drinking in bright daytime."<br/>
<br/>
The youth troupe and Lady Karina looked like they wanted to drink it, but things would get hectic if these girls whose resistance to alcohol is zero got drunk, so I didn't brought it up to them.<br/>
Since Arisa is probably going to want it, I'll go to the brewery and purchase several barrels later.<br/>
<br/>
After that delightful event, we resumed the market stroll and continued to feast while walking on the street.<br/>
<br/>
"Clamor~?"<br/>
"Nn, clatter."<br/>
<br/>
Tama and Mia reacted to a commotion ahead of us.<br/>
We followed on the voices and came to a part of the port connected to the marketplace.<br/>
<br/>
People have gathered around a fishing boat anchored to one of the piers.<br/>
<br/>
"How terrifying."<br/>
"Ew, disgusting."<br/>
"I wonder if it's a monster?"<br/>
"It's flabby... Wonder if it's tasty?"<br/>
<br/>
Apparently, a monster was caught in the net at the fishery.<br/>
With the Farsight skill, I saw that the caught monster was a Sea Orc.<br/>
<br/>
Since it's a deep sea monster, it probably died due to the difference in water pressures when it got caught in the net.<br/>
<br/>
Checking the Map, there was a herd of 100 orcs offshore.<br/>
Shallow waters and trenches are arranged like a stripped pattern in the sea around here, but even though there might be more of them lurking deeper, since their individual strength is lower than a demi goblin, they should pose no problem even if they come attacking in swarms.<br/>
<br/>
"What, just a monster huh--"<br/>
"And here I was expecting that they subjugated a pirate or something."<br/>
"You betcha, there's a lot of pirates lately...."<br/>
<br/>
From the direction of the Sea Orc's commotion, Men that seem to be fishermen are walking here while grumbling.<br/>
<br/>
"So is it really cause of that 『Skeleton Archduke』 guy?"<br/>
"Yeah, rumors say he claims to be the 『Skeleton King』's successor."<br/>
<br/>
Some men passed by while having a flag-festered conversation.<br/>
<br/>
Summarizing their talk, the pirate called [Skeleton Archduke] claims to be the successor of the pirate [Skeleton King] whom the hero from 800 year ago drove away, they've brought together the other pirates in the area under their wings.<br/>
<br/>
"『Skeleton Archduke』 huh.... You think the rumor about Gaboz Kingdom being behind them is true?"<br/>
"To take over this Garleok City and become the leader of Garleon Union?"<br/>
<br/>
Several nearby merchants who overheard the fishermen had that talk.<br/>
<br/>
"It's just a rumor right? Even that greedy king of Gaboz Kingdom can't possibly join hands with pirates."<br/>
"More importantly, that we can't expand the farm cause those fin guys are multiplying is really problematic."<br/>
"Yeah, those guys cut the net and all."<br/>
"Burglars raiding warehouses are a also problem y'know?"<br/>
"Those raftsmen huh...."<br/>
"Well, not all of raftsmen are burglars."<br/>
"I don't like it, but we can't exactly drive them away."<br/>
"Yeah, we can't hire cheap laborers and sailors if those guys aren't around."<br/>
<br/>
Not unlike Sania Kingdom that was suffering from domestic and foreign problems, looks like this Garleon Union has many problems too.<br/>
<br/>
"Oh no, oh no~?"<br/>
"Master, it's terrible nanodesu! She's dying nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Tama and Pochi who were looking at the surface of the sea from the wharf beckoned me in a panic.<br/>
<br/>
"--Mermaid?"<br/>
<br/>
A finfolk kin girl in critical condition has been washed ashore there.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
※ Next update is planned for 12/10<br/>
If time allows, I might submit a short chapter on 12/7<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
