<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
16-80. God Keys<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
※Only the last part will be Satou's point of view this time.<br/>
<br/>
"Yuuki, how's your mana?"<br/>
"Still a long way to go."<br/>
<br/>
The two heroes are sprawling in the ruins of Saga Empire's castle.<br/>
Hero Seigi asked the question with him facing up at the sky, while Hero Yuuki replied face down.<br/>
<br/>
"Can you move?"<br/>
"Don't wanna yet. I've never used so much mana before, even talking is annoying."<br/>
<br/>
Despite saying that, Yuuki grumbled fluently.<br/>
<br/>
"Where's the golden sparkly bunch?"<br/>
"Saving people."<br/>
"Those girls are tough."<br/>
<br/>
After defeating lamia demon lord [Lamiko-san] with the two Saga Empire's heroes, golden sparkly bunch aka the golden knights and hero Nanashi had gone to the collapsed shelters inside the city to rescue people.<br/>
<br/>
"Since they went pass the castle ruins and all--"<br/>
"I think they're leaving this site to us."<br/>
"Figured as much~"<br/>
<br/>
Hero Yuuki surveyed the surrounding debris while frowning.<br/>
<br/>
"Should we go look around, Yuuki?"<br/>
"Once my mana has recovered, sure."<br/>
<br/>
After giving that reply, he recalled the specialty of his conversation partner.<br/>
<br/>
"--Wait, what about you?"<br/>
"I'm only good with bad men."<br/>
"You're useless."<br/>
<br/>
Looks like Hero Seigi's Unique Skill [Evil Search (Where's the bad men)] can't be used to look for people buried under the wreckage.<br/>
<br/>
"Huh?"<br/>
<br/>
Hero Seigi noticed pebbles on the ground shaking.<br/>
He raised his body and looked around, then he saw a ripple on a puddle nearby.<br/>
<br/>
"What's wrong?"<br/>
"Don't you think it's shaking?"<br/>
"You're imagining things."<br/>
<br/>
So Hero Yuuki declared after closing his eyes and concentrating.<br/>
<br/>
"Owaah, it's shaking!"<br/>
"I told you!"<br/>
<br/>
The shaking was only at about magnitude 1-2, but the two could feel intermittent vibrations on the ground even while they were conversing.<br/>
<br/>
"Ain't this, y'know, bad?"<br/>
"Maybe there's still another demon lord underground?"<br/>
"Sounds about right."<br/>
<br/>
Hero Seigi said it like it was none of his business.<br/>
<br/>
"Don't 'sounds about right' me you, use your Unique Skill to check it out."<br/>
"Whoops, that's right! --Evil Search"<br/>
<br/>
Blue light wrapped Hero Seigi's body.<br/>
Hero Seigi closed his eyes and concentrated, then he suddenly opened them wide and shouted out loud.<br/>
<br/>
"There it is! About one kilometer below."<br/>
"So deep! Is it lurking in the magma or something?"<br/>
<br/>
Hero Yuuki quipped at Hero Seigi's report.<br/>
<br/>
"There's only one. Real dangerous. I can feel incredible malice and insanity. The threat level is out of this world."<br/>
"Are you for real..."<br/>
<br/>
An especially big shaking hit the ground while they were talking.<br/>
The two who were sprawling jumped up.<br/>
<br/>
"For now, let's get out of here and call the sparkly and purple here."<br/>
"Agreed!"<br/>
<br/>
The two poured the little mana they had left into their Flight Shoes and flew off the mountain of debris.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"O Guardian Spirit (Mitama) of Saga Empire--"<br/>
<br/>
Saga Empire's Emperor called out to the city core while wielding the rainbow-colored orb turned-key like a wand.<br/>
Perhaps, due to the excess amount of mana, they key couldn't keep its shape as it kept transforming while producing purple lightning.<br/>
<br/>
Even though the emperor was burned by the lightning and had blood seeping out of the wound, he wouldn't stop the ritual.<br/>
<br/>
"By the force bestowed to me by God's Envoy, manifest the door that shall summon God's Majesty unto this land.<br/>
<br/>
The emperor spun his words while trembling from the high voltage shock electrocuting him.<br/>
Blood spilled out of his mouth and nose, the capillary in his fingertips had broken apart with blood gushing out.<br/>
<br/>
Rainbow colored lights converged in front of him, forming into the shape of a door.<br/>
Seven key holes appeared on the rainbow door adorned with jewels.<br/>
<br/>
"By the force bestowed to me by God's Envoy, O keys that open the door, come forth unto this land."<br/>
<br/>
With wounds all over his body, the emperor continued the chant with bloodshot eyes.<br/>
Blue lights leaked out his wounds, shining purple through the red blood.<br/>
<br/>
The rainbow colored lights transformed into keys one by one.<br/>
If someone who had witnessed the gods who materialized in Saga Empire were here, they would have noticed that those key colors represented each of those gods.<br/>
<br/>
"With seven God Keys in hands, I shall fulfill the mission given to me by God's Envoy."<br/>
<br/>
The critically injured emperor swung his arm, and then the seven God Keys floating in the air went into the key holes.<br/>
<br/>
"to the worm, gnawing on the, sacred sagaempire, bringthem destrucTIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNN"<br/>
<br/>
Crystallizations shining bright blue fell off from under the wounds and skin of the emperor who was laughing maniacally.<br/>
His figure was similar to that of Hero Meiko who used up too much Unique Skills in her fight against Great Weasel Demon Lord at the weasel empire.<br/>
<br/>
"come, ARISe, SPread, OPen, MATERIALize, maniFEST, o power of, GOD'S MAJESTYYYYYYYYY--"<br/>
<br/>
In accordance to the words of the king who had lost his sanity, the keys that were in the door's key holes began to turn.<br/>
<br/>
Click.<br/>
<br/>
The first blue lock opened.<br/>
<br/>
Click. Click.<br/>
<br/>
The second, third, yellow and orange color opened.<br/>
<br/>
Click. Click. Click. <br/>
<br/>
The locks opened one by one, and the last key--.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<TLN: If you're reading this novel at any other site than Sousetsuka .com you might be reading an unedited, uncorrected version of the novel.><br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"--What's the matter, Arisa?"<br/>
<br/>
Liza called out to Arisa worryingly.<br/>
Arisa who had been energetically telling the girls the location of those needed saving with space magic suddenly stopped moving and went silent.<br/>
<br/>
"Did something happen to Master?"<br/>
<br/>
Lulu asked.<br/>
<br/>
"U-unn. My Familiar Link with Master has gone out of range."<br/>
<br/>
The girls turned their sight at Arisa all at once hearing that.<br/>
No, Tama alone was flopping on top of the Floating Fort with a carefree expression, saying, "Don't worry be happy~".<br/>
<br/>
"We have to go to Master's rescue, so I insist."<br/>
"Where is it? Arisa! Do you know where is it?"<br/>
<br/>
Liza who reacted to Nana who said that expressionlessly pressed on Arisa in frantic.<br/>
<br/>
"Calm down."<br/>
"That's right! Liza-san, please compose yourself."<br/>
<br/>
Mia murmured, as Lulu stopped Liza who caught Arisa's shoulders in a hurry.<br/>
<br/>
"Everyone, please calm down. Don't worry, Satou is surely fine."<br/>
<br/>
Hikaru put her hands on the panicking Pochi's head, and said that to everyone as she broke out the best smile she could muster.<br/>
<br/>
"Arisa-chan, do you know where the last known location the comm came from?"<br/>
"U-unn. It's the Temple of Heroes in Saga Empire's old capital--ah."<br/>
<br/>
In the middle of her speech Arisa's expression changed.<br/>
<br/>
"Master! Are you OK? Are you hurt anywhere? If you need our help--"<br/>
<br/>
While she was talking, Arisa informed the girls, "It's from Master. Looks like he's alright."<br/>
Acting like she was unconsciously holding a telephone on her mouth as she did that must have been a habit from before she reincarnated.<br/>
<br/>
Arisa got back to the Satou's Familiar Link while gesturing an apology to the girls who fell down in exhaustion.<br/>
<br/>
"--Un, I got it. We're all fine here. You've gotta beat gobu king for sure this time!"<br/>
<br/>
After she's done with the call, Arisa informs the girls about Satou's situation.<br/>
<br/>
"Master has finally located 『Goblin Demon Lord』's stronghold."<br/>
<br/>
The girls cheered when they heard that.<br/>
<br/>
"He had to teleport to observation satellite in order to find that stronghold, that was when the link was cut off temporarily."<br/>
<br/>
Apparently even the Familiar Link with its transcendental range would get cut off when Satou moved through a long distance with Unit Arrangement.<br/>
<br/>
"He was watching the demon lord from satellite orbit?"<br/>
<br/>
Hikaru murmured in amazement.<br/>
<br/>
"He had to move far outside detection range since gobu king was a vigilant one. I guess even gobu king would have never guessed that Master could move to satellite orbit with zero mana consumption."<br/>
"That means, Master is going to wage war at the enemy location?"<br/>
"Un, that's what he said."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa confirmed Liza's question.<br/>
<br/>
"That's why he won't be able to respond to the Familiar Link for a while."<br/>
<br/>
Despite saying that, Arisa believed that Satou would abandon his fight with Gobu King and go to their rescue were she would just call for him in desperation.<br/>
<br/>
"Then, should we not go help Master?"<br/>
"No help needed he said."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa shook her head at Liza's insistence.<br/>
<br/>
"But, isn't 『Goblin Demon Lord』 one of the Great Demon Lord that stands at the top along with 『Dog-Head Demon Lord』 and 『Golden Wild Boar King』 in all history?"<br/>
"It's o'kay~"<br/>
"The possibility of Master losing in a normal combat is zero, so I inform."<br/>
"Nn, invincible."<br/>
<br/>
Tama, Nana and Mia dismissed Liza's worries.<br/>
Lulu and the other girls were worried as well, but they believed that Satou wouldn't lose.<br/>
<br/>
Tama's ears twitched inside the golden helmet.<br/>
<br/>
"Nyu?"<br/>
"It's the hero kids nanodesu."<br/>
<br/>
As Pochi said that, the girls turned around.<br/>
<br/>
"Oyy!"<br/>
<br/>
Hero Seigi and Yuuki came flying with Flight Shoes.<br/>
<br/>
"Is there something wrong?"<br/>
<br/>
A dome of light manifested behind the heroes as Arisa muttered that.<br/>
Seven keys of light appeared on top of the dome.<br/>
<br/>
"That looks like bad news."<br/>
<br/>
As Arisa murmured that, the other girls nodded in agreement.<br/>
<br/>
"We should call Master..."<br/>
"We can't."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa immediately rejected Lulu's proposal.<br/>
<br/>
"Master's thoughts have been getting transmitted to me for a while now, and it's fully committed in the fight. I think, the fight with the gobu king is reaching its climax."<br/>
<br/>
The girls had worried looks on their faces when they heard that.<br/>
<br/>
"It's okay, Master is doing fine. It feels frantic, but it's not like he's getting cornered, see."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa followed up.<br/>
<br/>
"Then, let's deal with this ourselves. Just so you know, I was second to none in Force Magic in my heydays."<br/>
"Nn, help."<br/>
<br/>
As if trying to sweep away the girls' anxiety, Hikaru made a wand-swinging pose along with Mia who did the same pose next to her.<br/>
<br/>
"Anyhow, let's observe it from a safe distance for now!"<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Although quite malformed, those are keys to unlock God's Seal huh... No way Kurou would go and unseal Moon Demon God, then I guess this is Gorou's antic?"<br/>
<br/>
A lone young man standing near the light dome that had shown up in the Imperial Castle's ruins muttered.<br/>
He's clad in a deep purple robe, his black hair is swaying in the wind coming from the dome.<br/>
<br/>
At a spot slightly away from the young man, warriors clad in golden armor--Arisa and the girls teleported in.<br/>
<br/>
"--Black hair?"<br/>
"Master?"<br/>
"No."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa declared.<br/>
<br/>
"You over there, who are you?!"<br/>
<br/>
The young man turned around as Arisa asked for his identity.<br/>
Since the dazzling light coming from the dome acted as a backlight, the girls couldn't make out the young man's face.<br/>
<br/>
"I'm 『Guardian of Little Girls』--if that doesn't roll well on tongue, feel free to call me 『Guardian』 or 『Onii-chan』, whichever is fine."<br/>
"--Haa?"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa's frowned at the smokescreen-sounding words the young man uttered.<br/>
<br/>
"Arisa-chan, could you appraise him?"<br/>
"Unnyaa, it's no good."<br/>
<br/>
It's very rare for the appraisal of reincarnated people and heroes to fail as they bear the divine gift appraisal.<br/>
<br/>
"Goes off~?"<br/>
"Ah! Hold it right there!"<br/>
<br/>
Ignoring Arisa's call to halt, the young man stepped toward the dome.<br/>
<br/>
"Was that your doing?"<br/>
<br/>
Liza went around with Flickering Steps, but the young man's cold gaze made her body freeze up.<br/>
<br/>
"Bad things no no~?"<br/>
"You shouldn't do bad things nanodesuyo."<br/>
"I shall not let you pass, so I report."<br/>
<br/>
Apparently, the young man's gaze only affected Liza as Tama, Pochi and Nana stood before him with their weapons at the ready.<br/>
<br/>
"Oh I won't do anything bad. I'm just here to stop a big idiot from undoing the Demon God's seal."<br/>
<br/>
After saying that, the young man instantaneously moved to the opposite of the beast girls. <br/>
<br/>
"<<BEGONE>>"<br/>
<br/>
As the man murmured so, the light dome that looked like it was about to start up anytime instantly disappeared.<br/>
<br/>
"<<COME>>"<br/>
<br/>
The man murmured and made a swing with his arm, and then the Saga Empire's emperor who was bloody all over appeared in front of him.<br/>
<br/>
"w-what? The secret art TO DEFEAT demon lord's"<br/>
"<<SILENCE>>"<br/>
<br/>
The emperor couldn't speak anymore after that word.<br/>
<br/>
"Has he been brainwashed by Gorou I wonder? Oh well, another successor would pop up even if I eliminate him here anyway."<br/>
<br/>
After glancing at the emperor once, the young man nonchalantly snapped his fingers.<br/>
A moment later, the emperor turned into a charred remain without as much as a scream, scattering away into grey particles.<br/>
<br/>
"See you again. Heroes of present time."<br/>
<br/>
After saying that, the man waved his hands behind and disappeared without turning around.<br/>
<br/>
"J-just what was all that..."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa muttered with a bewildered look on her face.<br/>
That was when Satou called her, informing her about the goblin king's defeat.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇◇◇ Satou ◇◇◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"A black haired man who couldn't be appraised huh..."<br/>
<br/>
After hearing about a young man with transcendental powers, I dropped by Saga Empire's capital with Unit Arrangement.<br/>
<br/>
Not sure whether he's a new demon lord or an existence in line with God, but considering he stopped Saga Empire who was attempting to undo [Demon God's Seal], it's probably safe to assume that he's the type of force that maintains order.<br/>
...Rather, don't even joke about [Demon God's Revival], please.<br/>
<br/>
"That reminds me, how's Parion Temple at the Old Capital?"<br/>
<br/>
Apparently, the imperial capital's Parion Temple has been turned into a mountain of rubble.<br/>
Why would she talk about Parion Temple now--Just when that thought flashed on my mind, I recalled that we originally came to Saga Empire to take on [God Parion's Trial].<br/>
<br/>
"The temple over there is a mountain of rubble too now. Oh dear..."<br/>
<br/>
The temple itself can be quickly rebuilt with magic, but restoring the sanctuary needed to do the God Mingle ritual probably can't be done that easily.<br/>
<br/>
"Nyu~?"<br/>
<br/>
Tama suddenly looked up at the sky.<br/>
<br/>
Looking up in reflex, I saw a pure faint blue light coming down.<br/>
<br/>
--Thank you<br/>
<br/>
Felt like I could faintly hear a small voice.<br/>
<br/>
>Title [Liberator] is Acquired.<br/>
>Title [Mark of Parion] Acquired.<br/>
>Title [One Approved by Parion] Acquired.<br/>
>Title [Parion's Saint] Acquired.<br/>
>Title [Parion's Apostle] Acquired.<br/>
<br/>
I got these titles on the Log before I knew it.<br/>
Since I hadn't been informed of what she wanted me to do yet, this God Parion's Trial was apparently treated as done either because we managed to stop Gobu King's ploy or because I liberated God Parion's [Fragments] captured by Gobu King.<br/>
<br/>
I don't need to do some annoying fetch quest this time, lucky me.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, what was that?"<br/>
"Aah, it's a reward for settling down the turmoil she said."<br/>
<br/>
When I think about it, the voice that warned me back then was that one just now.<br/>
I thought it was either the mysterious little girl's or gobu king's trap.<br/>
<br/>
Now that I've got all the marks, I suppose I can finally accomplish my original goal, that is interviewing the gods.<br/>
<br/>
But well, first I'd love to have a long vacation before going on a journey to the world of gods.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
※ The final chapter is scheduled to start with the next update.<br/>
The next update is planned for 1/6, but it's possible that it may be postponed for a whole month, and will resume once I've written everything to the end.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
