<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
16-9. Sera's Resolution<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
※ This chapter is told from Sera's point of views<br/>
<br/>
--Faith or love, which one should I pick.<br/>
<br/>
The kind and gentle Satou-san cannot approve of the gods' undiscriminating divine punishment.<br/>
To the point that it even prompted him to shelter Weasel Empire, who was the culprit, into another world using a power that was no difference than that of god.<br/>
<br/>
If Satou-san were to really come into conflict with gods, I wonder what I should do.... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"--To the Duchy capital?"<br/>
"I'd like to consult something with Tenion Temple's head miko--Lily-dono you see."<br/>
<br/>
As I was worrying endlessly and stuck in the maze of my mind at the Solitary Island Palace, Satou-san invited me along to the Duchy Capital for a change of pace.<br/>
Of course I didn't say no.<br/>
<br/>
"Are we going on an airship today?"<br/>
<br/>
--That's unusual.<br/>
<br/>
Satou-san could have gone back to our Duchy Capital in an instant with his space magic and Unique Skill.<br/>
<br/>
"Yes, sometimes traveling in the air is nice for a change."<br/>
"You're right, it is."<br/>
<br/>
This time, I'm the only one among the Solitary Island Palace members who's going with Satou-san.<br/>
A journey of only two, though imprudence, it's a bit exciting.<br/>
<br/>
Yet--.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou-sama, so this is Satou-sama's personal airship."<br/>
"Sorry about this, Satou."<br/>
<br/>
Why am I seeing two third wheels here.<br/>
<br/>
"If you really feel sorry then you can just fly there with that Flying Wooden Horse."<br/>
<br/>
I threw some sarcastic words to ane-sama who unreservedly made use of Satou-san while also peeling the touchy feely Ane-sama off Satou-san<br/>
<br/>
I don't want to show dark emotions in front of Satou-san, but I can't control it well when I'm dealing with ane-sama.<br/>
I'm sure that the inferiority complex I had in my childhood still remains in the depth of my heart even now.<br/>
<br/>
--Ah!<br/>
<br/>
"Ririna-san, hugging a gentleman's arm who is not your fiance is shameless for a lady."<br/>
<br/>
Good grief, I really cannot let my guard down.<br/>
I peeled off Ririna who promptly clung on Satou-san's arm.<br/>
<br/>
"Ara? Sera, are you being jealous of a kid?"<br/>
"I'm not jealous! I'm just guiding her how to act like a lady."<br/>
"Hmmm, guiding huh--"<br/>
<br/>
I calmly brushed off ane-sama who chided me while looking happy.<br/>
<br/>
"--Ey!"<br/>
<br/>
Ane-sama suddenly embraced Satou-san's head.<br/>
<br/>
"Onee-sama! You're shameless!"<br/>
<br/>
I cannot believe it.<br/>
It's another matter with Ririna who's still a child, but it isn't something an adult woman like ane-sama should act like.<br/>
<br/>
"Ara? Grandfather-sama told me to marry Satou you know? That means we're like fiance and fiancee now right?"<br/>
<br/>
Grandfather-sama....<br/>
<br/>
Please stop with such jokes, it will only serve to stimulate ane-sama.<br/>
<br/>
I endured myself to deal with ane-sama until we arrived at the duchy capital in order to prevent her from troubling Satou-san.<br/>
<br/>
Yes, I was relieved from the bottom of my heart the moment I saw the duchy castle's spire from the window.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"It has been awhile Satou-san."<br/>
"Nice to meet you again, Head Miko--No, Miko Lily."<br/>
<br/>
The morning after the day we arrived at the duchy capital, I accompanied Satou-san to visit Tenion Temple.<br/>
Satou-san wishes to meet the gods.<br/>
<br/>
"Since that's what you wish for, I'd love to have it granted it, but--"<br/>
<br/>
Lily-sama paused.<br/>
<br/>
"If you want to talk with a god yourself, then there is no choice but to use 『Invoke Deity』 to let a god advent into my body."<br/>
<br/>
--Invoke Deity.<br/>
<br/>
It's the ultimate holy magic to let one part of god descend unto your own Soul Vessel.<br/>
<br/>
In the history books of Tenion temple, there were records of miko and priests utilizing Invoke Deity in order to fights against demon lords and greater demons' invasions.<br/>
However, every one of them required a great compensation.<br/>
Worse than even losing their life, they apparently had their Soul Vessel broken.<br/>
<br/>
It probably is not possible for the tiny vessel of man to bring into themselves a huge existence that is god.<br/>
<br/>
"No, the compensation for that magic is much too big."<br/>
"If it's for you and this world's sake, I don't mind giving up this soul of mine you know?"<br/>
<br/>
Lily-sama jokingly said that to Satou-san who was shaking his head.<br/>
<br/>
However, Lily-sama is being serious.<br/>
I'm scared that she would really do it were Satou-san nodded.<br/>
<br/>
Lily-san suggested the method an ancient king used to have a dialog with gods to Satou-san who asked for another mean.<br/>
<br/>
We asked for the current head-miko's permission to enter Tenion Temple's banned archive and looked for the document we sought.<br/>
<br/>
"Here it is--looks like it needs quite a difficult ceremony."<br/>
<br/>
Lily-sama muttered while looking over a banned book.<br/>
<br/>
The ceremony needed some rare items, but Satou-san arranged them up in a line with a calm face as usual.<br/>
Please stop treating the philosopher's stone like taking a pebble out of your pocket.<br/>
<br/>
Look, Lily-sama is gettng dumbfounded there.<br/>
<br/>
"Ufufu, you really are amazing."<br/>
<br/>
The childish looking Lily-sama smiles at Satou-san.<br/>
Her maiden in love air is making my heart ache, I wonder if I'm imagining things.<br/>
<br/>
"The ceremony needs Prayer magic you see. If Sera can recite it, can I leave it to you?"<br/>
"I have never tried using the magic, but I believe I can do it."<br/>
"If you aren't sure, I don't mind using it myself, but--"<br/>
<br/>
Lily-sama whispered into my ears with a mischievous look on her face.<br/>
<br/>
"--The ceremony requires you two to stick together in bare."<br/>
"B-bare?"<br/>
<br/>
Shameless!<br/>
<br/>
It's too shameless!<br/>
<br/>
An unmarried maiden embracing with a gentleman naked!!<br/>
<br/>
"But Sera, aren't you used to embracing Satou-san naked?"<br/>
<br/>
Lily-sama said some unbelievable things.<br/>
<br/>
"M-Me and Satou-san, doing such a thing!"<br/>
"Sera, he'll hear you if you're too loud you know?"<br/>
"Eh? U-umm, err--"<br/>
<br/>
Lily-sama reproved me when I reflexively shouted out loud.<br/>
<br/>
"So what would you do, Sera? I can do it for you if you're embarrassed you know?"<br/>
<br/>
Lily-sama looks into my eyes with a teasing look.<br/>
The figures of Satou-san and Lily-sama embracing each other in nude flashed in my mind.<br/>
<br/>
--I don't want that.<br/>
<br/>
I resolved myself at the words that flashed for an instant.<br/>
I breathe deeply and put strength in my stomach.<br/>
<br/>
"--I will do it."<br/>
<br/>
Lily-sama nodded satisfyingly at my limp teary sounding voice that was in contrast to my resolution.<br/>
<br/>
<TLN: If you're reading this novel at any other site than Sousetsuka .com you might be reading an unedited, uncorrected version of the novel.><br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
After parting with Satou-san who went back to the duchy castle, I was led by Lily-sama to a work room at a corner of the sanctuary.<br/>
<br/>
"Well then Sera. Please work on this."<br/>
<br/>
She handed me a ceremonial white holy robe and two spools of jade silk thread.<br/>
Along with a handbook about ceremonial embroidery patterns.<br/>
<br/>
--Don't tell me, I have to embroider the holy robe starting from now?<br/>
<br/>
"U-umm, but the ceremony is in two days...."<br/>
"It's alright, I'm sure Sera could do it."<br/>
<br/>
Lily-sama replied my question with a smile.<br/>
<br/>
"You're good at embroidery right?"<br/>
"Yes...."<br/>
<br/>
It appears that there is no escaping this.<br/>
<br/>
"I'll do my best."<br/>
<br/>
I quickly and carefully begin to embroider.<br/>
Of course, I'm doing it while putting my prayers to god Tenion.<br/>
<br/>
I kept working until total exhaustion, and on midnight of the ceremony day--<br/>
<br/>
"Oh no, I fell asleep."<br/>
<br/>
I raised up in a hurry and checked to see if the holy robe were dirtied.<br/>
<br/>
--Eh?<br/>
<br/>
Even though there should have been more than half of unfinished embroideries, everything is already done.<br/>
<br/>
Having no idea what happened, I looked around and found nutritional supplements and snacks that would still taste good eaten cold at the corner of a table.<br/>
<br/>
"...Satou-san."<br/>
<br/>
Warmth coming from the bottom of my heart warms me up.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<--O my dear human child><br/>
<br/>
A voice that isn't a voice.<br/>
<br/>
<O young girl in love><br/>
<br/>
Neither it is a thought, the words fall from the sanctuary's ceiling.<br/>
<br/>
<Speak of your feelings.><br/>
<br/>
I surrender myself to the sudden oracle.<br/>
I spoke to my heart's content just as god Tenion desired.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
--The next morning.<br/>
<br/>
The embroidery pattern on the robes gets transcribed onto my body by Lily-sama and current head miko-sama's holy magic.<br/>
<br/>
Everything is ready now.<br/>
<br/>
"Sera, give it your all."<br/>
"I'm sure you can do it."<br/>
"Yes, Lily-sama, head miko-sama."<br/>
<br/>
Miko who have undergone purification ceremony are lined up along the ceremony place.<br/>
<br/>
"King entering--"<br/>
<br/>
Satou-san who was wearing ancient king-like clothing walked into the ceremony in the sanctuary.<br/>
<br/>
Coupled with the classical king clothing, today Satou-san really looks like a king.<br/>
He looks more dignified than usual.<br/>
<br/>
"O king, stand before miko."<br/>
<br/>
Satou-san followed the current head miko words and came walking here.<br/>
<br/>
Satou-san whose eyes met mine lets out his usual gentle smile.<br/>
Even though he's going to communicate with god Tenion, he's acting like he always is.<br/>
<br/>
"O king, discard your worldly garment."<br/>
<br/>
Two miko take off Satou-san's clothing.<br/>
It was over in an instant since there was only one piece.<br/>
<br/>
The miko blushed to see Satou-san's symmetrical naked body.<br/>
I stared at Satou-san's calm eyes to keep my line of sight from going down.<br/>
<br/>
"O miko of guidance, discard your worldly garment."<br/>
<br/>
The miko take off my robe.<br/>
<br/>
When I think that Satou-san is watching, I feel so embarrassed it's enough to turn my whole body red.<br/>
Even though I'm feeling this embarrassed, Satou-san looks nonchalant as usual.<br/>
<br/>
It's somehow--no, it's really frustrating.<br/>
<br/>
But this isn't the time for that.<br/>
I have to continue with the ceremony for Satou-san's sake--.<br/>
<br/>
"O miko of guidance, show the king the way."<br/>
<br/>
I spread both my arms and embrace Satou-san's upper arms.<br/>
Even though Satou-san's body look as soft as that of a woman, it's covered with slightly hard muscles.<br/>
<br/>
The serene light of the sanctuary, and the words of miko celebrating for god soothe my heart that's falling into disarray from that sensation.<br/>
<br/>
--God.<br/>
<br/>
I look up at the sanctuary's ceiling and calls for god Tenion.<br/>
<br/>
--Great god who watches over us.<br/>
<br/>
A light falls from the sky as if answering my call.<br/>
This warm light is god Tenion's holy light.<br/>
<br/>
I surrender myself to god Tenion's holy light like I always did when receiving oracles.<br/>
<br/>
<O my dear child of man. O king who calls for me by way of maiden. State your wish--><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
※ Next update is planned for 8/20<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
