<br/>
<br/>
16-52. Sage's Tower<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou here. One of my friends from university days told me that only geniuses are capable of solving problems left unsolved by ordinary men their whole life.<br/>
However, even if it's geniuses who overcome the last step, I think it's the persistent efforts of us ordinary men that tread down the path right before that last step.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Waa, snow country~"<br/>
"The snow is bow-wow all over the places nodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa and Pochi jumped into the snow like puppies who had just seen snow for the first time.<br/>
<br/>
We arrived at the city state Kariswolk where Karion main temple is located.<br/>
I realized that I was overthinking about [God's Backdoors] from previous trials, and so I went with all members who had times on this occasion.<br/>
<br/>
The territory where this city state is located is currently snowing, thus [Sage's Tower], which is also another name for the city, is hidden by the heavily falling snow, we can't see it here from outside the city.<br/>
<br/>
"Geez, Arisa. You're going to catch a cold."<br/>
<br/>
With a 'dear me' expression, Lulu scolded Arisa and Pochi who went on to create snow angels while laughing.<br/>
Hearing that, Lady Karina who was late to join in with the two stopped herself from jumping with an awkward look on her face.<br/>
Well, Princess Sistina and Sera's scolding time would have waited for her if she did jump.<br/>
<br/>
"Mia, hoping for a snow rabbit."<br/>
"Nn, leave it to me."<br/>
<br/>
Nana carefully scooped out snow in her hand and requested Mia to make her a rabbit model out of snow.<br/>
<br/>
"Snug snug~?"<br/>
<br/>
Tama who's piggybacking me hugs my head while purring.<br/>
<br/>
"Tama, get down. You're troubling Master."<br/>
"Tama can't~?"<br/>
"I don't really mind."<br/>
<br/>
Scolded by Liza, Tama asked for my permission while looking dejected so I gave her the ok.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou, will ancestor king--Mito-sama come along too?"<br/>
"Yes, but she's got some business to attend to this morning, I think she will join us in the afternoon."<br/>
<br/>
I replied to Princess Sistina as she looked around.<br/>
Looks like she wasn't present when I invited Hikaru while she was going out.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou-san, as ordered, I've told that side we don't need the carriage coming for us."<br/>
"Thanks again, Zena-san."<br/>
<br/>
Zena-san who had gone ahead to the city's gate with Flight magic came back.<br/>
<br/>
"Well then, let's get going once Sera-san is here."<br/>
<br/>
I gaze at the kids playing with snow after saying that.<br/>
<br/>
"I'm sorry to keep you waiting."<br/>
"No no, don't worry about it."<br/>
<br/>
After a bit, Sera who had dressed herself came down the airship.<br/>
Apparently she dislikes cold, thus she was going to go out in thick clothing, but after I told about the perfect effectiveness of my magical temperature control with, she went and changed to light dresses.<br/>
<br/>
I didn't use the magic during our trip to the eastern snowy Kiwolk Kingdom since I wanted us all to enjoy snow kingdom to the fullest, but I'm using the magic here since wearing thick clothing would hinder our mobility.<br/>
<br/>
"Well then, let's go."<br/>
<br/>
I told the girls and stepped forward toward the city gate beyond the snow field.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Icicles~?"<br/>
"It kinda looks tasty nanodesu."<br/>
"Ahaha, wanna try putting strawberry syrup on it and have a taste later?"<br/>
"Nn, blue calpis."<br/>
<br/>
The kids are laughing while reaching out to the icicles hanging on the windows and roofs of houses here.<br/>
Mia seems to like it blue.<br/>
<br/>
"But really, it's pure white desuwa."<br/>
"This is what they call blanket of snow."<br/>
<br/>
Princess Sistina replied to Lady Karina.<br/>
<br/>
"It doesn't look like there's a stall in this season here."<br/>
"Instead, there's lots of home stores around."<br/>
<br/>
The doors and windows are small so these houses look like private houses, but there are signboards drawn with pictures signifying dinery and bar hung on the front doors.<br/>
I wonder if the fact that there's a lot more rental library than other countries here is due to Sage's Tower?<br/>
<br/>
"Is that perhaps the main temple?"<br/>
"The holy mark of God Karion is carved on the front wall, that must be it."<br/>
<br/>
Sera answered Zena-san's question.<br/>
Karion Main Temple is a building that looks like ice.<br/>
<br/>
It's not actually made of ice, the building is built with crystal reinforced with earth magic.<br/>
<br/>
"Sparkly~?"<br/>
"It's transparent nanodesu!"<br/>
"A building made of ice desuwa!"<br/>
"Well, there are people who cross over galaxies with a spaceship made of ice after all, no surprise here too right?"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa said so while mentioning an episode in a space opera about a great man that founded a democratic nation.<br/>
She herself intended that to be a joke, but since Pochi, Tama and Lady Karina seemed like they were about to believe her for real, I told them that this was made of crystal.<br/>
<br/>
I went inside the temple with the girls.<br/>
<br/>
"I thought it'd be full of priests, but there's a surprising number of scholars here."<br/>
<br/>
Just as Arisa said, there's lots of priests and scholars here.<br/>
Including the priests, most of the people coming and going out of the temple are wearing gray robes, so it's hard to tell them apart.<br/>
<br/>
"Apparently there's a library deep inside the temple, you see."<br/>
"Hee, do you think it's open to the public?"<br/>
"I wonder?"<br/>
<br/>
Looking at the library's Map, only scholars related to [Sage's Tower] and students studying under these scholars' private schools are inside the library.<br/>
<br/>
"Pink~?"<br/>
"If I had to say, isn't it more vermilion?"<br/>
<br/>
Statues made of vermilion rock salt are lined up in the chapel.<br/>
Looks like Tama sees those statues as pink colored.<br/>
<br/>
"Welcome to Karion Main Temple, visitors from a foreign country. What do you seek here, recovery, or blessing?"<br/>
<br/>
A gentle-looking male priest came to greet us.<br/>
<br/>
"No, I'm here to take on God Karion's trial."<br/>
"T-trial? Do you wish to inspect the library for the 『Pursuit of Truth』? Or do you mean, trial in its 『Truest Sense』?"<br/>
"I would love to get the permission to inspect the library, however, I'm here today to take on the trial in its 『Truest Sense』."<br/>
"P-please wait for a moment!"<br/>
<br/>
The male priest went back inside in a hurry.<br/>
Other temples seemed to have received a messages about me, did this temple not get it, I wonder?<br/>
<br/>
"T-Thank you very much for waiting."<br/>
<br/>
After a while, the priest earlier came back with a strict-looking temple head, several high ranking priests and a young miko.<br/>
<br/>
"Pleased to meet you, 『Challenger of God's Trial』. I'm 『Oracle Miko』 who serves upon God Karion, my name is Maiya."<br/>
"I'm Earl Satou Pendragon of Shiga Kingdom. It's an honor to meet Miko Maiya-dono."<br/>
<br/>
Miko Maiya greeted with an earnest look.<br/>
This Miko-san and her serious-looking expression would look good in female teacher fashion.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
『--O God. O prudent God whom we revere.』<br/>
<br/>
After the same old procedures, I proceeded to contact God Karion with Miko Maiya's lead.<br/>
<br/>
A bright light fell down the heavens to answer miko's call.<br/>
It's a pleasant vermilion light.<br/>
<br/>
The ecstatic expression on miko's face turned flat.<br/>
She's entered the trance state.<br/>
<br/>
『...What a pain.』<br/>
<br/>
A child voice of unknown gender echoed in my head.<br/>
I think that was God Karion's voice, but the line was cut off along with that word.<br/>
<br/>
I caught the falling miko and quickly checked the Log.<br/>
<br/>
>Title [Mark of Karion] Acquired<br/>
>Title [One Approved by God Karion] Acquired<br/>
<br/>
I had feared that I failed, but doesn't seem to be any problem.<br/>
<br/>
"...Earl Pendragon."<br/>
<br/>
The sweaty miko-san looks up at me with flushed cheeks.<br/>
Quite sexy.<br/>
<br/>
"You must have found God Karion's revelation to be deeply meaningful, haven't you?"<br/>
<br/>
The miko is looking at me expecting for my affirmation, but it's a bit hard to comply to that.<br/>
I don't idolize god Karion enough to feel the deepness of that [What a pain].<br/>
<br/>
"The words earlier had the meaning of 『There is only one trial given to those who seek it. Repeating the same words would only waste time, pursue the temple's records』."<br/>
<br/>
The miko quietly spun her words.<br/>
She's quite a lively miko considering she just went through a contact with god.<br/>
<br/>
"And the trial is 『Go to Sage's Tower, inside, pick and solve one among the problems that have been left unsolved for more than 100 years.』"<br/>
<br/>
That sounds kind of fun.<br/>
<br/>
I've gotten the mark already so it's not like I've got to do the trial anyway, but it'd be troublesome if they tried to find fault later on.<br/>
God Karion might have given the mark to me just as an advance payment after all.<br/>
<br/>
<TLN: If you're reading this novel at any other site than Sousetsuka .com you might be reading an unedited, uncorrected version of the novel.><br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Your excellency, over there is Sage's Tower."<br/>
<br/>
Miko Maiya pointed at a stone-made large tower as her glasses reflected light.<br/>
The miko has taken upon herself to show us around the Sage's Tower, but for some reason she's changed her outfit from [Oracle Miko] to [Female Teacher Fashion]. Complete with triangular glasses.<br/>
<br/>
Apparently, it's a traditional outfit introduced by a hero donned whenever she visits the Sage's Tower.<br/>
<br/>
"No matter how you look at it, the character-making is way too much~"<br/>
"Nn, excessive."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa and Mia had that conversation behind my back.<br/>
Well, I'm actually in agreement here, but the tight skirt looks very much perfect on Miko Maiya, so I have no intention to point out the excessiveness.<br/>
Feels like Arisa and the girls would cosplay as one if I carelessly blurted it out.<br/>
<br/>
Inside a building made of stone at the base of the tower, scholars and students are exchanging opinions in the entrance hall and passages here and there.<br/>
<br/>
『According to the documents from Furu Empire's era, the magic circle inside fire wands is--』<br/>
『Fundamental differences in mana supply between magic cannons that exist today and magic cannons from Magic Kingdom Lalakie--』<br/>
『I proclaim that we could clear up monster dominions without wasting human resources by making use of Soul Art considered forbidden!』<br/>
『To produce clean water through water gems in desert areas, the mane of kelpie as a catalyst would be--』<br/>
<br/>
There's a lot of discussions related to military technology for such a place of learning.<br/>
It's probably because the close proximity of monster threats here, that military technology dedicated to strengthen city defence feels close to people in a different way than in modern times.<br/>
<br/>
"Pink~"<br/>
"There's statues over here too nodesu!"<br/>
"They look different from the statues we saw at the temple."<br/>
<br/>
Tama and the girls found rock salt statues scattered in the entrance hall with their sharp eyes.<br/>
<br/>
"From here on is where the scholars are doing their research, therefore I would have to ask for a minimum number of people--"<br/>
<br/>
Miko Maiya told us so in front of a spiral staircase at the deepest part of the entrance hall.<br/>
Arisa, Mia and Princess Sistina, aka the researchers, are coming with us, while the other members have been tasked by me to trail-blaze stores that sell tasty stuff intended for scholars and students around the tower.<br/>
<br/>
We climb up the stairs to the topmost part of the tower with miko Maiya leading.<br/>
Since Arisa and the girls complained that they were tired halfway through, I created [<<Floating Boards>>] with Force magic and put them on board.<br/>
<br/>
And then we came to a room at the top.<br/>
<br/>
"Miko Maiya, if you're here that means that man is?"<br/>
"Yes, Sage Kanryu. This gentleman here is Earl Satou Pendragon, he's taken on God Karion's trial."<br/>
<br/>
The kind-looking old man with white beard appears to be a sage.<br/>
<br/>
"Welcome, Satou-kun. I hope to witness you work out an answer to the unsolved problems here."<br/>
<br/>
Sage Kanryu smiled profoundly as he said that.<br/>
<br/>
Now then, what kind of problems are left unsolved for 100 years?<br/>
I would prefer if it doesn't take too long to solve.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
