<br/>
<br/>
16-55. Sage's Tower (4)<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou here. Unlike in fictional stuff such as detective manga or drama, I would have liked it for incidents to stop happening every time I got to a new place. Peaceful every day life is the best you know.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"What's the big trouble?"<br/>
"Karina she's~"<br/>
"Come with us nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Pulled by Tama and Pochi, I was taken elsewhere through the shadow.<br/>
After coming out of a back alley, we arrived at an open space near Kariswolk City's outer wall.<br/>
<br/>
Something seems amiss, many people in the open space are crouching down looking ill.<br/>
There are fireplaces burning here and there in the open space, also traces of people distributing food here.<br/>
<br/>
--Is it food poisoning?<br/>
<br/>
"Hurrya~"<br/>
"Master, come here nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Tama and Pochi pulled me by hands to the blue light point that indicated Lady Karina.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, over here."<br/>
<br/>
Liza called me from the direction of the light point.<br/>
Lady Karina is sitting down next to a watering hole in the center of the open space.<br/>
<br/>
"Karina-sama, are you okay?"<br/>
"...Satou."<br/>
<br/>
Lady Karina looked at me with a pained look when I called her.<br/>
Her condition is displayed on the AR reading on top of her.<br/>
<br/>
--State [Curse: Progressing]<br/>
<br/>
I would have never imagined that there would be an abnormal status Raka cannot cure.<br/>
Looks like Lady Karina has been cursed by someone.<br/>
<br/>
I don't think anyone would target someone who had just arrived at a foreign country like her, so I checked on the other ill-looking people around.<br/>
Sure enough, the people here are cursed as well.<br/>
<br/>
I search for everyone with a [Curse] state and put markers on them.<br/>
Since the number is quite high, I group them together and change the color.<br/>
<br/>
"Master~?<br/>
"Will Karina be okay nanodesu?"<br/>
<br/>
Tama and Pochi look up at me while looking really worried.<br/>
<br/>
"Ah yeah, she'll be fine."<br/>
<br/>
I smile back at the two to reassure them and pick a Soul Magic [Return Curse]-type from among my magic list.<br/>
There's this spell that would return the curse back to its user multi folds, [Karma (Space Return Curse)], but I pass over that as it would likely kill the target.<br/>
<br/>
--Curse Back: Home In (Return Curse Chaser)<br/>
<br/>
I pick a convenient spell that would trace the curse back to its user while also returning it back.<br/>
Once I used the spell, black miasma came out of Lady Karina's body, then it turned into a cutout-like crow, and flew to the sky--<br/>
<br/>
"Nyu?"<br/>
"It's gone nodesu."<br/>
<br/>
But for some reason, it was repulsed and then disappeared when it was about to fly over the water.<br/>
Normally, it should have flown back to the curse's user, but apparently, there was some kind of anti Return Curse mechanism at work, so the tracking was stopped midway.<br/>
<br/>
But for now, since Lady Karina's abnormal state has gone back to [None], all's well.<br/>
<br/>
And for other people with Curse status, rather than using [Return Curse] on them one by one, I'll just use the advanced spell of light magic [Divine Brilliant Purification] and cure them off their Curses.<br/>
<br/>
"Nyu!"<br/>
<br/>
Right when I was about to cast the spell from the magic list, Tama slashed her claw at empty air.<br/>
With a view magnified by my skill, I could see a falling mosquito that had been cut in two.<br/>
<br/>
Oh, it's just a mosquito--wait, mosquito in the middle of this winter season?<br/>
<br/>
Why?<br/>
Right when I was thinking that, my conversation with Arisa flashed back on my mind.<br/>
<br/>
『They were bitten by bugs right? Maybe the bugs were the vector of the vampiric infection?』<br/>
<br/>
While thinking, no way, I read the info of the falling mosquito.<br/>
Its species name is [Vampire Mosquito: Mutant].<br/>
<br/>
...No way.<br/>
<br/>
Searching for [Vampire Mosquito], I found a not insignificant amount of them in the surroundings.<br/>
I have no reason to ignore this, thus I operate my Magic List, and suck all the mosquito in using wind magic [Air Control] to a sub-space I created using space magic [Garage].<br/>
<br/>
The new snow in the area also ended up getting sucked in, but it's not like anyone would be troubled if the mosquito died, so I left it alone.<br/>
<br/>
After securing one rat that had fallen into the same condition as Lady Karina earlier, I cast the [Divine Brilliant Purification], and purified the crouching people who had been cursed in the open space all at once.<br/>
<br/>
Quite a flashy light filled the open space, but we're the only one who would pay it any mind here, so no problem there.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"So what actually happened here?"<br/>
"There was this little kid who broke a pot nodesu."<br/>
"The adult was going to hit that kid with a stick~"<br/>
"He was going to hit her with a stick nodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
I sort out the info in my head while Tama and Pochi continue on with their narration.<br/>
I had asked Liza to patrol the open space for a bit, I might have made a mistake in the personnel selection here.<br/>
<br/>
There was a man next to the watering hole, and there was a big pot next to that man.<br/>
That pot had a warm water inside, steam was coming out of it.<br/>
One of the kids who were playing hide and seek bumped into that man, and then the falling man hit the pot in a chain reaction, breaking it.<br/>
<br/>
Afterward, Lady Karina and the girls, who witnessed the enraged man flailing a stick around, put a stop to the barbaric act.<br/>
<br/>
I secretly secured the broken pot's splinters from the ground into my Storage.<br/>
According to its detailed information, it was an item created at the old capital of Saga Empire.<br/>
<br/>
...Saga Empire huh.<br/>
<br/>
"Reimbursement."<br/>
"He told us to pay to make up for the pot the kid broke nodesu."<br/>
"And did you pay?"<br/>
"Secret savings~"<br/>
"Pochi and Tama did with our pocket money nodesu."<br/>
<br/>
Checking on the their magic bags, all the gold coins I gave them have disappeared.<br/>
<br/>
『And yet the man insisted it still wasn't enough and tried to take the jewelry I and Karina-dono had, but in exchange for a large diamond, that is Tama-dono's secret saving, he ceased his demands.』<br/>
<br/>
The <<Intelligent Item>>, Raka that Lady Karina had added more details.<br/>
Additionally, it was apparently Raka who took care of the rest.<br/>
<br/>
The diamond that Tama had was a manmade one I created using magic, I'll be sure to make another one later and give her that.<br/>
<br/>
"So where did that man go?"<br/>
"He ran there while dancing~?"<br/>
<br/>
Tama pointed at the east gate.<br/>
<br/>
『Right after that man had left. The kids in the plaza started to keel over.』<br/>
<br/>
They fell one after another, and eventually Lady Karina ended up collapsing herself.<br/>
<br/>
"Medicines didn't work~?"<br/>
"Not antidote, not panacea worked nodesu."<br/>
"That must have been rough."<br/>
<br/>
I pat the two's heads as they tried to convey what happened at the time with gestures.<br/>
Due to the matter of Weasel Empire's temple knight, Liedill, who ended up becoming my familiar, I had restricted the use of Blood Elixir only in cases where the victim is in a serious state of near death.<br/>
<br/>
I'll let the two carry the easy to use ordinary elixirs with them next time.<br/>
<br/>
"...Satou."<br/>
"How are you feeling?"<br/>
"I'm fine desuwa."<br/>
<br/>
Lady Karina slowly got up.<br/>
Looks like she's recovered already thanks to her Self-Recovery skill.<br/>
<br/>
"Private Pochi, Private Tama! I will now assign you a duty."<br/>
"Aye!"<br/>
"Yes sir nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
To the two who struck the Shupin pose while standing straight, I ask them to care for the sick people here.<br/>
<br/>
"I shall help too desuwa!"<br/>
"Yes, if you would. Raka, sorry, but I'm counting on you to support the girls."<br/>
『Umu, leave it to me.』<br/>
<br/>
The guards will probably come later, I'll let Raka to deal with them.<br/>
<br/>
I turned my back at them, and dashed out to chase the man together with Liza who had just come back from patrolling.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<TLN: If you're reading this novel at any other site than Sousetsuka .com you might be reading an unedited, uncorrected version of the novel.><br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"--Uwaaaaaa"<br/>
<br/>
A man who was riding a ride beast, a Snow Black Rat, was thrown off his ride when the rat suddenly stopped, and then he fell headlong into a piled up snow at the side of the road.<br/>
I left the Snow Black Rat to Liza to take care of, would be bad if it went wild.<br/>
<br/>
"You look to be quite in a hurry, did you have an urgent business somewhere?"<br/>
<br/>
I dragged the man out of the snow and talked to him.<br/>
<br/>
"L-lemme go!"<br/>
<br/>
When the man tried to shake off my hand, I shoved him down with his back on the snow and thrust my drawn Fairy Sword before the man.<br/>
<br/>
"What were you doing next to the watering hole? I'll let you off with your life if you talk."<br/>
<br/>
I accosted the man while relying on Deception and Interrogation skill.<br/>
The reason why I could pinpoint this man as our culprit is because he was the only one who tried to flee to the urban areas at high speed.<br/>
<br/>
Just in case, I should use the mind magic [Detect Lie] to see through lies.<br/>
This magic is not really that accurate, but it's still better than nothing.<br/>
<br/>
"Someone just paid me to do that! 『Watch the pot』 they said."<br/>
<br/>
Result from Detect Lie--Truth.<br/>
<br/>
I put on a callous expression and jerked my chin urging him to continue.<br/>
<br/>
"I don't know who that person was. They were hiding their face in a hood, hell if I know who they were!" <TLN: Gender neutral they, not plural they.><br/>
<br/>
He doesn't know that person--Lie.<br/>
<br/>
"That's a lie. You must know who they were."<br/>
<br/>
The man had a cramp on his face when I declared so.<br/>
<br/>
"H-how..."<br/>
"Talk."<br/>
<br/>
I gripped the sword tighter and coerced the man.<br/>
Using Coercion skill here would have knocked the guy out.<br/>
<br/>
"T-they were a scholar-sensei like you."<br/>
"Which scholar?"<br/>
"I've no idea. They had a 『Ring of Wisdom』 on their arm just like you."<br/>
<br/>
Apparently, that's how he deemed them to be a scholar.<br/>
<br/>
I put markers on all scholars that have 『Ring of Wisdom』 with them inside the country.<br/>
None seems to be acting suspiciously.<br/>
<br/>
"Hey, I've told you everythin' yea. So let me go. I'd be killed by that scholar-sensei if I stay here."<br/>
"--Killed?"<br/>
<br/>
That's brutal.<br/>
<br/>
"It's coz I broke an important experimental tool. That scholar-sensei who woulda go as far as killing their scholar cohorts wouldn't think twice to kill me."<br/>
<br/>
Well, they're a bunch who's been spreading Vampire Mosquito that put a debilitating curse on people all over the places after all. That much shouldn't be strange.<br/>
<br/>
"I, overheard 'em..."<br/>
<br/>
This man has [Attentive Ears] skill and apparently with that, he overheard the scholar in question instructing men in white to carry out murders in a back alley.<br/>
<br/>
"Who are they trying to kill?"<br/>
<br/>
I can't overlook an attempt for life here.<br/>
<br/>
"Those men mentioned three names."<br/>
<br/>
And the names that came out of the man's mouth sounded familiar to me.<br/>
<br/>
Witch, Witch's apprentice, and Oracle Miko-san.<br/>
Miraculously enough, they're all my acquaintances.<br/>
<br/>
"...It's the guards."<br/>
<br/>
Looking at the direction the man muttered at, I saw guards coming here while breaking snow.<br/>
<br/>
Just in time, I drag the man to the guards, and tell them that he's a concerned person of the incident at the open space.<br/>
The man was screaming 'This isn't what you promised!" or something, but it's not like I ever said I'd let him go if he talked, so I paid him no mind and proceeded to take the action needed to protect the three whose names came up earlier.<br/>
<br/>
Good grief, just when we've got a fun trial that stimulated my spirit of inquiry, would it kill them to not cause these unnecessary incidents.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
※ Next update is planned for 7/15<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
