<br/>
<br/>
16-8. Ringrande's Homecoming<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou here. I always came back to my parents' home for obon and new year's day in my college days, but that got less and less often the moment I became a working adult.<br/>
It's not because I didn't like getting pestered about when is the wedding or getting offered to go to a marriage interview by obliging relatives. I'm telling the truth you know?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Satou, sorry but could you please escort me back to Duchy Capital?"<br/>
"Yes, I wouldn't mind."<br/>
<br/>
When I was on my way back from the castle after seeing the fake Holy Shell Mobile Armor, Lady Ringrande whom I came across in a hallway asked me that.<br/>
<br/>
I was just thinking of going back to the duchy capital, so it's just right.<br/>
<br/>
I had promised to attend to a tea party and a banquet so we couldn't go right away, we departed to the duchy capital on the Tourism Ministry airship the next morning.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou-sama, so this is Satou-sama's personal airship."<br/>
<br/>
For some reason there was another individual attached to Lady Ringrande.<br/>
It's miss Ririna, the daughter of Gururian's viceroy, who's also attending the royal academy.<br/>
<br/>
"No, it doesn't belong to me as it's the Tourism Ministry's facility."<br/>
<br/>
Of course, the fuel for the magic furnace, magic cores, comes from my own expense.<br/>
<br/>
"Sorry about this, Satou."<br/>
<br/>
Lady Ringrande said that as she boarded the ship after carrying in the Flying Wooden Horse.<br/>
<br/>
"If you really feel sorry then you can just fly there with that Flying Wooden Horse."<br/>
<br/>
The one who reproached Lady Ringrande with thorny words was her little sister of the same mother, Sera.<br/>
She's the the only one among Solitary Island Palace members who's going along with me this time as the other girls seem to have business in the royal capital here.<br/>
<br/>
Additionally, Lady Karina is going to act as a guide in lady Soruna's capital tour.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Ehehe, Satou-sama."<br/>
<br/>
Miss Ririna went and clung on me when the airship shifted into level flight.<br/>
Looks like she's gotten attached to me.<br/>
<br/>
"Ririna-san, hugging a gentleman's arm who is not your fiance is shameless for a lady."<br/>
<br/>
Sera she stepped in while smiling and peeled Miss Ririna off me.<br/>
<br/>
"Ara? Sera, are you being jealous of a kid?"<br/>
<br/>
Lady Ringrande teased her little sister while grinning.<br/>
<br/>
"I'm not jealous! I'm just guiding her how to act like a lady."<br/>
"Hmmm, guiding huh--"<br/>
<br/>
Lady Ringrande gleefully watches Sera who's desperately insisting her official stance.<br/>
Lady Ringrande's eyes met mine while she was talking, they shined like that of a cat who found its prey.<br/>
<br/>
"--Ey!"<br/>
<br/>
Lady Ringrande hugs my head with a mischievous look.<br/>
The ample breast cushion deformed on my chest, transmitting captivating sensation.<br/>
<br/>
"Aa!"<br/>
"Eeh?"<br/>
<br/>
Sera shouted when she saw that, Miss Ririna also sounded surprised.<br/>
<br/>
"Onee-sama! You're shameless!"<br/>
<br/>
Lady Ringrande gleefully looks at the flaring Sera.<br/>
<br/>
"Ara? Grandfather-sama told me to marry Satou you know? That means we're like fiance and fiancee now right?"<br/>
<br/>
Looks like lady Ringrande who's crazy about her little sister can't help herself teasing Sera.<br/>
<br/>
"Sa-Satou-sama! Is it true that you're engaged to Ringrande-sama?"<br/>
"No no, it was just a joke someone said when we were out drinking."<br/>
<br/>
Miss Ririna was asking me with a desperate look, so I told her the truth.<br/>
Lady Ringrande is like an idol in Oyugock Dukedom, she's probably a fan of her too.<br/>
<br/>
And then--.<br/>
<br/>
The small airship equipped with the latest cruising engine devised by Prof. Jahad only took half the time needed for a conventional airship to reach the duchy capital.<br/>
<br/>
I ended up having to watch endless quarrels or rather, teasing, between sisters, in the whole duration of the flight though, it was a bit troublesome.<br/>
<br/>
That ascetic journey finally came to an end and the airship arrived at the duchy capital to meet a grand reception sponsored by Sera's and Lady Ringrande's father, who is also the next duke.<br/>
The personnels were a bit lacking since the duke and the two glutton nobles weren't present, but I got to meet Earl Wolgock who took care of us when we first arrived at the duchy capital back then for the first time in a long while.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<TLN: If you're reading this novel at any other site than Sousetsuka .com you might be reading an unedited, uncorrected version of the novel.><br/>
<br/>
"It has been awhile Satou-san."<br/>
"Nice to meet you again, Head Miko--No, Miko Lily."<br/>
<br/>
Sera and I met with the former head-miko, now a miko apprentice little girl, Lily in Tenion Temple's parlor.<br/>
After telling each other how we were doing and the matter about demon lord slayer, I got into the point.<br/>
<br/>
"--Meeting with Gods?"<br/>
"Yes, I'd like to know what the gods want from humans."<br/>
<br/>
Lily and Sera matched eyes.<br/>
<br/>
"Haven't you heard about Sera asking the same question to God Tenion during an oracle?"<br/>
"Yes, I have."<br/>
<br/>
It was during the divine punishment back then.<br/>
<br/>
That oracle was--.<br/>
<br/>
『Gods wish for pious prayers from people and gratitudes for their joyous life.』<br/>
<br/>
--like that.<br/>
<br/>
But was that really all there is to it?<br/>
<br/>
"Do you not believe it?"<br/>
"I believe in Lily-sama and Sera-san, but it's hard to believe that's what the gods want."<br/>
<br/>
Lily and Sera looked troubled to hear my reply.<br/>
<br/>
"I feel it in my journey and the Weasel Empire, unreasonableness that could be said verging on god's irrationality, I think it's in contrast to wanting prayers and gratitudes."<br/>
<br/>
Even if I were to yield 100 steps and regard what was said earlier to be God Tenion's true intention, there is still a risk of an even bigger tragedy happening as long as I don't know what the [Gods] want.<br/>
<br/>
"Therefore, you're thinking of meeting them?"<br/>
"Yes."<br/>
<br/>
I gave my affirmation to Lily.<br/>
<br/>
"Since that's what you wish for, I'd love to have it granted it, but--"<br/>
<br/>
According to Lily, miko's oracle is very complex as it's like piles of images, words and meaning cobbled together, only the thing that a miko can decipher can be conveyed.<br/>
<br/>
"If you want to talk with a god yourself, then there is no choice but to use 『Invoke Deity』 to let a god advent into my body."<br/>
"No, the compensation for that magic is much too big."<br/>
"If it's for you and this world's sake, I don't mind giving up this soul of mine you know?"<br/>
<br/>
I shake my head to answer Lily.<br/>
<br/>
"Is there no other way?"<br/>
"Right..."<br/>
<br/>
Lily contemplates with her hand on her cheek.<br/>
<br/>
"Maybe with the method the ancient king used to have a dialog with a God--"<br/>
<br/>
I was led by Lily to a room where the banned books of Tenion Tempel were stored.<br/>
<br/>
"Here it is--looks like it's quite a difficult ceremony."<br/>
<br/>
Lily muttered while looking over a banned book.<br/>
<br/>
"Looks like we need some very special articles, although they're fundamentally the same with the ones for oracle ceremony."<br/>
"What kind of articles are they?"<br/>
"World Tree Sap, World Tree Leaf, and Philosopher's Stone--they might be everywhere during the era of ancient king, but every one of them isn't something you can get hold of easily."<br/>
<br/>
Lily looks up at me with a profound look on her face.<br/>
<br/>
"I have those with me here."<br/>
"Ufufu, you really are amazing."<br/>
<br/>
Lily took the material while smiling broadly.<br/>
She turns her gaze to Sera while putting them on a table.<br/>
<br/>
"The ceremony needs Prayer magic you see. If Sera can recite it, can I leave it to you?"<br/>
"I have never tried using the magic, but I believe I can do it."<br/>
"If you aren't sure, I don't mind using it myself, but--"<br/>
<br/>
Lily whispered something to Sera with a mischievous look on her face.<br/>
I turned off the Attentive Ears skill since that seemed to be a secret.<br/>
<br/>
"M-Me and Satou-san, doing such a thing!"<br/>
"Sera, he'll hear you if you're too loud you know?"<br/>
"Eh? U-umm, err--"<br/>
<br/>
Sera who was teased by Lily stuttered while turning red.<br/>
It's rare to see that expression on her, she looks quite cute.<br/>
<br/>
The two had a private talk for a while and then Lily said, "I'd like three day time to let Sera learn the ceremony", so I readily gave my consent.<br/>
Not like there's any impending crisis looming anyway, no problem with it.<br/>
<br/>
"Do I not need to do anything?"<br/>
"Yes well, I think you'd only need to wear ceremonial clothes and take a bath in a purification ceremony with cold water in the morning of the ceremony day?"<br/>
<br/>
Thus, I'm gonna spend the three day time until the appointed day by visiting my acquaintances.<br/>
Kuro and Nanashi aside, I haven't visited the duchy capital as Satou a lot after all.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"--Satou, where's Sera?"<br/>
"She's investigating something in Tenion Temple."<br/>
"Oh really..."<br/>
<br/>
I got caught by a bored looking Lady Ringrande when I returned to the duke's castle.<br/>
She's wearing a light knight outfit today.<br/>
<br/>
"Then you'll be going on a date with me. Let's go have some fun in duchy capital!"<br/>
<br/>
Not sure how it came to this, but apparently I'll have to accompany Lady Ringrande killing time.<br/>
We're both wearing recognition inhibition items since it'll be bad if either of our identities get known.<br/>
<br/>
"Look look! There's Pendragon Bun and Pendragon Kitchen Knife!"<br/>
<br/>
Lady Ringrande was in high spirits while pointing at the items on stalls.<br/>
She probably finds it interesting to see me getting embarrassed.<br/>
<br/>
"If you're going there, aren't they selling Ringrande Dolls and Portraits too."<br/>
<br/>
Or rather, there's a lot more of those.<br/>
<br/>
Dolls aside, I wonder if it's alright for them to sell portraits of a duke's daughter as a commodity, but since they're selling it openly, duke Oyugock himself has probably given them his permission.<br/>
<br/>
"They've been selling those since ages ago, so it's fine! Forget about that, I wonder what they're selling over there!"<br/>
<br/>
Even though she brought the subject herself, she tried to get it off the moment it involved her, then she brought me to a stall afar.<br/>
<br/>
"They smell kinda weird don't they?"<br/>
"Well they're pickles."<br/>
<br/>
Lady Ringrande sniffed at a place where pickled jars were lined up.<br/>
Pickles that come out in a noble dining table have been preprocessed so they won't smell, that's probably why she finds this weird.<br/>
<br/>
"Aunty, you forgot something."<br/>
"Oh my? Are you running an errand today?"<br/>
"Un, Futsuna asked me. I'm starving here. Gimme some Kuhanou pickle pleasee."<br/>
<br/>
I passed by a girl I met before.<br/>
<br/>
"--Huh?"<br/>
"What's wrong?"<br/>
"Uuun, it's nothing. He just looks like someone I know."<br/>
<br/>
The girl whose eyes met mine raised her eyebrows as if she was recalling something even though I had the inhibition recognition item on, but she immediately yielded to her appetite and began sampling the pickles.<br/>
<br/>
Urged by Lady Ringrande, I followed along the road and arrived at the port.<br/>
<br/>
I can see the port branch of Echigoya firm slightly afar.<br/>
Sealkin children who have just entered into apprenticeship are working here and there near the entrance.<br/>
<br/>
"Un, the port really is nice."<br/>
<br/>
Lady Ringrande stretches herself on top of the great river while basking on the wind.<br/>
Her pulled tight clothes look quite attractive.<br/>
<br/>
"--Ah."<br/>
<br/>
A gust of wind blew her veil--and ran off with the recognition inhibition item.<br/>
<br/>
"Ringrande-sama?"<br/>
"I see Ringrande-sama over there!"<br/>
<br/>
As expected of a local celebrity.<br/>
<br/>
Even though I immediately gave her back her veil, her identity still got widely circulated in an instant.<br/>
People calling [Ringrande] broke out in no time.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou, let's get back to duchy castle separately."<br/>
<br/>
After saying that, Lady Ringrande used the assistance of wind magic to leap onto a roof.<br/>
A crowd was also coming for me, but I managed to slip out using short-distance [Ground Shrink].<br/>
<br/>
Let's go see the sealkin children while I'm at it.<br/>
<br/>
"How is it going?"<br/>
"Masitaa"<br/>
"Where's Nana?"<br/>
<br/>
I told them that I would bring Nana here next time and gave the two some candy.<br/>
While I was listening to their present situation, other young apprentices from the branch office had gathered, so I presented them with candy while telling them to, "Get along well with these kids okay."<br/>
<br/>
They seem to be doing well already from what they told me though.<br/>
<br/>
And when I got back to the duchy castle, I ended up having to instruct the duchy knights in swords together with Lady Ringrande.<br/>
The swordsmanship lesson was going relatively peaceful until--<br/>
<br/>
"Which one is stronger between Demon Lord Slayer-dono and Ringrande-sama?"<br/>
<br/>
The place became tense with those few words from an apprentice knight.<br/>
<br/>
"Of course Ringrande-sama is stronger."<br/>
"Ara, I wonder about that?"<br/>
<br/>
Lady Ringrande threw a doubt back at my words.<br/>
<br/>
"Didn't you beat Heim-dono the other day? You might be already stronger than me now."<br/>
<br/>
Lady Ringrande licked her lips while smiling like a carnivore who found her prey.<br/>
How do I say this, she really looks carnivorous.<br/>
<br/>
"Let's test it out. You're not going to say not are you?"<br/>
"Guess I've got no choice."<br/>
<br/>
Lady Ringrande stopped me when I was going to take a training wooden sword.<br/>
<br/>
"Wait, let's fight with real swords."<br/>
"That's dangerous."<br/>
"It's fine, we have a high priest here, and there's always mid-grade potions ready."<br/>
<br/>
--H-Hold it right there!<br/>
<br/>
You already assumed that someone would get hurt?!<br/>
<br/>
She seems to read my unrest, Lady Ringrande has the same expression like when she's teasing Sera.<br/>
<br/>
"Ufufu, if you can win against me, I'll do just as grandfather-sama said and become Satou's wife.<br/>
<br/>
--Don't wanna.<br/>
<br/>
As I dropped my shoulders in my mind, the surrounding duchy knights and merchants were surprised to hear Lady Ringrande's controversial statement and clamored enough to hurt one's ears.<br/>
Some asked whether she was telling the truth, but Lady Ringrande only smiled and didn't answer back.<br/>
<br/>
"Here I go!"<br/>
<br/>
With the fairy sword, I blocked Lady Ringrande who threw a stab while using Flickering Movement.<br/>
My ears that are on guard for her kick hear a chant.<br/>
<br/>
"■■ Quick Burst"<br/>
<br/>
--Seriously?<br/>
<br/>
I strike and crush the lesser explosion magic with my palm to avoid a direct hit.<br/>
<br/>
Lady Ringrande's curled up her lips in the corner of my view.<br/>
<br/>
Her bare left hand clad in red light approaches.<br/>
<br/>
--Magic Edge.<br/>
<br/>
I strengthen my pivotal leg and jumps up from an unnatural stance.<br/>
<br/>
Lady Ringrande rotated her body as if dancing as her magic sword sprung up like a bird of prey.<br/>
I intercept her sword with my fairy sword clad in Magic Edge.<br/>
<br/>
Metallic sounds resounded along with scattering red light.<br/>
<br/>
"■■ Quick Burst"<br/>
<br/>
We're too close.<br/>
<br/>
At this rate, Lady Ringrande will be engulfed in the explosion magic.<br/>
<br/>
I let go of the fairy sword, catch Lady Ringrande's wrist and slip myself into the explosion magic.<br/>
<br/>
An explosive sound.<br/>
And an impact on my back.<br/>
<br/>
I had no injury since I put on Magic Armor on my back right before the impact hit, but the blast threw me and Lady Ringrande onto the training ground.<br/>
<br/>
"You're really reckless."<br/>
"That's my line."<br/>
<br/>
Lady Ringrande whispered under my arm.<br/>
There's a dagger clad in red light in her hand, thrust before my neck.<br/>
<br/>
My bride candidate will increase if I win this, so this is just right.<br/>
<br/>
"I give up."<br/>
<br/>
When I declared so like getting a windfall, Lady Ringrande pinched my cheeks.<br/>
<br/>
"That didn't feel like my win somehow. Wanna have another go?"<br/>
<br/>
I shook my head to Lady Ringrande's suggestion, afterward, any duchy knights who wanted to have a match with me or Lady Ringrande got their wish.<br/>
The muscle brain knights who kept coming to me even after I beat them one after another was quite troublesome.<br/>
<br/>
But well, the drinking bout afterward was quite fun though.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
※ Next update is scheduled for 8/13.<br/>
<br/>
※ Sera's conversation with God Tenion is in [15-33. Golden Knights' Deployment (1)].<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
