<br/>
<br/>
17-23. Imaginary Fears (3)<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou here. I believe the original meaning of clowns are those who bring amusement to people. Wonder when did the meaning shift to being the Fools or those who should be jeered?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
『GUOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO』<br/>
<br/>
Zaikuon is rampaging around as the black sludge wraps him.<br/>
It seems to be quite elastic, the membrane won't break apart.<br/>
<br/>
Eventually God Zaikuon is submerged inside the black sludge.<br/>
<br/>
『Idiot.』<br/>
『What a pitiful master that thing is.』<br/>
『Think he died?』<br/>
<br/>
The nymphs are floating and circling above the black sludge.<br/>
<br/>
The black sludge began to bubble up from the inside.<br/>
Just as the curious nymphs came closer to it, the black sludge violently burst open.<br/>
<br/>
The nymphs ran off in a hurry.<br/>
<br/>
The surrounding area would get contaminated at this rate, thus I took the fallen golden chalice and used it to catch all the falling black sludge. Then I enclosed the chalice in a strong barrier and put it away in an unused Sub-space.<br/>
<br/>
『GUHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA』<br/>
<br/>
God Zaikuon stood on the spot where the black sludge was.<br/>
<br/>
Seems like he's undergone a slight image change, his face and naked upper body are furnished with black tattoo now.<br/>
The yellow light emitting from God Zaikuon has lost its sublimeness, looking muddy instead. The outer brim of yellow light has turned black in particular.<br/>
<br/>
Dark red lights dwell in his eyes.<br/>
The same as nymphs who have been corrupted by the black sludge.<br/>
<br/>
『So this is the forbidden power...』<br/>
<br/>
God Zaikuon muttered while coughing violently.<br/>
<br/>
『...This sense of omnipotence is not bad at all.』<br/>
<br/>
I can't tell how much stronger he's become just by looking, but the nymphs who were ganging up on god Zaikuon began shuddering violently when he glared at them.<br/>
<br/>
『『『O our lord』』』<br/>
『『『Our loyalties lie only to you』』』<br/>
<br/>
Looks like the nymphs fully intend to get back under god Zaikuon's command.<br/>
<br/>
Their master seems to have another thing in mind though--.<br/>
<br/>
『GINYAAAAAAAAAAAA』<br/>
<br/>
God Zaikuon's arm stretched out, then grabbed and crushed one of the nymphs.<br/>
<br/>
『Lord-sama, lost his mind~』<br/>
『We're gonna get killeeeeeed』<br/>
<br/>
The nymphs who scampered everywhere got chased by god Zaikuon at speed far above his speed earlier, he finished hunting all the nymphs in a blink of an eye.<br/>
<br/>
"--His aura changed?"<br/>
<br/>
God Zaikuon's yellow light got darker and darker every time he hunted one of the nymphs.<br/>
He's also undoubtedly getting stronger each time, but rather than strength-wise it looks more like he's getting more corrupted.<br/>
The black sludges that corrupted the nymphs must have been transferred to god Zaikuon.<br/>
<br/>
『You're next.』<br/>
<br/>
God Zaikuon unleashed an attack toward me.<br/>
<br/>
Distance matters not as he got right in front of me in an instant.<br/>
I blocked his attack with Mana Armor I immediately deployed.<br/>
<br/>
--His attacks are fast and most importantly, heavy.<br/>
<br/>
I see my Mana Armor which blocked the attack getting encroached with the same tattoo as God Zaikuon's.<br/>
I moved away with Unit Arrangement and discarded the Mana Armor.<br/>
<br/>
『Fool!』<br/>
<br/>
God Zaikuon waited for the timing I removed my Mana Armor to strike.<br/>
I made it in time to deploy another one, but it failed to cancel the strike inertia, I got blown halfway through the mountain, creating a huge crater. That kinda hurt.<br/>
<br/>
『ZAI, ZAI, ZAI, ZAYIIIIIIIIII』<br/>
<br/>
Is that a cheering?<br/>
<br/>
Saturated magic attacks shot by God Zaikuon poured down on me.<br/>
Each and every one of these magic feels as destructive as advanced and forbidden level magic.<br/>
<br/>
The attacks gouged the mountain, transforming the terrain.<br/>
<br/>
『KUHA, KUHA, KUHAHAHAHAHAHA』<br/>
<br/>
God Zaikuon laughed loudly while floating in the air.<br/>
<br/>
Sorry for him, but I've gotten away by Unit Arrangement since the first crash and is currently hiding with Mana Camouflage.<br/>
<br/>
『--He got away huh.』<br/>
<br/>
Whoops, he noticed that I had escaped.<br/>
<br/>
『Very well then, I shall destroy his country to smoke him out.』<br/>
<br/>
An unthinkable remark coming from a god.<br/>
<br/>
Since it looked like he would do it for real, I canceled my Mana Camouflage and showed myself before him.<br/>
<br/>
『Hmph, out you are.』<br/>
『Weren't you saying you wouldn't indiscriminately kill people?』<br/>
<br/>
I forgot to use polite speech, eh whatever.<br/>
I don't feel like keeping up appearances any longer anyway.<br/>
<br/>
『Now that I have this mighty power in my grasp, slightly fewer places to collect Divinity pose no problem. These humans will multiply on their own left to their own device anyway.』<br/>
<br/>
Yup, that's a line from someone who's obtained a power beyond their capacity.<br/>
<br/>
『...I see. That's it. Humans multiply. Then there is no need to hold back. They may not be as enriching as nymphs, but country-wide amount of lives should serve as a nourishment to strengthen me.』<br/>
『What are you saying?』<br/>
<br/>
God Zaikuon started spouting out some dangerous-sounding words as if he was delirious.<br/>
<br/>
『I shall destroy outside invaders when I get stronger. No need for deceptions nor trickeries. For I am fit to be the Gods' Top Seat. If I just get stronger.... stronger, even stronger, and for that sake the world must--<<PERISH>>』<br/>
<br/>
God Zaikuon's aura changed to jet black.<br/>
<br/>
Both the Scripture and jet black aura look familiar to the Divine Sword I have.<br/>
The land around God Zaikuon is rapidly turning into desert.<br/>
<br/>
Now then, this doesn't seem like a situation where I can just leisurely observe.<br/>
Might be about time to finish this up.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<TLN: If you're reading this novel at any other site than Sousetsuka .com you might be reading an unedited, uncorrected version of the novel.><br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
『I shall now reap lives infesting this land. --Starting from you.』<br/>
<br/>
God Zaikuon's dark red eyes glared at me. Similar to the nymphs.<br/>
Let's wake him up for a bit.<br/>
<br/>
Shock treatment is best for these times.<br/>
<br/>
『<<Lesser Mythology Down>>』<br/>
『GUOOOOOOOO』<br/>
<br/>
I tried to shoot a weakened lesser variation of Mythology Down exclusive for demon lords, at god Zaikuon.<br/>
It may look flashy, but since the multi-dimensional permeations effect needed to defeat gods has been weakened, it's not as effective against Immortal beings.<br/>
<br/>
He's twitching on top of the crater, but still clinging to life.<br/>
<br/>
The jet black aura that had overrun god Zaikuon was blown away, his body regained back its dim yellow coloring.<br/>
Only temporarily though, as the jet black aura quickly covered god Zaikuon back.<br/>
<br/>
『T-that's a blasphemy, to me, the strongest supreme god.』<br/>
『Yeah yeah.』<br/>
<br/>
Looks like I don't need to worry about god Zaikuon dying with the lesser version even if I don't hold back.<br/>
I just keep shooting out [Lesser Mythology Down] at the right time while randomly replying him back.<br/>
<br/>
『I am』<br/>
<br/>
God Zaikuon sunk deep on the ground as he was about to stand up.<br/>
<br/>
It seems like there's a period of time where he moves more sluggishly after getting hit by lesser Mythology Down.<br/>
My aim is amusingly accurate because of that though it's also partly thanks to the practically zero time lag before the spell is invoked.<br/>
<br/>
『The strongest』<br/>
<br/>
Apparently he's the strongest, guess I'll increase the output a bit more.<br/>
<br/>
『Invincible』<br/>
<br/>
Increasing the shooting pace should be fine since he's invincible and all, right?<br/>
I've used up all my mana after several shots, so I resumes the work while recharging from Mana Batteries.<br/>
<br/>
Man he's pretty tough.<br/>
<br/>
Truly what you'd expect out of a god.<br/>
To think he hasn't lost his fighting spirit after getting hit this much. Since it's starting to get tiring, I kind of feel like whatever and just shoot the normal Mythology Down.<br/>
I guess he'd really die from that one though?<br/>
<br/>
His jet black aura has gotten considerably worn down, should be okay.<br/>
<br/>
If that still doesn't work, then the only thing I can do left is the Anti-God Sealing Magic that Corpse taught me, but using that won't differ much from killing him if we consider his role of maintaining the barrier against outer space invaders.<br/>
Since I don't really enjoy killing, I'll pick the sealing card only after using up all other cards.<br/>
<br/>
『...I, am... Su, pre, me...』<br/>
<br/>
Whoa, he still got some spunk left in him.<br/>
Let's try repeating the same attack set I used earlier.<br/>
<br/>
God Zaikuon was trying to say something, but then he stopped by the end of the second set.<br/>
I observed him for a while before his finger twitched.<br/>
<br/>
『...This is...Unforgivable...Land...Perish...』<br/>
<br/>
Forget breaking his mind, it's fueling his vengeful spirit instead.<br/>
<br/>
I've got no choice.<br/>
<br/>
I'll make him taste a sense of crisis with the non-lesser version of [Mythology Down].<br/>
I'll weaken the power as much as possible so it won't kill him by mistake--.<br/>
<br/>
『IMMAKILLYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA』<br/>
<br/>
The worn-out god Zaikuon charged at me like a beast. <br/>
<br/>
--Mythology Down.<br/>
<br/>
Incomparable to the fake one earlier, painfully blinding lights and soul-shaking vibrations infringed upon the land and sky far and wide.<br/>
The terrain gets greatly gouged out, blown earth and sand are forming into bulky clouds.<br/>
Dark clouds swirled into whirlpools, the fierce wind blew away the rubble on the ground.<br/>
<br/>
"Guess I overdid it a little?"<br/>
<br/>
The collateral damage may be far less than Meteor Shower, but this destructive power exceeds that of ordinary forbidden magic.<br/>
<br/>
--Seriously?<br/>
<br/>
At the bottom of the gouged earth, there lies God Zaikuon.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"--Vermilion barrier?"<br/>
<br/>
A barrier made of vermilion light protected god Zaikuon.<br/>
It seems to have hit its limit with that one shot, cracks is spreading on the surface of the barrier as I speak.<br/>
<br/>
『Wait.』<br/>
『Indeed, you must wait. Karion said so.』<br/>
『Urion, do your job too. Even Godly Barrier cannot defend the next one.』<br/>
『Now that's shocking.』<br/>
<br/>
A girl clad in indigo blue lights, and a petite girl clad in vermilion lights showed up.<br/>
Judging from their conversation, they must be god Urion and god Karion.<br/>
<br/>
The lights are too intense, only their silhouettes are visible.<br/>
<br/>
『Getting beat around by a human even after harnessing the forbidden power...』<br/>
『Good grief, truly a disgrace to us gods.』<br/>
<br/>
Humanoid in the shape of big men clad in orange lights and green lights also showed up.<br/>
These two must be god Heraruon and god Garleon.<br/>
<br/>
『I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.』<br/>
<br/>
Then a female silhouette clad in emerald green lights manifested. <br/>
This one must be god Tenion.<br/>
<br/>
『Karion, Urion, you two imprison Zaikuon inside Godly Cage. Can I count on Heraruon and Garleon to purify him?』<br/>
<br/>
After confirming the gods' consents, god Tenion turned toward me.<br/>
<br/>
『I'm sorry. Allow me to apologize in Heraruon's place.』<br/>
<br/>
No point in apologizing to me.<br/>
<br/>
『Please direct your apologies to Boruean Forest's Sacred Tree, Aialize-sama.』<br/>
『Yes, of course I will.』<br/>
<br/>
Then I guess, I can accept her apologies.<br/>
<br/>
『Next time, just break the Godly Barrier and beat him to pulp. Karion said so.』<br/>
『I did not. But Zaikuon should be made to know his place once.』<br/>
<br/>
God Urion and god Karion said some violent remarks.<br/>
Since even the gentle god Tenion isn't saying anything, I guess I've been given the OK to beat god Zaikuon down with [Mythology Down] the next time he's misbehaving again.<br/>
<br/>
『But, please don't be mistaken. For there is a true enemy.』<br/>
『--True enemy?』<br/>
<br/>
I know whom she's trying to imply, but does this enemy refer to mine or them, gods'?<br/>
<br/>
『You probably won't believe it if that name is spoken by our mouth. As such, let's have you heard it from someone you trust.』<br/>
<br/>
God Tenion reached her hand toward to the sky, then I could feel the presence of some sort of barrier creaking.<br/>
<br/>
『It's a barrier Zaikuon put outside the world in order to avert our gazes.』<br/>
<br/>
As she swung down her arm, I could sense the creaking barrier breaking to pieces.<br/>
I've slipped out of the world many times before, but it might be a good idea not to underestimate these gods if they're able to put up barriers in that unstable place.<br/>
<br/>
『Come, it should be here any second now.』<br/>
<br/>
Arisa's voice reached my ears right as god Tenion said that. It's Familiar Link.<br/>
Apparently, the barrier god Zaikuon set up had barred Familiar Link from connecting.<br/>
<br/>
『Master, it's terrible! Demon God in the sky!』<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
※Next update is planned for 7/14<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
