<br/>
<br/>
17-26. Real Identity of Demon God<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou here. There's this saying [the ghost's real nature was but withered silver grass], but isn't that fear of the unknown? Which applies now and then. No matter how difficult a problem is, I believe you can strive toward the solution so long as you understand it.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
""AAH! I KNEW IT!""<br/>
<br/>
Arisa and Hikaru spoke in unison when they saw Demon God's face under the mask.<br/>
But their following words didn't match with each others'.<br/>
<br/>
"It's the face in the painting we saw at the Shadow Castle!"<br/>
"That face looks exactly like Ichirou-nii's when he was working at the company!"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa is right, he's the very picture of the person in the painting found in the throne room of Rumooku Kingdom's Shadow Castle.<br/>
He doesn't look as identical as me like Hikaru said. I might have turned out like that if the me before I came to another world grew out my beard and aged up a bit.<br/>
<br/>
--Even though I've had my suspicions already, seeing it in person still comes as quite a shock.<br/>
<br/>
『Do you get it now, another me.』<br/>
<br/>
Demon God spoke in Japanese on purpose.<br/>
<br/>
I had a hunch about this already when I saw the painting at the Shadow Castle, but it really does appear that I'm not the only Suzuki Ichirou who has come to this foreign world.<br/>
<br/>
『I shall present one last chance to you who was not chosen by princess.』<br/>
<br/>
--Chance?<br/>
<br/>
I think the majority of people who speak of 'chances' while looking down on their conversation partner have nothing good to say.<br/>
<br/>
...Rather, whom does he refer to by princess?<br/>
<br/>
The mysterious little girl and God Parion who was attached to Demon God in the Realm of Gods crossed my mind.<br/>
Dragon God Akon Kagura is also one possibility, but the image I have on her in my mind is more like a queen or an empress than a princess so I'm excluding her.<br/>
<br/>
『Princess once said, [You can't become a perfect god with just collecting divinity]. [Gathering multiple souls to expand your vessel is the shortcut toward the path of True Godhood].』<br/>
<br/>
--Could it be.<br/>
<br/>
I realized that my body wouldn't move when I was about to make a slight movement.<br/>
Looks like the reason why Arisa and Hikaru behind me didn't throw a quip at Demon God is because they've been bound like me.<br/>
<br/>
My Log displayed me failing to resist [True Ninjutsu: Binding Divine Shadow].<br/>
<br/>
When the heck did this guy use this jutsu.<br/>
Well whatever. The Log showed me acquiring [True Ninjutsu] and [Resistance: True Ninjutsu] right after that entry, so I alloted maximum points to both and activated them.<br/>
Considering I can't use force magic [Break Magic], this Binding Divine Shadow apparently not only binds your body but also magic casting.<br/>
<br/>
『I shall become a perfect body by taking you in.』<br/>
<br/>
I want to tell him, dude, this isn't some Showa era game or manga, that old-fashioned plot point has come out of style nowadays.<br/>
<br/>
Demon God points his palm toward me.<br/>
<br/>
I still can't move even after acquiring the resistance, wonder if it's because Demon God is higher leveled than me...<br/>
<br/>
This is bad.<br/>
<br/>
『The time is now--』<br/>
<br/>
Dark purple lights gathered in his palm and wriggled suspiciously.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<TLN: If you're reading this novel at any other site than Sousetsuka .com you might be reading an unedited, uncorrected version of the novel.><br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
『What--』<br/>
<br/>
Demon God disappeared from my view.<br/>
<br/>
The moment he flashed, I evacuated the place along with Arisa and the girls with Unit Arrangement.<br/>
I've brought us to the center of the Great Desert to minimize collateral damage.<br/>
<br/>
I know the cliche here is to take control from within after getting absorbed, but I won't be taking chance here. <br/>
<br/>
『How did you break free from God Restraints!』<br/>
<br/>
Demon God chased after us with teleportation.<br/>
Looks like he had absolute confidence in True Ninjutsu.<br/>
<br/>
『I'm always come prepared with delayed-activation escape magic you see.』<br/>
<br/>
I said some random made-up excuses with the help of Deception skill.<br/>
<br/>
『Then I shall erase all means of escape!』<br/>
<br/>
The surrounding area got dyed in dark purple, palm-shaped dark purple lights are rushing toward us from all directions.<br/>
From what I sense, he's also simultaneously deployed a space magic barrier to prevent escape.<br/>
<br/>
--Don't move.<br/>
<br/>
Voice howling voice reached me.<br/>
<br/>
The pouring rain of palm-shaped lights got blocked by dazzling vermilion lights before it could reach me.<br/>
<br/>
I've seen this before.<br/>
<br/>
『Was that, Karion!』<br/>
<br/>
Demon God shouted in Age of Gods' language.<br/>
<br/>
『--Correct.』<br/>
<br/>
The space in front of me distorted, then a vermilion light with a girl-shaped contour--God Karion showed up.<br/>
That was really God Karion's [Godly Shields] that protected us then.<br/>
<br/>
『Karion isn't the only one who's here. Tenion said so too.』<br/>
<br/>
Indigo light girl--God Urion and emerald green young lady--God Tenion followed after God Karion, manifesting up.<br/>
<br/>
『We're just in time it seems.』<br/>
<br/>
With a swing of her arm, God Tenion undid the [Binding Divine Shadow] that had restrained us.<br/>
<br/>
『This is our first time meeting outside I believe?』<br/>
<br/>
God Tenion looks at Demon God.<br/>
<br/>
『Resemblance in external patterns confirmed.』<br/>
『Point indefinite. Karion should stop fussing over nonsensical matters.』<br/>
『It's not nonsensical. Urion is just narrow minded.』<br/>
<br/>
God Karion pointed out the resemblance between me and Demon God, but god Urion concluded that it was [Point Indefinite]. Looks like outward appearances mean little to these gods.<br/>
<br/>
『What should we do, Master?』<br/>
<br/>
Arisa talked to me through Familiar Link.<br/>
<br/>
We don't have a lot of options.<br/>
<br/>
・ Become one with Demon God, be a part of a true god.<br/>
<br/>
Out of question. Not even worth considering.<br/>
<br/>
・ Run away to another world using Unit Arrangement, and spend my life there.<br/>
<br/>
I'll put this aside. Moving between worlds should be difficult even for gods, hence there's a high chance this will allow me to escape from Demon God's clutch.<br/>
But that would mean abandoning my life in this world. This choice of making the girls desert their home land will be the last resort.<br/>
<br/>
・ Defeat Demon God. Or maybe seal him away.<br/>
<br/>
I'm putting this one aside as well. I've got few tricks up my sleeve I can use to maybe defeat him, but I'll also be exposing myself to the danger of being absorbed by Demon God in the process.<br/>
<br/>
・ Observe from the sidelines as the gods suppress Demon God. And maybe lend them a hand.<br/>
<br/>
It's an attractive proposition, but I'll put this one aside too. These gods are more powerful than I expected, but there's an extremely high chance of Demon God outwitting them.<br/>
<br/>
・ Have a heart to heart talk with Demon God and reconcile.<br/>
<br/>
I'd like this one if possible.<br/>
But since Demon God's true objective is to absorb me and become a [True God], reconciliation doesn't seem possible.<br/>
But if he has a goal to accomplish by being a [True God], I'm willing to make a compromise depending on that goal.<br/>
<br/>
My brain processed all that in one second, then I focused back on Demon God and the three goddesses.<br/>
God Tenion is having a conversation with demon god.<br/>
<br/>
『I didn't think you'd show up this soon.』<br/>
『My dear miko informed me of this. Demon God is here, she said.』<br/>
<br/>
God Tenion glanced at Sera for an instant.<br/>
<br/>
『Hmph, peeking and tapping in your believers huh. Your bad taste never changes.』<br/>
<br/>
Sera herself is moved to tears to see God Tenion in person.<br/>
Sera probably never had the intention to inform her. She was probably praying to god out of habit after seeing Demon God before her eyes.<br/>
<br/>
『My, you don't speak like your usual self in God's Realm. I suppose this is how you truly are like then?』<br/>
<br/>
Now that she mentioned it, he was talking like a jester in the Realm of Gods.<br/>
<br/>
『Hmph, it's so much easier to manipulate a bunch if you flatter their conceited ass.』<br/>
<br/>
Demon God sneered without even trying to hide it.<br/>
<br/>
『Tenion, you should exercise heightened cautions. Demon God has abandoned his masquerading acts, so said Karion.』<br/>
『I didn't. But I agree with Urion.』<br/>
<br/>
God Urion's indigo lights reinforced God Karion's Godly Shields.<br/>
<br/>
『It's all right, Urion. I'm sure even Demon God is aware of the gap in divinity between us.』<br/>
<br/>
God Tenion stares at Demon God.<br/>
<br/>
『Hmph. With my divinity split to my Divine Split Spirit, going up against three gods will be a hassle.』<br/>
<br/>
Demon God was being surprisingly honest.<br/>
<br/>
『--you think I'd say that!』<br/>
<br/>
A striking aura of vivid purple and jet black emitted out of Demon God.<br/>
<br/>
『I have my contingency plan in place already! My believers all over the world shall deliver me enough divinity to fill this entire body--』<br/>
<br/>
Demon God halted his speech midway.<br/>
<br/>
『--Not. Am I wrong?』<br/>
<br/>
God Tenion calmly spoke.<br/>
<br/>
『This cannot be. Why!!』<br/>
<br/>
Ignoring the shouting Demon God, god Tenion looks at me.<br/>
<br/>
『You've made your move to ensure Demon God did not acquire more believers, haven't you?』<br/>
<br/>
I smile back to answer God Tenion who seemed convinced.<br/>
Apparently undoing the brainwash that afflicted people all over the world has ended up thwarting Demon God's scheme. <br/>
<br/>
『Impossible! You couldn't have made it in time! No even before that you should have run out of mana!』<br/>
<br/>
Demon God was glaring at me in askance for explanations, but since I did not see any point in revealing my tricks, I only shrugged back at him.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
『Milord!』<br/>
<br/>
A purple little girl teleported in as if cutting apart the heavy mood that set in.<br/>
How many of these girls are there anyway?<br/>
<br/>
『We're done securing her!』<br/>
<br/>
I got a bad feeling about this.<br/>
<br/>
I opened the Marker list even before the little girl finished talking.<br/>
<br/>
『Well done. Now let's start over.』<br/>
<br/>
Demon God grinned as he said that.<br/>
<br/>
『Behold! Lesser Goods!』<br/>
<br/>
Demon God called out to me.<br/>
<br/>
"Aze-san!"<br/>
<br/>
A screen projected midair showed Aze-san being enclosed by purple little girls with their scythes thrust before her.<br/>
First God Zaikuon and now these guys, they really love to test my patience don't they.<br/>
<br/>
『Come to the Netherworld with none of the nuisance if you wish to save your beloved.』<br/>
<br/>
『Catch him, Urion!』<br/>
『I know. Tenion you worrywart.』<br/>
<br/>
Indigo lights were about to wrap Demon God like a cocoon, but he vanished before it could.<br/>
<br/>
『...He ran off.』<br/>
『A little blunder. Even gods make mistakes.』<br/>
『Disappointed with Urion. Should be less bragging more actions.』<br/>
<br/>
I push a switch on my thought process while ignoring the gods' conversation.<br/>
<br/>
"--Eh?"<br/>
"Aze-san!"<br/>
<br/>
I tightly hugged Aze-san who appeared right in front of me.<br/>
I gambled on Unit Arrangement which managed to pull her out of the Netherworld.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou."<br/>
<br/>
I could feel Aze-san's warmth as she hugged me back in tears.<br/>
<br/>
『Is that the very same high elf who was made hostage?』<br/>
『Shocking. Karion is also shocked, she said.』<br/>
『In agreement with Urion. I'm shocked. Small it may be, Netherworld is a world Demon God created. Invading a domain without the creator's permission is an extremely difficult task. Dare I say impossible unless there is a huge gap in powers.』<br/>
<br/>
The gods, especially God Karion, were very surprised.<br/>
<br/>
It's Unit Arrangement that's amazing, not me though.<br/>
I can never thank the person who gave me this power enough.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
『--He got away.』<br/>
<br/>
Sun-like heat swooped before an orange light and a green light appeared.<br/>
It's God Heraruon and God Garleon who should be fighting Demon God's Split Spirit.<br/>
<br/>
『And we were just one step away from cornering him. What do you have to say, Garleon!』<br/>
『Are you implying that it was my fault, Heraruon! Why don't you realize your attitude is exactly what enabled his getaway!』<br/>
<br/>
These two gods are the same as ever.<br/>
God Tenion calmed the two down and informed them of the events here.<br/>
<br/>
Once he's done listening, Heraruon gives me an order.<br/>
<br/>
『Go vanquish Demon God.』<br/>
<br/>
Well, that's an absurd demand if I ever heard any.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
※ Next update is planned for 8/11<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
