<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
17-54. Epilogue<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
"Good morning, did you see Mr. Obese anywhere?"<br/>
"Obese-san went out, saying something about getting breakfast."<br/>
"I see, thanks."<br/>
<br/>
There's a lot of employees staying at the office, likely because we're in the final phase of this game's development.<br/>
Labor protection is about to kick off any minute now.<br/>
<br/>
『You're watching Daytime News on March 3, 2013 of New Century.』<br/>
<br/>
I could hear voice of a newscaster from a large monitor in the conference room.<br/>
Looks like folks who had their morning breakfast there are idling in the room.<br/>
<br/>
『Congress have finally approved sending aid to otherworld Eranshas after a month of debate on the matter. With Congress's approval, Hero Office have made the decision to dispatch Demi-God Dog Hero Pochi-sama, who will sortie out from the Seventh Gate today.』<br/>
<br/>
I turned on my PC while listening to the news.<br/>
<br/>
『Irina Muno here reporting at the Seventh Gate. God Karion and god Urion have finished supplying divinity into the gate, it's ready for deployment anytime--ah! Here she comes! Dog Hero Pochi-sama! Pochi-sama! Hear out my feelings!』<br/>
<br/>
I turned around at the highly excited announcer's voice, and saw a dogkin girl leaping up and down while waving at the camera on the monitor.<br/>
<br/>
『Oh look she's waving at us. She looks as cute as ever, not even us reporters could resist her cuteness.』<br/>
<br/>
All cameras on the monitor moved together all at once while she was still talking.<br/>
A bit later, the monitor's angle also changed.<br/>
<br/>
『It's Cat Ninja Tama-sama! Since she's not supposed to dispatch this time, she must be here to cheer for her little sister god, Pochi-sama. Ah, and now they're waving here together after exchanging a hug.』<br/>
<br/>
The announcer girl frantically waved back at them.<br/>
She must be a fan of those two.<br/>
<br/>
The picture went back to the studio after a while.<br/>
<br/>
『Both of them are quite sociable, aren't they.』<br/>
『According to a vetted source, there's even a rumor of them joining up with the hero of Parallel World War, Liza Kishresgalza-sama.』<br/>
『That's amazing. It's like we're reliving the Age of Mythology.』<br/>
<br/>
An elderly female caster and a young male announcer had that conversation.<br/>
<br/>
"You're being too loud. Turn it down a notch."<br/>
"""E-excuse us, Director Tachibana."""<br/>
<br/>
Scolded by the merciless director, the conference room's group went back to their own desks.<br/>
<br/>
"Ichirou-senpai~, I can't get rid of the bugs~"<br/>
"Your junior's calling for you, Sa--Suzuki-shi."<br/>
<br/>
Mr. Obese who apparently had gone back from getting his breakfast pointed at a girl who was calling from me at a distant desk.<br/>
<br/>
"I'll lend you a hand once I'm done with mine, send me the outline on messenger."<br/>
"Un, thank you!"<br/>
"Shoulda just put off ours for a bit."<br/>
<br/>
Mr. Obese swayed his gnome-like barrel belly, perhaps because I put off Junior-shi's matter.<br/>
<br/>
"We can't do that."<br/>
<br/>
It's for an important meeting for our next game after all.<br/>
Mr. Obese gathered the main members before heading for conference room.<br/>
<br/>
"Well then, Mr. Suzuki, you've got the presentation ready for President Kagura, haven't you? What's the title for our new game?"<br/>
<br/>
I show my proposal to Mr. Obese.<br/>
<br/>
"It's 『Death Marching to the Parallel World Rhapsody』."<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
※Thus concludes [Death March Kara Hajimaru Isekai Kyousoukyoku (Web Version)] for the time being.<br/>
<br/>
Note that the published version and manga version are still on-going, and I'm also thinking of irregularly writing [Tidbits], [Later Development], and [Offstages] in that order, which possibly may not be in Satou's point of view for the web version.<br/>
<br/>
Since this is gonna be long, you can read my feelings on the completion at [Death March Concluded!] page <TLN: https://mypage.syosetu.com/mypageblog/view/userid/282802/blogkey/2518247/ ><br/>
<br/>
I'm truly grateful for everyone sticking with this work up until the final chapter!<br/>
To all readers who have read Death March with pleasure, you have my deepest gratitude!!!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
