<br/>
<br/>
17-44. Netherworld Invasion (4)<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou here. People sometime see a rapid growth thanks to any number of reasons. Like coming up with a new perspective, finding a fitting workplace, or encountering an advisor. You can find those chances everywhere you go.<br/>
Not just in daily lives, but even in another world--.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"...T-this is, Netherworld!"<br/>
<br/>
Starting with lady Karina, the girls voiced their shock when they saw Netherworld scenery.<br/>
<br/>
"Quite a template Netherworld, isn't it."<br/>
"Almost made me want to answer that with 'yep gansu'."<br/>
<br/>
As said by Arisa and Hikaru, what lie before our eyes are barren purple colored grounds, soaring thorny mountains, and clouds rising out of erupting volcanoes filling up the skies.<br/>
Dark shadows that appear to be demons are running rampant in the lands and the skies.<br/>
<br/>
I had quickly opened my Map to investigate, however, it displayed [Area without Map] same as the Realm of Gods.<br/>
I also tried to use All Map Exploration magic just in case, but it failed to extract any information probably because there's no Dragon Veins in Netherworld.<br/>
<br/>
Nevertheless, all terrains within my sight and the large spaceship's observation areas get automatically inputted into my Map. Doesn't seem like we'd get lost now.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou-san, look at the sky!"<br/>
"Blue moon nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Looking up where Zena-san and Pochi pointed at, a blue moon--an earth-like blue planet is hanging in the cloudless sky.<br/>
<br/>
"Earth?"<br/>
"That's not it, Arisa-chan. You know what that is, Tina?"<br/>
"Yes, Hikaru-sama. It's the same as the landmass drawing I saw in Banned Archive."<br/>
<br/>
Now that she mentioned it.<br/>
It's true, the shape of the continent in the center is the same as the landmass we live on in human world.<br/>
<br/>
"Think we can get back to our world there?"<br/>
"Nah, it's probably just an image."<br/>
<br/>
Considering the Netherworld Corridors, that's most likely not how human world and Netherworld are connected.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, we have got warnings so I report."<br/>
"It seems the miasma density here is even thicker than in the corridors."<br/>
"Yes, Sera. Estimating anti miasma barrier to last for about 30,000 seconds, so I report."<br/>
<br/>
Nana and Sera reported in.<br/>
30,000 seconds huh, about eight hours I guess?<br/>
<br/>
Well, it's not like we're gonna stay here for long.<br/>
<br/>
"Nyu~?"<br/>
"Satou, ahead."<br/>
<br/>
Tama and Mia pointed forward.<br/>
Mia must have perceived it thanks to her Unique Skill [Sanctuary Guard], yet Tama also did at the same time. Looks like Tama's crisis perception rivals that of a god's Authority.<br/>
<br/>
There's something black floating above a sea of clouds--a huge mass of rock covered in jet black cumulonimbus clouds tore apart the sea of clouds as it made its entrance.<br/>
Or rather than a lump of rock, its size is like that of an island or a continent.<br/>
<br/>
"--Floating island?"<br/>
"Yeah, and it looks similar to one from Lalakie Dynasty."<br/>
<br/>
I affirmed princess Sistina as she murmured.<br/>
<br/>
It's exactly like the floating island of Lalakie caught in my sight during the Divine Punishment.<br/>
Looking closer, there are even somethings that look like Rumooku Kingdom's shadow castles floating close to it.<br/>
<br/>
"It's more like a fortress than an island huh."<br/>
"Yes, Arisa. Clouds-like black dots have been launched, so I report."<br/>
"Emergen~?"<br/>
"Emergency nanodesu! Pochi and co's got to scramble egg nodesuyo!"<br/>
<br/>
The girls sent out a red alert as swarms of demons took off from the floating island.<br/>
Pochi mistook scramble for scrambled egg in her panic.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, our enemies appear to have discovered us. Should we go intercept?"<br/>
<br/>
Liza looked at me to confirm.<br/>
<br/>
Judging from the black dots' movement, they have definitely noticed us. I'd like to know how they managed to see through Sera's [Hermit Hide].<br/>
<br/>
Perhaps--.<br/>
<br/>
I turn around and look at the purple little girl sitting next to Core Two.<br/>
<br/>
"--No, I don't think so."<br/>
<br/>
Noticing my glance, Hikaru negated my guess.<br/>
<br/>
"Miasma Barrier."<br/>
"Yup, that's what I believe as well."<br/>
<br/>
Hikaru nodded positively at Mia's murmur.<br/>
<br/>
"--ah."<br/>
<br/>
Moving around in a dense miasma with a barrier that brushes miasma aside and miasma purifying [Saint Prey] active is like doing a march while ringing a bell.<br/>
<br/>
"Master."<br/>
"I know. But there's sure a lot of them."<br/>
<br/>
Liza asked for my permission once again, but we're greatly outnumbered.<br/>
<br/>
During the conversation, I've been controlling Menu, opening magic list, picking a certain magic and designating targets and range displayed on my Map.<br/>
I know a spell that works best in times like this.<br/>
<br/>
I don't think one shot would be enough, thus I use up about 30% of all mana batteries I have in Storage to repeatedly cast the spell in a rapid succession.<br/>
<br/>
"Okay then, how about we get on board support fighters to help as well!"<br/>
"I too shall deploy in a small spacecraft along with Raka-san desuwa."<br/>
<br/>
Zena and lady Karina announced.<br/>
<br/>
This large spaceship has two small spaceships that also act as lifeboats, one docked on each sides. There's only six manned fighters, and even fewer people who can pilot one.<br/>
<br/>
"Both of those are equipped with Miasma Barriers. It might not hold up as long as this main ship, but it should be enough to last for a few minutes."<br/>
<br/>
Princess Sistina added.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, 600 seconds until we come into contact so I report."<br/>
"We've got no time to argue over this. First of all, we should reduce their numbers."<br/>
<br/>
Fortunately, I don't have to worry about collateral damage here.<br/>
<br/>
"Gotcha! I'll claim the first strike with 『Over Boost』 and advanced level magic--"<br/>
"No, there's no need for that."<br/>
"--No need?"<br/>
<br/>
At the confused-looking Arisa, I pointed my finger at the sky.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<TLN: Catch the latest updates and edits at Sousetsuka .com ><br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"WHAT THE HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEECK!"<br/>
<br/>
Stars are falling.<br/>
<br/>
Rain of stars are falling down from beyond the sky with a blue moon as a backdrop.<br/>
<br/>
Arisa's scream acting as a BGM, sky-packed rain of meteorites pierced through the cloud-like incoming demons, demolishing the gigantic floating island and castles, brushing aside the dull clouds below without slowing down before gouging out the purple lands below.<br/>
Tens, hundreds of thousands of demons are rapidly getting felled from being stricken by giant meteorites.<br/>
<br/>
It's truly a Map annihilation attack.<br/>
<br/>
The log is scrolling crazy fast in the corner of my vision.<br/>
<br/>
"...Star Falls."<br/>
<br/>
Zena-san mustered the word.<br/>
<br/>
"This is the forbidden spell used to defeat 『Dog-head Demon Lord』..."<br/>
"What an amazing magic desuwa."<br/>
"No, this is more like--a work of god..."<br/>
<br/>
Princess Sistina, lady Karina and Sera gave their impressions as well.<br/>
<br/>
"I've heard about it already, but seeing it in person is really something else."<br/>
"Yes, that's our master for you."<br/>
"Master is the strongest nanodesuyo!"<br/>
<br/>
Hikaru spoke, followed by Liza and Pochi's proud agreement.<br/>
<br/>
"Nyu!"<br/>
"Satou!"<br/>
"Master, some have slipped through the Star Falls coming straight here!"<br/>
<br/>
The two scouting pair Tama, Mia gave a warning followed by Lulu who's in charge of monitoring.<br/>
Several tens of greater demons who've survived my attack by either being outside the small range, or by using other demons as shields, are coming straight here.<br/>
<br/>
"Nana prepare defensive--"<br/>
<br/>
As I was giving an instruction, a familiar sense of pain from the time of that first meteor shower back then assaulted me.<br/>
<br/>
I know what it is now.<br/>
A severe case of level up intoxication.<br/>
<br/>
"""MASTER!""" "SATOU" """SATOU-SAN""" ""MASTER""<br/>
<br/>
I could hear the girls calling my name in concern.<br/>
<br/>
In my vision dimming from the pain, I saw several dots closing in on us.<br/>
I wanted to tell them to focus on that instead of me, but I couldn't let my voice out due to the pain.<br/>
<br/>
"--Nana-chan, prepare defensive measures!"<br/>
"Yes, Hikaru. Deploying 『Paladin Domain』 so I announce."<br/>
<br/>
A vermilion light emitted out of Nana's closed shell cockpit.<br/>
<br/>
"Mia-chan, Garuda please. Tina, take care of defensive measures with Gun Golems, Lulu-chan aim for bigger enemies with gun turrets!"<br/>
"Nn--Magic Wind Create (Create Garuda)."<br/>
"Understood. Activating Thousand Thrones. Core Two, I need your assistance."<br/>
"Un, I'll help."<br/>
"AI-san, release full armaments. Your assistance please."<br/>
"AYE AYE MA'AM, ALL WEAPONS FREE. FCS STAND BY."<br/>
<br/>
I could hear the girls.<br/>
<br/>
"We will sortie out in heavy powered suits as well."<br/>
"Aye aye sir~"<br/>
"Roger nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
In the corner of my view, I saw the beastkin girls jumped into emergency shooters that go straight to Catapult Deck.<br/>
<br/>
"I'm going out in a support fighter as well."<br/>
"I-I shall accompany you."<br/>
<br/>
It's Zena-san and lady Karina.<br/>
<br/>
"You two are in charge of close quarter defense. Don't let any swift-footed demons get too close if you could. Counting on you too Raka."<br/>
"Yes!"<br/>
"I understand."<br/>
『Acknowledged.』<br/>
<br/>
The two jumped into shooters after receiving Arisa's instruction.<br/>
<br/>
"Sera-tan, how's Master looking?"<br/>
"Recovery magic doesn't seem to work."<br/>
"Don't worry, Sera-chan. It's probably a severe case of level up intoxication. He should be fine after some sleep, let's put him in the medical capsule for now."<br/>
"Un, if you'd please. I have to take control of the main armament, take over for me later."<br/>
"Gotcha~"<br/>
"Sera-san, the girls who went outside need your support. Tell them not to get too far away from the ship chasing enemies."<br/>
"Please leave it to me."<br/>
<br/>
After hearing that last conversation, my consciousness was swallowed up in darkness.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"--Starboard hit. Second barrier partition has been broken through."<br/>
<br/>
My consciousness arose out of darkness from a sensation of having my body greatly shaken.<br/>
<br/>
"Damage control is reaching its limit. Can you re-cast [Paladin Domain] yet, Nana-san?"<br/>
"Yes, Tina. 1800 seconds until cool down so I report."<br/>
"Tama! Take care of Starboard! Mia, call up another Garuda!"<br/>
"Pochi-chan, Liza-san, don't get close to Kukulkan! Arisa-chan, Jormungandr is coming from below us!"<br/>
"Tchhh, so that thing hasn't kicked the bucket yet! What a pain these demon lords and Authority-holder greater demons are. I'm gonna shoot them up with full powered anti-god magic instead of just lesser ones this time!"<br/>
"That's too rash! What would you do if you turn into demon lord again!"<br/>
"I'll think about it when that time comes. Rash or not, all is lost if I don't act now!"<br/>
<br/>
My fading consciousness was completely roused up from that conversation.<br/>
I got to the bridge using Unit Arrangement.<br/>
<br/>
"Set the main armament's spellcasting mode in full power."<br/>
『Aye aye ma'am. Transform Staff Ship Mode.』<br/>
"Over--"<br/>
"That's enough."<br/>
<br/>
I stopped Arisa who was going to push herself over her limit.<br/>
<br/>
"Master!"<br/>
""Satou!""<br/>
"Master!"<br/>
<br/>
The members who were still on the bridge saw me, smiles floated up on their fatigued faces.<br/>
<br/>
"Thanks for waiting, everyone."<br/>
<br/>
One of the dots displayed on Radar made a mad dash here.<br/>
I went up on deck with Unit Arrangement.<br/>
<br/>
"Kukulkan slipped through!"<br/>
"Pochi will go after it nodesuyo!"<br/>
<br/>
Liza and Pochi in their heavy powered exoskeleton suits went after Winged Serpent (Kukulkan).<br/>
Considering our current positions, I must careful not to have those two dragged in.<br/>
<br/>
I cast [Magic Arms] and sent the incoming foe flying with the spell.<br/>
<br/>
"--Eh?"<br/>
<br/>
The number of Magic Arms is weirdly numerous.<br/>
What was once 120 Magic Arms at most have been expanded to more than a thousand.<br/>
<br/>
I hurriedly checked out my Status in Menu.<br/>
<br/>
--Level 3100.<br/>
<br/>
I thought I would gain a few levels, but never would have dreamed it would be an additional digit.<br/>
Perhaps my Meteor Shower managed to kill hundreds of millions of demons.<br/>
<br/>
I point my arm at a kilometer-long giant serpent demon lord--Jormungandr coming from ahead of me.<br/>
<br/>
--Fire Shot.<br/>
<br/>
Fire Shot that was supposed to be only about as strong a intermediate-level magic destroyed Jormungandr's defensive barrier with power rivaling Arisa's advanced magic.<br/>
<br/>
--Fire Shot.<br/>
<br/>
Jormungandr's hard scales broke apart, black blood gushed out of its skin.<br/>
This demon lord seemed to be under the influence of black sludge as well, its gushing blood hardened into a wriggling armor over it scales.<br/>
<br/>
Looks like I'd better end it in one go than resorting to bite-sized attacks.<br/>
<br/>
I restrain Jormungandr with [Magic Arms] and [Deracinator].<br/>
<br/>
『All hands, take anti-shock and anti-flash defensive maneuvers.』<br/>
<br/>
After confirming the girls outside have returned to the large spaceship, I cast a spell.<br/>
<br/>
--Photon Laser.<br/>
<br/>
A flash of light that would have dazzled even those with sunglasses on dyed the surroundings white, part of Jormungandr's body that was hit by the laser evaporated instantly.<br/>
Wave of plasma-turned air mowed down mushroom clouds and particle dust, deeply deeply gouging the lands out.<br/>
<br/>
I had chosen this spell for its limited collateral damage since I was afraid other more powerful means of attacks could end up damaging the spaceship, and yet this is how it turned out.<br/>
So glad I didn't pick anti-god magic or forbidden spells by mistake.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, above you!"<br/>
<br/>
I cut apart the swooping Kukulkan with the hero's secret move, [<<Shining Blade>>].<br/>
Even a black sludge-powered demon lord was instantly killed by a weakened flying shockwave of the attack.<br/>
<br/>
I might have gotten about as strong as the Demon God Dog-head mentioned back then.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"That's it, over there. That's the castle where milord-sama's at."<br/>
<br/>
With the purple little girl in charge of navigation and after several loops of sight-based Unit Arrangement, we finally arrived at the center of Netherworld.<br/>
<br/>
"--Castle?"<br/>
"More like a comet empire."<br/>
<br/>
There's a city with radically shaped buildings on a floating moon that's been cut in two flatly.<br/>
Just as Arisa's said, it looks similar to the enemy's stronghold 148,000 light years away in a certain classic SF masterpiece.<br/>
<br/>
That seems to be Demon God's castle.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou!"<br/>
"Incoming super huge enemy so I report!"<br/>
<br/>
A greater demon over level 200 that had been circling around Demon God's castle is heading our way.<br/>
It's gigantic, many times bigger than even Ancient Dragon. And it's got Unique Skills to boot.<br/>
<br/>
"--Master."<br/>
<br/>
However, there's neither fear nor anxiety in my mind.<br/>
<br/>
"It's nothing to worry about."<br/>
<br/>
I made a short work out of the demon lord using a more advanced version of Flexible Sword, Ultra High Speed Dragon Rending Sword.<br/>
No unnecessary collateral damage with it.<br/>
<br/>
"Awesomely awesome nodesu!"<br/>
"Oh, ameowzing~?"<br/>
"Master was already incredible to begin with, but now your strength is just scary."<br/>
"Yeah, it's cause my level went up by a lot."<br/>
<br/>
I don't think I'd lose even against Demon God now.<br/>
<br/>
Now then, let's get this over with in a jiffy.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
※ No update is planned for 12/22. Next update will be at the end of the year.<br/>
<br/>
※ Forgot to add about how Ringrande's group went their separate way at the end of [17-40. 「17-40. Dungeon Corridors and Lunar Corridors (2)]. Added now. [TLN: Translated]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
