<br/>
<br/>
17-50. Innocent God (2)<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou here. [Coward who breaks the rule gets defeated in a frontal fight] or [Too strong an adversary gets defeated by exploiting a loophole in the rules], despite their contradicting natures, both are classics in tales.<br/>
I like either development, however I think someone who follows the rules to a T in real world is just setting up their own defeat flag.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Turn into fodder."<br/>
<br/>
God Parion instantly closed in on us with her Authority, and swung down the <<PERISH>>-clad Divine Sword in an attempt to cut god Karion and god Urion along with the spaceship.<br/>
<br/>
--Unit Arrangement.<br/>
<br/>
"I know that already--Sight Seizure (Everything in my hand)."<br/>
<br/>
The large spaceship got pulled in right before god Parion just as I warped it away.<br/>
<br/>
"Wargod Trample."<br/>
<br/>
--Oh no.<br/>
<br/>
Enshrouded in blue light, god Parion made a fierce charge as she cut the spaceship in half.<br/>
I managed to get us away from the ship barely in time, but since the two little goddesses and the purple little girls weren't considered my units, we got separated away.<br/>
<br/>
"Arisa. Sorry but just to be safe--"<br/>
"--if you're telling us to take shelter, I refuse."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa declined while I was mid-sentence.<br/>
<br/>
"Arisa-chan is right! This is the part where we triumph over through the power of effort and friendship!"<br/>
"Master, we would like to be of use to you."<br/>
"That's right nanodesu! Pochi and Tama will do their very best nanodesuyo!"<br/>
"Aye!"<br/>
<br/>
Following the beastkin girls and Arisa, the other girls also state their intentions to fight together.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou, from where we stand, god Parion isn't that much different from Demon God."<br/>
"Listen to Karina-sama. I have my reservation in rebelling against god Parion, however, stopping someone who has committed the grave sin of deicide is my duty as a miko."<br/>
"I think so too! Besides, I believe the nimble Satou-san will surely put a stop to Parion-sama."<br/>
"Un, Master Satou will be fine."<br/>
<br/>
Zena-san and the other girls put their near-faith-like trust in me.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou, Wand Ship."<br/>
<br/>
I took out her wand ship as urged by Mia.<br/>
Looks like she wants to fight god Parion using the real anti-god magic, not the lesser ones.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, gimme mine and Hikaru-tan's too."<br/>
<br/>
In addition to the two's, I also fetched Nana's shield ship and other heavy-duty support equipment.<br/>
<br/>
"Arisa, I've designed these three wand ships strong enough to withstand your Unique Skill. However--"<br/>
"I know I know. I'm just gonna barely touch the line, for the sake of our love life."<br/>
"Please don't touch that line if you could help--"<br/>
"Master!"<br/>
<br/>
Parion made her move.<br/>
<br/>
Looks like she's discovered god Urion and god Karion who were hiding themselves with Authority.<br/>
<br/>
"Core Two, retrieve those pink little girls."<br/>
<br/>
I passed over a small spaceship equipped with dimensional submerge functions to Core Two and Unit Arranged away before she could reply.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
"Divine Ruin Fist."<br/>
"Unrivaled Mobility (Nothing can hit)."<br/>
<br/>
God Parion used her Authority to dodge the rain of vermilion-colored bullet hell god Karion unleashed.<br/>
<br/>
"--Strongest Lance (Nothing cannot be pierced)."<br/>
"That shan't be done."<br/>
<br/>
God Urion neutralized god Parion's finishing move.<br/>
<br/>
Arisa and the girls offered me their participation through Familiar Link, but I told them to wait for a chance.<br/>
God Parion will surely launch a counteroffensive the moment she gets hit by the wand ships' assault, thus finding the right timing is crucial here.<br/>
<br/>
"Master Wizard."<br/>
<br/>
--Geh.<br/>
<br/>
God Parion used Demon God's Authorities to deploy Divine Dancing Armor and Dragon Rending Slash.<br/>
She blocked my light attack with the armor and stopped us from coordinating with the slash.<br/>
<br/>
"--Strongest Blade (Nothing cannot be cut)."<br/>
<br/>
Finding an opening, god Parion shook me and god Urion off and tried to cut god Karion in two.<br/>
<br/>
--Oh crap.<br/>
<br/>
I warped god Karion to my side right before Divine Sword cut her.<br/>
It went well even though I used Unit Arrangement reflexively. Looks like both god Karion and Urion are now considered my own units, likely because of our joint struggle.<br/>
<br/>
But really, she's strong.<br/>
<br/>
We're full on the defensive even though she's up against a united front that includes two gods fully wielding their Authorities.<br/>
<br/>
"I hate that."<br/>
<br/>
God Parion appeared before my eyes with her sword swinging.<br/>
I somehow managed the flurry of Dragon Rending Slashes followed by the Divine Sword.<br/>
<br/>
"Urion!"<br/>
<br/>
God Karion's scream reached my ear just as I dodged god Parion and her Divine Sword.<br/>
<br/>
God Urion's head has been lopped off.<br/>
Reaped by god Parion holding a scythe.<br/>
<br/>
What's going on?<br/>
<br/>
God Parion is right in front of me.<br/>
It's not a fake. She's holding the Divine Sword and even using her Authorities.<br/>
<br/>
The one holding the scythe is also god Parion, who's rushing for god Karion's neck now.<br/>
<br/>
--I won't let you.<br/>
<br/>
I teleported in with sight-based Unit Arrangement and parried away the scythe.<br/>
<br/>
"Urion must go back to life!"<br/>
<br/>
God Karion stuck god Urion's head and body together and prayed for her revival.<br/>
<br/>
"Won't happen."<br/>
<br/>
The Divine Sword-equipped god Parion went for the two little goddesses.<br/>
<br/>
I shook off the scythe god Parion with sight-based Unit Arrangement and put myself between the three gods.<br/>
<br/>
"Perish together."<br/>
<br/>
<<PERISH>>-clad Divine Sword is drawing closer.<br/>
<br/>
I'll sacrifice the holy magic divine sword and--.<br/>
<br/>
--No, I've got another card in my hand.<br/>
<br/>
Eye-blinding flashes, roaring and shockwaves blew away god Parion and the Divine Sword.<br/>
I just used [Demon God's Attack Magic] that had been stored away in my Storage.<br/>
<br/>
The second god Parion came out of the explosion while staggering.<br/>
It's probably not enough to defeat her, but it must have dealt some damage.<br/>
<br/>
"You won't hurt Master, so I report."<br/>
<br/>
I've been wondering why the scythe god Parion isn't attacking, turns out Nana and the beastkin girls have been keeping her at bay.<br/>
<br/>
"Out of the way."<br/>
"Cicada Shell no Jutsu~?"<br/>
<br/>
Nana who was going to get cut up along with her Paladin Domain got saved by Tama's ninjutsu.<br/>
<br/>
"Sure Hit Blade (Never Miss)."<br/>
<br/>
God Parion took throwing swords out of [Unlimited Armory (Endless Swords)] and launched them at the girls on the front line.<br/>
<br/>
"Nyu!"<br/>
"Phalanxus~ nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
Pochi flicked away the throwing swords with her Phalanx.<br/>
It couldn't manage to completely stop the attack however, broken pieces of throwing swords and Phalanx's vestiges blew Pochi and the girls away.<br/>
Since Tama had picked her up, I'm sure Pochi is fine.<br/>
<br/>
And, making best use of the chance Pochi and Tama gave.<br/>
<br/>
"--<<Dragonic Penetrator Hexa>>"<br/>
<br/>
Throwing away her powered exoskeleton as she propelled herself forward, Liza rained down [Pierce All] Dragon Spears upon god Parion.<br/>
<br/>
"Unrivaled Mobility (Nothing can hit)."<br/>
<br/>
God Parion dodged her with Unique Skill.<br/>
<br/>
"NOTYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET!"<br/>
<br/>
Liza forcefully altered her course by shooting magic edge cannon out of her tail and drove a finisher I had never seen before on god Parion.<br/>
<br/>
"Dragonic Penetrator Infinity."<br/>
<br/>
A barrage of attacks intense enough to make her afterimages look like mist assaulted god Parion from all directions like a wide area attack.<br/>
<br/>
"--Mwuu"<br/>
<br/>
The Divine Dancing Armor protecting god Parion broke apart, leaving several scars on her body.<br/>
<br/>
"I hate that."<br/>
<br/>
I pulled Liza to me using Unit Arrangement to rescue her from god Parion's assault.<br/>
<br/>
"Well done."<br/>
"Master."<br/>
<br/>
I praised Liza even while fiercely clashing with the other god Parion.<br/>
<br/>
"Karina Saint KIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICK!"<br/>
<br/>
Powered up by Zena-san's [Saint Prey] and Raka's super strength, Lady Karina unleashed down a kick at god Parion from high in the sky.<br/>
<br/>
"Won't get hit, anymore."<br/>
<br/>
God Parion's Unique Skill easily dodged her.<br/>
<br/>
"Raka-san! Now's our chance!"<br/>
『Disperse.』<br/>
<br/>
The instant lady Karina passed by god Parion, the light wrapping her dispersed into a flash.<br/>
<br/>
"Mwuu."<br/>
<br/>
『Arisa!』<br/>
『OK!』<br/>
<br/>
As the flash of light blinded her, giant golems controlled by princess Sistina manifested around god Parion.<br/>
Arisa must have teleported them there.<br/>
<br/>
Those golems clad in emerald-colored lights charged at god Parion all together.<br/>
<br/>
"Why can't, I dodge?"<br/>
<br/>
I could feel divinity coming from the giant golems.<br/>
<br/>
"Tenion's doing... Everyone is a big meanie."<br/>
<br/>
Looks like god Tenion has joined the fray through Sera.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<TLN: Catch the latest updates and edits at Sousetsuka .com ><br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Urion must go back to life--"<br/>
"--Karion."<br/>
<br/>
God Urion's voice could be heard.<br/>
Looks like god Karion managed to revive god Urion with her magic or Authority.<br/>
<br/>
--Eh?<br/>
<br/>
The dots displayed on my radar are increasing in number.<br/>
<br/>
As I turned around, I was greeted with the sight of god Urion and god Karion having their hearts pierced by blue swords and spears.<br/>
Those blue-colored weapons are brandished by three god Parion.<br/>
<br/>
The scythe god Parion is blocking my way, the Divine Sword god Parion emerged out with a light and sucked in the two little goddesses.<br/>
<br/>
"Gods are omnipresent."<br/>
<br/>
That appears to be the mechanism behind these five god Parion.<br/>
<br/>
We had a hard time fighting two, five would be too much.<br/>
To top it off, god Parion's Divinity increased every time she slew a god. Those gods look like they got sucked into the Divine Sword, but their Divinities seem to flow into god Parion.<br/>
<br/>
We're gonna need a miraculous reversal here.<br/>
<br/>
『Master. Above, after three seconds--』<br/>
<br/>
Arisa contacted me through Familiar Link.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"3,2,1--"<br/>
<br/>
I moved above with sight-based Unit Arrangement.<br/>
Along with the girls of course.<br/>
<br/>
God Parions are hounding us with their eyes.<br/>
<br/>
"Mythology Down."<br/>
"<<Mythology Extinction>>."<br/>
"Mythology Eater."<br/>
<br/>
Three anti-god magic swallowed the five god Parions.<br/>
<br/>
"Oho? She didn't dodge that."<br/>
"Un, that was surprising."<br/>
"Lacking learning ability."<br/>
<br/>
The one getting pushed down by the golems aside, I didn't expect all five to get hit.<br/>
She probably never imagined that other members besides me could deal her a crushing blow.<br/>
<br/>
"What a terrifying destructive power."<br/>
"Yes, Liza. I can't see myself taking that head-on."<br/>
"Huge win~?"<br/>
"Our embeepee are Arisa, Mia and Hikaru nanodesu."<br/>
<br/>
Pochi must have meant MVP there.<br/>
<br/>
"You two, save celebrating after we've confirmed her defeat okay."<br/>
<br/>
Indeed.<br/>
<br/>
"Oow..."<br/>
<br/>
One god Parion showed up blowing the explosion away.<br/>
<br/>
She's lost one of her arm and part of her body, cracks have formed on her skin, dark bluish lights are getting discharged out of her body in place of blood.<br/>
Her halos are blinking, her voice is cracking.<br/>
<br/>
"...Got careless."<br/>
<br/>
Apparently even god can't get away from an ambush coming outside her cognizance.<br/>
<br/>
"But I won't get careless anymore."<br/>
<br/>
As she psyched herself up, her broken body returned to its original state like it was rewinded.<br/>
<br/>
In addition, the dark blue aura gushing out of her body transformed into make-up and dress armor, an indigo blue halo and a vermilion halo got added behind her back. The blue halo that was floating behind her moved to her head, making it look like a cap.<br/>
<br/>
"No way, even that didn't do the trick?"<br/>
"Okay now this is bad."<br/>
<br/>
Yeah, never would have thought she could instantly restore herself back after eating three anti-god magic directly.<br/>
<br/>
"Divine Retribution."<br/>
<br/>
God Parion's attack magic flew toward the spot Arisa and the girls were.<br/>
Foreseeing that, I pulled them at the optimal timing with Unit Arrangement and then sent them together with the other girls to a safe zone--the small space ship Core Two boarded.<br/>
<br/>
The Wand Ships that were left on the spot got instantly evaporated.<br/>
<br/>
God Parion herself doesn't seem invested in the removal, she's not checking whether it was a success or not.<br/>
<br/>
"Tenion next."<br/>
<br/>
God Parion murmured unfeelingly.<br/>
<br/>
"But, before that--."<br/>
<br/>
God Parion emerged right before me.<br/>
<br/>
"--Gotta remove the annoying Irregular."<br/>
<br/>
Incoming <<PERISH>>-clad Divine Sword.<br/>
<br/>
I moved hundreds of kilometers away with Unit Arrangement.<br/>
<br/>
However, god Parion showed up before me in less than an instance.<br/>
<br/>
"God is omnipresent."<br/>
<br/>
Meaning she can appear anywhere huh.<br/>
No wonder she didn't stop me with Sight Seizure.<br/>
<br/>
--Kuh.<br/>
<br/>
The holy magic divine sword Pendragon I used to block her attack creaked before tragically breaking down.<br/>
<br/>
--This is bad.<br/>
<br/>
"Got you."<br/>
<br/>
God Parion's scythe was about to reap my neck.<br/>
<br/>
Jet black and rainbow-colored sparks flew.<br/>
<br/>
A rainbow-colored sword has blocked the scythe.<br/>
Holy Divine Sword Excalibur made from a fusion of holy sword Excalibur and a Dragon God's fang.<br/>
<br/>
"I see, there were two fangs."<br/>
<br/>
Parion nodded.<br/>
<br/>
Creak, a crack formed on the rainbow-colored sword.<br/>
<br/>
Now that she's absorbed the two little goddesses and got her Divinity boosted, god Parion has gotten multiple time stronger.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"But, it's over now."<br/>
<br/>
Holy Divine Sword Excalibur broke into pieces after a few clashes.<br/>
<br/>
"I'll take you in together with Demon God."<br/>
<br/>
God Parion's sword and scythe drew near.<br/>
<br/>
I blocked the Divine Sword and the scythe with the two broken rainbow swords.<br/>
<br/>
The rainbow swords' grips broke down and fell on Netherworld's ground.<br/>
<br/>
They gouged down the purple soil before stopping deep inside the land.<br/>
<br/>
Faces of the girls crossed my mind.<br/>
<br/>
No, not the revolving lantern please.<br/>
<br/>
This time I had a flashback of the Bridal Knights' members.<br/>
<br/>
--Two pieces of schedule table.<br/>
<br/>
How come this image is--.<br/>
<br/>
Hoping for a miraculous reversal, I look at my Storage.<br/>
<br/>
--Found it.<br/>
<br/>
Then there is a way out of this.<br/>
I communicated what I needed at a minimum through Familiar Link and moved away using Unit Arrangement.<br/>
<br/>
On the upper deck of the large spaceship god Parion sank.<br/>
<br/>
"Futile."<br/>
<br/>
God Parion caught me up instantly.<br/>
<br/>
"It's over now."<br/>
"Yeah, it's over now."<br/>
<br/>
I operate my Storage with my thought.<br/>
One luminous dot is my lifeline.<br/>
<br/>
"Obedient. Obedience is a good thing."<br/>
<br/>
God Parion nodded.<br/>
<br/>
"I'll make your death painless. Any last words--"<br/>
<br/>
Last words?<br/>
<br/>
I'm controlling a string of Divinity using Primeval Magic.<br/>
So meticulously in order to slip past god Parion.<br/>
<br/>
"Right..."<br/>
<br/>
What I need to say--.<br/>
<br/>
"--it's checkmate."<br/>
"Checkmate? I know that. Learned from heroes. Your checkmate."<br/>
<br/>
God Parion raises her scythe.<br/>
<br/>
"Nope."<br/>
"Nope?"<br/>
<br/>
Parion tilted her neck in confusion and then noticed the string of Divinity coiling around her lower half.<br/>
<br/>
"Futile."<br/>
<br/>
God Parion swung her sword to cut the string.<br/>
<br/>
Right at that moment, a rainbow fang broke through the spaceship's deck and pierced Parion's body from behind.<br/>
The girls lurking in the ship have pushed out a [Pierce All] dragon god fang I had taken out inside the ship.<br/>
<br/>
"Why..."<br/>
<br/>
God Parion's body is blinking intensely.<br/>
<br/>
"Parion, thinking that I was all alone is your undoing."<br/>
<br/>
The real reason for her loss is a duplicate bug of my Storage though.<br/>
Just like how the Bridal Knights' schedule plan handwritten by Arisa became two, the originally only two [Dragon God's Fangs] had also been duplicated. The latter is probably Dragon God (Kagura)'s doing though.<br/>
<br/>
"Not yet. I haven't lost yet."<br/>
<br/>
Even after having her God Core's damaged by the Dragon God's fang, god Parion clung on to life without giving up.<br/>
<br/>
『RIIIIIIIIIIIIGHT』<br/>
<br/>
The yellow halo transformed into an arm and grabbed god Parion.<br/>
<br/>
『USELESSSSSSSSSSS』<br/>
『OVEEEEEEEEEEEEER』<br/>
『STAAAAAAAAAAAAAY』<br/>
<br/>
Orange, green and purple halos also turned into arms and grabbed god Parion's body and face.<br/>
Looks like the gods' consciousness have remained inside their robbed Divinities.<br/>
<br/>
"So noisy. Shut up."<br/>
『SATWOUUUUUUUUUUU』<br/>
『NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW』<br/>
<br/>
The vermilion and indigo halos shined and raised Parion high up into the sky.<br/>
<br/>
Looks like Urion and Karion realized what I was trying to do.<br/>
In the sky, Parion tore up the arms and threw them away. The vermilion and indigo halos remained as are.<br/>
<br/>
"Not yet. I haven't lost yet."<br/>
<br/>
God Parion is breathing heavily.<br/>
<br/>
With her God Core damaged, she's lost a lot of Divinity, her whole being is destabilizing.<br/>
<br/>
"Nope, it's your loss."<br/>
<br/>
--Because.<br/>
<br/>
"I have--"<br/>
<br/>
I look up into the sky.<br/>
<br/>
"Declared my victory (checkmate)."<br/>
<br/>
Netherworld's sky gets split apart as a star comes down the starless sky.<br/>
<br/>
"--I don't wanna!"<br/>
<br/>
Parion teleports away.<br/>
<br/>
The star vanishes along with her.<br/>
<br/>
"It's futile."<br/>
<br/>
Authorities are miraculous powers wielded by gods.<br/>
<br/>
Meteor Shower has been pumped with enough Divinity by the strongest Dragon God herself to kill herself, an exceptional disposable Divinity.<br/>
Nothing can defy such power.<br/>
<br/>
I shut my eyes.<br/>
<br/>
Images of falling stars come up in my mind.<br/>
<br/>
Stars fall onto the young goddess' back.<br/>
<br/>
Stars fall onto her as she escapes to the human world and to the Realm of Gods.<br/>
<br/>
The moment she stops moving due to exhaustion will be her last.<br/>
<br/>
The stars mercilessly broke her body down, gouged down the Realm of God's land, demolishing even those divine grounds.<br/>
<br/>
> Title [God Slayer: Parion] Acquired.<br/>
> Title [God] Acquired.<br/>
> Skill [God Slay] Acquired.<br/>
<br/>
> Job Restriction has been Liberated.<br/>
<br/>
> Special Ability [Unit Creation] has been Liberated.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
※ Next update is planned for 2/23<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
