<br/>
<br/>
17-4. Purple Mound<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou here. Although not to the point of like a bolt out of the blue, I remember feeling absolutely stumped waking up at unknown places after a night out drinking away with friends many times over.<br/>
Waking up to a Death Valley-like scenery only happened that one time though.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Over there, Earl Pendragon."<br/>
<br/>
Heim-shi of Shiga Eight Swords points at something that looks like a purple mound.<br/>
<br/>
The morning after Bridal Knights formation, he suddenly dropped by my mansion and brought me to capital's outskirts.<br/>
We headed to an area barricaded by the capital soldiers to find the aforementioned purple mound.<br/>
<br/>
"This thing?"<br/>
<br/>
Crisis Perception isn't reacting, it doesn't seem that dangerous.<br/>
AR reading says, a [Soil Structure].<br/>
<br/>
I got off my horse, handed over the rein to a knight who led us here, and walked toward the purple mound.<br/>
<br/>
A purple mound is standing at the center of a field that has been fully harvested.<br/>
It looks like ruins from Lalakie era somewhat.<br/>
<br/>
"Indeed. This was found when a farmer was making his rounds in this area."<br/>
"You mean this wasn't here before?"<br/>
"Yes, according to testimonies of harvesters, this mound was not present up to sunset the day before."<br/>
<br/>
Fumu, not a Mystery Circle, but a Mystery Monument huh.<br/>
I noticed that the maker's name is blank when I check its detailed info. Either this was made by someone with a blank name like I could do, or the name was erased with some kind of mean.<br/>
Well, you'd normally think it's the latter, no doubt.<br/>
<br/>
"Perhaps someone created this with earth magic in the middle of the night?"<br/>
"I would not have called for Earl Pendragon so early in the morning if it did."<br/>
<br/>
Heim-shi dismounted, picked up a pebble on the ground and threw it at the purple mound.<br/>
<br/>
"--It passed through the mound?"<br/>
<br/>
The stone Heim-shi threw disappeared into the purple mound, and came out on the other side.<br/>
<br/>
"Is this an illusion?"<br/>
<br/>
I knew it was not despite me asking.<br/>
I would have immediately seen through the illusion if it really were.<br/>
<br/>
"It's not."<br/>
<br/>
Heim-shi grabbed and stopped my arm that was going to reach out to the mound.<br/>
Heim-shi turned around and made a signal to a group of people that was already in the area around the mound.<br/>
One of the people, a magician wearing a blue sash on top of his robe--Blue Sash of Shiga 33 Wands stepped forward and began to chant a spell. Judging from the chant, it's a summoning magic.<br/>
<br/>
The magician summoned a pigeon and released it toward the mound.<br/>
<br/>
The pigeon nested on one of the bumps on the Purple Mound.<br/>
Stones pass through it but it appears that living things can touch it just fine.<br/>
<br/>
"Magic passes through it as well, but not living creatures."<br/>
<br/>
According to Heim-shi, his light magic and one of the magicians' force magic just went through the mound.<br/>
<br/>
"Watch closely, Earl Pendragon."<br/>
<br/>
Heim points at the pigeon.<br/>
The pigeon started to cry out in pain, so I checked the AR and saw its HP gradually decreasing.<br/>
<br/>
--It's Drain.<br/>
<br/>
Looks like the mound will start draining life force from living things after they come into contact with it for a certain period of time.<br/>
However, I didn't saw such a dangerous bit when I checked the mound's detailed info on the AR.<br/>
<br/>
I stare at the purple mound once again.<br/>
<br/>
There's a complex mana flow inside the purple mound. I can't read its effect, not sure if it's because it's not magic.<br/>
At the very least, it doesn't seem to be a spell formula for Life Drain nor Mana Drain.<br/>
<br/>
"As you can see. This mound snatches vitality and strength of living beings."<br/>
<br/>
The pigeon fell on the ground before Heim-shi.<br/>
Looks like it's only fainted.<br/>
<br/>
The summoner picked the pigeon up and unsummoned it.<br/>
<br/>
"I was wondering, Earl Pendragon who has traveled all over the world would know about this mound, no?"<br/>
<br/>
Looks like that was the reason why he picked me.<br/>
<br/>
"I think it kinds of resemble ruins left by Lalakie Civilization, I suppose?"<br/>
"Fumu. A relic of an ancient civilization huh... Even if it has only enough power to kill insects, for something like this to appear suddenly--"<br/>
<br/>
A scholar standing next to the summoning magician nodded, like 'I know what you mean'.<br/>
Looks like he's a researcher from the Royal Research Institute.<br/>
<br/>
Numerous dead bodies of small insects are lying on the ground around the purple mound indeed.<br/>
<br/>
"--In my humble opinion, this is some kind of blight."<br/>
"Why not just say it straight? Like, this is the demons' doing."<br/>
<br/>
The summoner snapped at the scholar.<br/>
Ignoring their feud, I walk around the mound, pretending to check it out, then I tested magic edge and holy dagger on it, but they all passed through the mound all the same.<br/>
<br/>
I probably could intervene with the torrent of mana inside the mound if I just put some strength into it, but since it's dangerous as I have no idea what the formula is about, I refrained myself.<br/>
<br/>
"Usasa, lookf at thatf woof."<br/>
<br/>
--Woof?<br/>
<br/>
"It's likef the thingf at the villagef's squaref!"<br/>
"It even gotf the samef colorf too."<br/>
<br/>
I turn around at the source of accented words and found the dogkin boy, Gaugaru, a graduate of the labyrinth city's Explorer School, [Pendora].<br/>
He's together with his friends, the bunnykin Usasa, Rabibi and the others.<br/>
<br/>
They were among a crowd that had formed outside the soldiers' barricade without my knowledge.<br/>
<br/>
"It's the young masfter!"<br/>
"""Young masfter!"""<br/>
<br/>
The Pendora members waved at me.<br/>
With that as an impetus, the crowd who were here to look at the purple mound noticed me.<br/>
<br/>
"Am I seeing things or is that--"<br/>
"It's the Demon Lord Slayer!"<br/>
"Hail Pendragon-sama!"<br/>
<br/>
The crowd began to call out for my name.<br/>
<br/>
"Oy! Don't push! Stop pushing!"<br/>
<br/>
People at the end of the crowd began to push at the barricade to look at me better.<br/>
They're ignoring the soldiers telling them to stop, they're gonna crash here if this keeps up.<br/>
<br/>
These people would go straight to the purple mound at this rate, not good.<br/>
<br/>
"...■ Clay Wall!"<br/>
<br/>
Field soil rose up 30 meter tall before the crowd.<br/>
The one who cast the magic was a magician with pink blond hair. Since she's wearing a red colored sash which signifies her position in 33 Shiga Wands, she must be a subordinate of the blue sashed summoner earlier.<br/>
<br/>
"Was that of use to you, lord Pendragon?"<br/>
<br/>
The beautiful magician turned around and let out a smile.<br/>
<br/>
"Why yes, thank you."<br/>
<br/>
When I frankly thanked her, the magician had a complicated look on her face.<br/>
Looks like my reaction didn't live up to her expectations.<br/>
<br/>
I check her AR reading.<br/>
<br/>
She's called Athena, with [Sakura Guardian] title, I kind of remember her.<br/>
She was the girl I met at the base of the huge sakura tree at the royal castle when I first visited the castle right after I became a Mithril explorer.<br/>
If I recall right, she had a little feud with Mia due to her sense of rivalry against Boruenan Forest elves.<br/>
<br/>
Since it's a story long past and not like it's got anything to do with me, I nod at her to end the conversation and ask one of the soldiers to fetch Usasa and the others.<br/>
Not because I know them, but because I heard them saying something curious.<br/>
<br/>
"""Young masfter! Congratulationsf for the formationf of your privatef knights!"""<br/>
<br/>
I promptly say, "Thanks" to them and get to the point.<br/>
<br/>
"Everyone, have you seen something like this before?"<br/>
"Un, we have."<br/>
"No idea what is it, but that thing sprouted up in the village's square this morning."<br/>
"It sprung up like nyoki-nyoki-nyoki woof."<br/>
"It shone bright before it did, didn't it."<br/>
"Right right. Was doing a night watch, then suddenly a magic circle-like something on the ground, that surprised me kuma."<br/>
"Kubea's scream woke us up."<br/>
"I didn't scream kuma! I was just a bit startled kuma."<br/>
<br/>
I ask them more questions while arranging their words and the content of their testimonies in my head.<br/>
<br/>
"Did you hear a chant before the magic circle showed up?"<br/>
"I didn't kuma."<br/>
"Neither did I."<br/>
<br/>
"Kinda felt like I heard a grating sound like 'kiiin'."<br/>
<br/>
Rabibi added more testimony to the two who were on night duty.<br/>
<br/>
"The mound was at the center of the magic circle?"<br/>
"That's right kuma."<br/>
"Was the mound already purple from the beginning?"<br/>
"Yup, I think it was. And since the magic circle also shined purple, so was the magic circle's color, I think."<br/>
<br/>
In the middle of the night, a purple magic circle manifested in the village's square, and then soil rose up to form a mound in the center of a magic circle shining purple.<br/>
<br/>
"We tried to poke the mound with a stick and it just passed through."<br/>
"Touching it made me lose strength, it felt yucky kuma."<br/>
"So, we woke everyone, and ran here to inform young master."<br/>
<br/>
And then they met me by chance here when they took a shortcut through the field from the west gate.<br/>
Dryad might have a hand in leading them here indirectly.<br/>
<br/>
"I see. I'm grateful for the valuable information."<br/>
<br/>
I convey their testimonies to Heim-shi of Shiga Eight Swords.<br/>
Information about the appearances of purple mounds in other place and that it was created by some kind of magic was a major one to Heim-shi and the researchers, he smiled broadly and clapped the kids' shoulders, "Well done!"<br/>
<br/>
"Uwaah, it's a Shiga Eight Sword in the flesh."<br/>
"Awesome"<br/>
"You guys, you're being rude."<br/>
"Right right woof."<br/>
<br/>
The [Pendora] kids seemed to be fans of Shiga Eight Swords, they were elated to receive a thanks from Heim-shi.<br/>
<br/>
"Everyone, you've done a good job. Since it'd be a struggle to reach my mansion, you should take some rest in one of my villas instead."<br/>
<br/>
I took a paper out, drew a map on it and handed it over to Usasa.<br/>
It's close to the market, so it's an ideal spot if they want to tour the capital.<br/>
<br/>
"Oh right, this is for you, young master."<br/>
<br/>
Rabibi fetched a bundle of letters from his knapsack and handed it to me.<br/>
The topmost letter has the name Iruna and Jena of [Beautiful Wings], who are working as teachers at Explorer School, written on it. A letter from those two, that's rare.<br/>
<br/>
"Teachers were wishing for more staff, they said."<br/>
<br/>
--I see.<br/>
<br/>
"The Explorer School's selection test was incredible woof."<br/>
"Lots of knights-sama and nobles-sama kuma."<br/>
"Like that princess with a gigantic hammer, it was amazing."<br/>
<br/>
Skimming the letter over, it was a petition to change the way recruitments work since nobles and knights were flooding in the selection tests, thus they were losing time to teach students.<br/>
Looks like the effect of Demon Lord Slayer even manifested here.<br/>
<br/>
--Oh.<br/>
<br/>
Looking at Map, I saw that Pochi and Tama have just started their daily morning practice.<br/>
<br/>
『I'm sorry you two, but could you do me a favor?』<br/>
『Aye aye sir~』<br/>
『Acknowledged nanodesu.』<br/>
<br/>
I took the readily consenting two here behind a nearby tree with Space magic.<br/>
<br/>
"Usasa~?"<br/>
"Rabibi nanodesu! Ah, Gaugaru and Kubea's here too nodesu!"<br/>
"""Tama neesan!"""<br/>
"""And Pochi neesan!"""<br/>
<br/>
Pendora kids were ecstatic when they saw Tama and Pochi.<br/>
The kids whose names didn't get called were pointing to themselves while looking like they were saying, "Me, what about me?", seeing that Pochi looked like she was at a loss for words for a bit and then said, "Everyone, you have done well to come here nanodesu!" to brush over it.<br/>
<br/>
"Sorry but could you two please show them the way to the downtown villa?"<br/>
<br/>
There's a lot of people in the royal capital, I'm worried whether they can arrive at the villa otherwise.<br/>
<br/>
"Roger~"<br/>
"Yes nanodesu. Pochi is a pro at showing ways to people nanodesuyo!"<br/>
<br/>
While smiling and praising Pochi for her yet another pro, I sent everyone off.<br/>
<br/>
"Now then--"<br/>
<br/>
These purple mounds are either related to demons, or gods, or neither at all...<br/>
<br/>
For now, I'll check out the most likely location first.<br/>
I connect to Arisa and Sera at Pendragon Mansion with space magic [Tactical Talk].<br/>
<br/>
『Sera-san, sorry but could you ask Head Miko at the Duchy Capital--Lily-sama as to whether she received an oracle about purple mounds.』<br/>
『Yes, very well.』<br/>
『Arisa, sorry but could you take Sera-san there.』<br/>
『Yesh yesh, jusf leave it to me~』<br/>
<br/>
I ask the still half-asleep Arisa to teleport Sera while informing them about Purple Mounds.<br/>
Right afterward, it hit me that I could have just asked the head miko myself as Hero Nanashi, but well it's too late now, might as well entrust it to Sera.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<TLN: If you're reading this novel at any other site than Sousetsuka .com you might be reading an unedited, uncorrected version of the novel.><br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"None of the mikos at every temple including Lily-sama received an oracle of such."<br/>
<br/>
Sera who had just come back from the duchy capital reported to me.<br/>
<br/>
"Sete told me that he didn't receive a report about that from other cities and towns either, though there was another one near the capital."<br/>
<br/>
Hikaru who had gone asking the king told me.<br/>
Looks like he had been checking towns and villages in Shiga Kingdom after the report from Pendora came in.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, got a follow-up report from Echigoya Firm. The mounds showed up in other countries as well."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa who came out of the gate told me.<br/>
The purple mounds have shown up in cities and areas around towns where Echigoya Branch Offices are located. <br/>
<br/>
Instead of a simultaneous global terror attack, it's a simultaneous global construction effort huh...<br/>
It would have been simple if I could just search them on Map, but [Soil Structure] spat back too many results, there's no way to distinguish them.<br/>
<br/>
I tried to look at some of them near Echigoya Branch Offices with space magic [Clairvoyance] and found out that they were all structurally identical.<br/>
<br/>
"I guess this is a new ploy by the demons?"<br/>
"Don't you think the scale is too big for demons?"<br/>
<br/>
It's one thing if it's limited to a city or a country somewhere, but such a large scale like this should be infeasible for demons.<br/>
<br/>
"But master can do it, right?"<br/>
"Well, yeah, I can--"<br/>
<br/>
I affirmed Arisa.<br/>
<br/>
The plan was to visit [Realm of Gods] once I was done with Bridal Knights formation ceremony, but it seems like I'll have to postpone it.<br/>
<br/>
"That face--"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa went around me, placed both her hands on my face and then peeked at it.<br/>
<br/>
"--You're trying to bear the burdens all alone again, aren't you?"<br/>
<br/>
As expected of Arisa.<br/>
She can see through everything.<br/>
<br/>
"Just leave things here to us."<br/>
"Arisa is correct. We shall protect the people in your place, master."<br/>
"Un, Liza is right. We'll make sure to house-sit well while you're away, don't worry."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa, Liza and Hikaru told me that, then the other girls also nodded reassuringly.<br/>
<br/>
"I got it. I'll be on my way after checking some things out."<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Sorry for asking your assistance out of nowhere."<br/>
"Please don't worry about it. Pipin and me are loyal extensions of your limbs, Kuro-sama."<br/>
<br/>
I've come to a depopulated village at the outskirts of the eastern country group.<br/>
I was thinking of checking out the purple mounds for a bit before departing for God's Realm.<br/>
<br/>
I have given more than enough compensations to the inhabitants of this depopulated village and have them take shelter at a nearby town.<br/>
<br/>
I look at the purple mound at the outer edge of the village.<br/>
<br/>
Its aspect of being permeable to tangible attacks bears a striking resemblance to the [Demon God's Offshots] that were once summoned to the capital.<br/>
If it's related to demons, I'll let the girls handle it even if they're up against demon lords, but if it's related to gods, especially if it's a ploy to resurrect demon god, things could go south if I just thoughtlessly leave them behind.<br/>
<br/>
"Sharururun, I have checked the surrounding area. Confirmed that there's no one who missed out evacuating."<br/>
"Well then, you two, please take some distance."<br/>
<br/>
The two people helping me are the former phantom thieves and the current members of Intelligence office of Echigoya Firm, Sharururun and Pipin.<br/>
After confirming that the two have evacuated the area, I approach the purple mound that's appeared near the depopulated village.<br/>
<br/>
I put up multifold barriers so the village won't feel the shockwave and then I use advanced magic on the purple mound.<br/>
<br/>
--No change.<br/>
<br/>
Magic don't work on it just like holy swords and magic edge.<br/>
<br/>
Next, I tried to pierce it with a dragon fang sword, but it just passed through the mound.<br/>
I was hoping that this could destroy the mound, but even a dragon fang sword that holds the [Pierce Everything] property doesn't work on something that's intangible to physical objects.<br/>
<br/>
Lastly I draw the Divine Sword and hit the purple mound with it.<br/>
<br/>
--Ooh.<br/>
<br/>
Like a water droplet on a frying pan, the purple mound dispersed away as if it's an illusion.<br/>
<br/>
"Hyuu, nice goin'"<br/>
"Looks like it went well."<br/>
<br/>
Pipin and Sharururun came back.<br/>
<br/>
"Does this mean we don't have to go to the next village?"<br/>
"No, there's still one thing I'd like try yet."<br/>
<br/>
Led by Pipin, we went to another depopulated village at the neighboring mountain, then I used anti-god magic on the second purple mound there and confirmed that the magic was able to destroy it.<br/>
<br/>
This means Arisa, Hikaru and Mia can deal with these mounds even if something goes wrong.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇◇◇ POV Change: Arisa ◇◇◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Well then, I'll be off. I'll leave the rest in your hand."<br/>
"Un, just leave it to us."<br/>
<br/>
It's the day Master departs for [Realm of Gods].<br/>
<br/>
He's departing for the Sanctuary of Tenion Temple at the Duchy Capital as appointed by gods.<br/>
Jealousy welled up within me at Sera who would go with Master until midway through, but as Master's sole familiar, I will display the extent of my caliber here and watch over them with a smile.<br/>
<br/>
"Mwu, lovers' hand hold."<br/>
<br/>
Mia murmured.<br/>
<br/>
--Mumumu.<br/>
<br/>
"Well, that much is--"<br/>
<br/>
I'm maintaining my calm expression.<br/>
<br/>
"Guilty."<br/>
<br/>
Ahead of Mia, Sera interlocked her fingers with master's, pulling over to lean on him.<br/>
<br/>
Recently, Master often ogled Sera and her remarkable growth on chest area.<br/>
He's had Poker Face on, but he's definitely enjoying the softness and fluffiness, I'm super sure of it.<br/>
<br/>
I mean, my Familiar Sensor and Maiden Sensor are blaring hard.<br/>
<br/>
I've gotta teach master, an inhabitant of planet oppai, the allure of chippai. <TLN: Chicchai (small) oppai.><br/>
Mito calmed me down when I reflexively rolled up my sleeves and stepped forward.<br/>
<br/>
"No one would have a hard time if that much was enough to take him down."<br/>
<br/>
It's got some weight when said by the childhood friend.<br/>
<br/>
Master who had separated away from Sera after Mia pointed that out teleported to the duchy capital soundlessly.<br/>
For some reason Nana also teleported together with them. She must have wanted to meet the sealkin children at the duchy capital.<br/>
<br/>
"Oh right, Arisa-chan."<br/>
<br/>
Mito whispers in my ears.<br/>
<br/>
"Manager (Elterina) got a scoop from exclusive intelligent officer (Sharururun)."<br/>
<br/>
Looks like Master went out at night yesterday.<br/>
The former phantom thief name, Sharururun came up in the bit of words I caught on Familiar Link, thus I had asked Mito to check it out at the capital.<br/>
<br/>
"Was it really about purple mounds?"<br/>
"Un, looks like he was trying to figure out a way to destroy them. He asked her to give us this letter if there's any sign of something bad happening to the purple mounds."<br/>
<br/>
The letter said that the purple mounds could be destroyed with anti-god magic.<br/>
<br/>
Looks like his night outing last night was to look for a way to destroy the purple mounds.<br/>
<br/>
"Geez, master is really overprotective and worries too much."<br/>
"Well, that's just how Ichirou-nii--Satou is."<br/>
<br/>
Mito's and my eyes met and we laughed together.<br/>
<br/>
We're all fine here, so please come home safe--my beloved Master.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
※Next update is planned for 3/3<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
