<br/>
<br/>
17-30. Intermission 2<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou here. There's this term, 'Calm before storm', but I kind of like the suffocating stillness before disaster.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Geez! I really thought you were gone there, I was soo worried!"<br/>
<br/>
I got back because I felt like Arisa was calling for me, she was fuming for some reason.<br/>
<br/>
"More importantly, is anyone hurt?"<br/>
<br/>
Judging from the sorry state of the capital, Demon God or his familiars had definitely raided the place.<br/>
<br/>
No, from the weird formation of glass at the impact crater--.<br/>
<br/>
"Did my duplicate body blow itself up in the capital?"<br/>
"It did! We thought it was the real thing, do you have any idea how panicked we were!"<br/>
<br/>
While apologizing for making them worry, I confirmed that the king and the capital people had safely taken shelter and sighed in relief.<br/>
<br/>
Good grief, I can't believe they would make it blow up right in the center of the capital, I've got to file a complaint about this to gods.<br/>
<br/>
"For the time being, let's restore it back into a habitable state--"<br/>
<br/>
While using Storage and magic in unison to collect debris in the capital, I relocated the duplicate buildings I had put in the sub-space to replace the ruined city.<br/>
Since furnitures and stuff inside these buildings aren't reproduced, it's probably a good idea to also offer minimum wares necessary to sustain lives for a while.<br/>
<br/>
"...As cheat-like as ever."<br/>
"Ahaha, so long as it's a good thing."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa and Hikaru murmured something cheeky with astonished looks on their faces when they saw the reconstruction I did.<br/>
<br/>
"Mia, please lend me a hand."<br/>
"Nn, my best."<br/>
"Intriguing so I report."<br/>
<br/>
On my sides, Aze-san and Mia used spirit magic to make all kinds of trees I put here to take root. Nana was fascinated to see the tree roots moving around amusingly.<br/>
<br/>
I haven't got much chance to witness Aze-san's magic, but she really does seem to be better than me with magic that controls nature.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, is there anything we can help with?"<br/>
"Well then, I'll put some beddings and food here, could you carry them to the places I point you to?"<br/>
"Aye aye sir~?"<br/>
"Pochi will show off her exquisite transport performance nodesuyo!"<br/>
"I-I'll help to desuwa!"<br/>
<br/>
As I took the supply for disaster relief out of Storage, the beastkin girls and Lady Karina immediately began transporting them.<br/>
<br/>
"I will give a hand too!"<br/>
"Let me get the trolley ready."<br/>
<br/>
Zena-san and Lulu were also eager to help, but I need them to do something else.<br/>
<br/>
"Please wait. Zena-san, please go with her highness to inform those who have taken refuge about the passing of threat."<br/>
"Yes, I understand!"<br/>
"Do you mind if we take the golem units along?"<br/>
"Not at all, feel free to make use of your highness's golems to escort the people back here."<br/>
<br/>
It may be unnecessary since the knights and soldiers should be with the people, but these golems should prove useful for manual work and stuff.<br/>
<br/>
"Lulu and Sera-san, if you could please prepare for emergency food distribution."<br/>
"Yes, I'll give it my all!"<br/>
"Satou-san, it won't be enough with just us two, do you mind if we bring the brownies from Solitary Island Palace here to help?"<br/>
<br/>
I readily gave my consent to Sera's suggestion since that was my intention.<br/>
<br/>
"Arisa and Hikaru, you two are in charge of replenishing supply from the neighboring cities."<br/>
"OK!"<br/>
"Un, we'll be off."<br/>
<br/>
I hand over the cash needed for the purchasing from my Storage to their bags.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, I shall come along as an escort for the transportation so I inform."<br/>
<br/>
Nana who was watch Aze-san and Mia's tree-planting had come back before I knew it.<br/>
Nice timing, let's ask her something.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<TLN: If you're reading this novel at any other site than Sousetsuka .com you might be reading an unedited, uncorrected version of the novel.><br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"--So, guided by the nymphs, I was brought to one of god Tenion's Sanctuaries together with Aze-san."<br/>
<br/>
Once we were done with the relief work to a degree, I talked about what happened after god Tenion's nymphs took me away while having some light meal Lulu and the brownies prepared.<br/>
<br/>
"How was it like?"<br/>
"It was soo mystical, there's so much lights and green everywhere you see!"<br/>
<br/>
Aze-san replied to Arisa.<br/>
Her charming smile blew away all fatigue from the relief work.<br/>
<br/>
"Spirit World?"<br/>
"Nn, I don't believe so. There's a lot of spirits too, but if I had to say, it was more full of prayers and divinity instead."<br/>
<br/>
Aze-san shook her head left and right to answer Mia back.<br/>
<br/>
...So Spirit World exists.<br/>
Let's pay it a visit with everyone next time.<br/>
<br/>
"After passing through a passage furnished with light rings that looked like some sort of CT Scan, I was told to wait there with Aze-san."<br/>
<br/>
That CT Scan like thing was probably a sacred treasure for making a copy of my body.<br/>
<br/>
"Then I enjoyed the beautiful spectacles there together with Aze-san for a while--"<br/>
"Was it really just spectacles?"<br/>
<br/>
--Sharp.<br/>
<br/>
I was enjoying Aze-san's face from the side as she was getting fascinated by the scenery.<br/>
The impregnable fortress pair would scramble if I said that though, so I replied back with, "Of course", while relying on Poker Face skill sensei.<br/>
<br/>
"--So yeah, and right when I felt like I was hearing Arisa's voice, we immediately made our way back here."<br/>
<br/>
The place where we had to wait was shut out by a barrier to protect us from Demon God, and since the nymphs never responded no matter how many times I called out to them, I used Unit Arrangement to get back instead of the path I used to get there.<br/>
<br/>
The barrier apparently also blocked Familiar Link, I couldn't hear most of Arisa's calls, but since her last contact sounded really desperate, I hurriedly made my way back here.<br/>
<br/>
"Oh my, he really holds you dear."<br/>
"Nn."<br/>
"W-well yeah."<br/>
<br/>
Mia quickly nodded to Aze-san's word, Arisa affirmed shyly.<br/>
Noticing my gaze, she averted her face to hide her embarrassment.<br/>
<br/>
"Hikaru, could you fill me in the situation here in detail?"<br/>
"Un, so after Ichirou-nii was taken away by the nymphs--"<br/>
<br/>
I got a rough understanding of what transpired, but in order to know more in detail, I confirmed to Hikaru who seemed like she would be in the know most.<br/>
As her narration reached the finale, Sera suddenly stood up.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou-san! I have received an oracle from Tenion-sama!"<br/>
<br/>
Right after she said that, Sera's expression turned blank, then a pale green light blinked over her body.<br/>
<br/>
『Demon God Suppression』『Failure』『Unforeseen』<br/>
<br/>
Multiple words flew off Sera's mouth all at once.<br/>
Apparently, even the gods did not foresee demon god surviving through the duplicate body's explosion.<br/>
<br/>
『Insurance』『Fragment』『Disintegration Factor』<br/>
<br/>
Are they saying that they have slipped in a Disintegration Factor inside the [Duplicate Body] in case it didn't destroy Demon God outright?<br/>
I don't really get what they're trying to say, but using mind magic to connect to Sera once she's connected to Oracle will overload her, so I hold myself back.<br/>
<br/>
『Demon God』『Surmised』『Disintegrated』<br/>
<br/>
Demon God will eventually realize the Disintegration Factor planted in him.<br/>
<br/>
『Demon God』『Desperate』『Vigilant』<br/>
<br/>
Demon God would act with reckless abandon, so be vigilant huh.<br/>
Well, normally you'd think he'd go after the seven pillar gods though.<br/>
<br/>
『Apologies』『Capital』『Ground Zero』<br/>
<br/>
Once she said that, god Tenion stopped the Oracle.<br/>
<br/>
Nana, as instructed by Mia, caught Sera in her arms before I could. I don't get why Mia is looking triumphant as she looks at me here.<br/>
<br/>
"Never would have thought the god would apologize."<br/>
"Un, unexpected."<br/>
<br/>
Hikaru agreed to Arisa's murmur.<br/>
<br/>
"Well since we got a warning from gods and all, I suppose we're gonna have to continue thinking up ways to deal with Demon God."<br/>
<br/>
The girls gave their consents in chorus.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Half a year has passed since then--.<br/>
<br/>
Every day has been peaceful.<br/>
<br/>
The beastkin girls are spending their days training with Lady Karina.<br/>
After losing Dragon Spear Heiron in the fight against Demon God, I made a new Dragon Spear from a fang of Heavenly Dragon for Liza, but since she had expressed her intents to improve herself with her magic spear Douma, I'm keeping that in the Storage for now.<br/>
During the training on Primeval Magic initiated by Liza, they grasped the knacks from the old Ancient Dragon at the Ancient Dragon Continent, and even managed to cast the magic a few times.<br/>
The fact that it was Pochi, Liza, and Tama that succeeded in order left quite an impression.<br/>
Lady Karina still hast't managed to cast it even once.<br/>
<br/>
The mage group--Hikaru, Arisa, Mia, Princess Sistina, and Zena-san are researching anti-god magic Minor Down and Augment magic, with some good results.<br/>
They require the assistance of the Warship Wands to use the new anti-god magic [God Slayer], also Arisa and Hikaru have to work together to even cast it though.<br/>
However, the power was tremendous, a greater demon that was used in experiment got cut in two like butter, as if it was cut by the Divine Sword itself.<br/>
I myself am currently developing the lesser versions of it in the form of advanced and forbidden magic, it's almost complete.<br/>
Apparently Princess Maryest and Lady Ringrande have offered their cooperation in the development too.<br/>
<br/>
Sera who couldn't bear the thought of anti-god magic went to the main temple of god Tenion along with the former head miko now miko apprentice Lily to study the ritual of evil crushing.<br/>
Since she's still got the Authority loaned to her by god Tenion, I'm sure they can escape anything alive with the [Hermit Hide].<br/>
<br/>
All members of Echigoya Firm led by Elterina and Chef Secretary Tifaliza are helping us behind the scene.<br/>
With core members of Bridal Knights being practically unavailable, other members have been mostly busy leveling up in dungeons with Nana as their escort and guarding Echigoya Firm.<br/>
Also, Miss Rina who's working as a representative governor-general of Brighton City in my place, has gone back to the city early to manage the mansion there and [Bridal Knights, Brighton Branch].<br/>
<br/>
And lastly, Lulu--.<br/>
<br/>
"Gamma Ray Laser Cannon, Galvanized--Aim, and Shoot!"<br/>
<br/>
Lulu in her skin-tight SF-like outfit shot the main armament of a large space ship.<br/>
<br/>
"I did it! I hit in the center!"<br/>
"Congratulations, Lulu."<br/>
<br/>
Even with the aiming sight support, shooting through a rock 100KM away is still quite a feat.<br/>
<br/>
"But I missed five shots before even though the target wasn't moving. I've got to practice on it more."<br/>
"And I have to research on ways to raise accuracy of the gun barrel."<br/>
<br/>
Since we're mostly done with the countermeasures for Demon God, we've begun exploring ways to fight the void sky creatures, but we're hitting an unexpected roadblock here.<br/>
<br/>
『Master, energy reserve has fallen to under 30 percent. Advising to ride on an Ether Stream and deploy Magic Wings to resupply magic essence.』<br/>
"Got it, permission granted."<br/>
『Aye aye sir.』<br/>
<br/>
The large space ship is operated by AIs--a type of golem instead of human crews.<br/>
Arisa and Hikaru insisted that it would be dangerous if the AI revolted, but since the same also applies to maned crews, in the end, I've decided to use a network of multiple AIs and put other countermeasures like anti-mind magic equipment, the same ones I put on the girls' equipment, in place.<br/>
Of course the ship can also be operated by human crews.<br/>
<br/>
It boasts some crazy defensive power when combined with Nana's [Paladin Shield], the Unique Skill god Karion loaned to her.<br/>
<br/>
"Lulu, wanna go back to the surface?"<br/>
"I'd love to practice in the 『Simulator』 for a little while more."<br/>
<br/>
Leaving the enthusiastic Sniper Lulu on the space ship, I went back to Solitary Island Palace where Aze-san waited.<br/>
Aze-san has mastered [Mythology Eater] and [Creat Lesser Fenrir] that Mia employs.<br/>
Aze-san isn't doing leveling up since she has an aversion to injuring living beings.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Monsters overflowing out of the Purple Towers around the capital?"<br/>
"Same with the Purple Towers around the Duchy Capital!"<br/>
"We have received reports from Rina-sama of Brighton City, they're currently engaged with monsters flowing out of Purple Towers. She earnestly hopes for reinforcements."<br/>
<br/>
The brownies were scurrying about everywhere in panic when I got back to Solitary Island Palace.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, it must be a stampede from Purple Towers all over the world!"<br/>
"Looks like it."<br/>
<br/>
Looks like our vacation is only for half a year.<br/>
<br/>
"All hands, prepare for battle!"<br/>
"""YES!""" "Nanodesu!"<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
※ Next update is planned for 9/8<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
