<br/>
<br/>
1-10. Let's Dance With the Demon! [Final Part]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Greetings from the battlefield, the commentator Suzuki Ichirou, will be sent off by me, Satou."<br/>
<br/>
Expect getting even more skills with increasing tension, Satou's here.<br/>
While pretending to be dead behind the mantle, I activate many skills but...<br/>
I didn't expect for it to cause a situation like that!<br/>
<br/>
Well then, let's start "Let's Dance With the Demon [Final Part]"!<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
I take out a two-handed sword from the shadow of my mantle.<br/>
At the same time, the magicians begin their counterattack, after waiting behind their formation.<br/>
<br/>
Fireball, Firestorm, Wind Blade, Lightning. 3 systematic magics assault the demon one after another, and it also lands on me who is seemingly petrified near the demon.<br/>
<br/>
Furthermore, more attacks come after a bit. Stone Bullet, Sandstorm, Water Ball, Snowstorm.<br/>
<br/>
The last one to arrive is simply a pillar of light piercing through heaven.<br/>
<br/>
>[Fire Magic Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Wind Magic Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Lightning Magic Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Fire Resistance Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Wind Resistance Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Earth Magic Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Water Magic Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Ice Magic Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Earth Resistance Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Water Resistance Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Ice Resistance Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Light Magic Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Light Resistance Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
The log flowed at a great speed.<br/>
<br/>
Maybe because of my level the damage isn't much, but unpleasant things are unpleasant.<br/>
<br/>
The demon seems to think the same, and returned lightning magic to the magicians lot.<br/>
Probably predicting it, the magicians defended with a barrier before the lightning hit.<br/>
<br/>
Already breaking apart from the magic earlier, I shatter the petrified mantle and shield.<br/>
<br/>
Being a bit away from the demon, I stand up and immediately jump to close the distance. Aiming at the demon's head I swing the two-handed sword.<br/>
Since the demon tilted his head, the full attack did not connect, but I succeeded in cutting one of his horn.<br/>
<br/>
>[Two-Handed Sword Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Helm Splitter Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Air Battle Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Weapon Destruction Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
The soldiers are looking over here while saying something.<br/>
They're probably surprised that someone who just got shot by barrages of magic could calmly fight.<br/>
<br/>
With my disheveled long blond hair swaying on the back and the silver mask reflecting the sunlight, I face the demon.<br/>
I thought that a hooded mantle would suffice, but it was a good decision to prepare additional disguises as an insurance.<br/>
<br/>
After receiving that much concentrated fire the demon finally suffered about 20% damage.<br/>
<br/>
I bear the two-handed sword to on my shoulder. I have no problem wielding it, but it's hard to balance my body due to the weight. It's good that I become younger and all, but since my body also became lighter it might be a minus in a battle.<br/>
<br/>
For now, the demon is too close to the magicians' base. If I don't somehow lead it away from the plaza…<br/>
<br/>
I don't want you to misunderstand me, this is not because some sort of heroism of not wanting any victims. The reason is quite selfish; they do damage the demon, however small it is, so it's troubling if they're all annihilated.<br/>
<br/>
The demon attacks during the gap where my thoughts derailed. Dashing on the ground, the poisonous claws rushed towards me!<br/>
<br/>
Even if tried to shake the demon off with the two-handed sword, it boldly closed the distance not letting me get away.<br/>
<br/>
I throw the two-handed sword at the demon to elude the poisonous claws, taking out a hatchet from the mantle and use it to cut the demon.<br/>
Because the hatchet stuck deeper than I thought, I left it there and avoided the demon's counter.<br/>
<br/>
>[One-Handed Axe Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
While empty-handed, I'm exchanging blow with the demon while retreating.<br/>
Sometimes, I pick up weapons dropped by the soldiers on the ground to add onto the attack. Since I haven't activate physical attack related skills, the damage I'm doing is small.<br/>
<br/>
Should I break the deadlock soon?<br/>
<br/>
Most knights have wounds all over the body, only a few of them are unhurt. There aren't any useless shots from the magicians either, seems that they ran out of magic power.<br/>
<br/>
Seemingly, it's not only me who thinks so, from the castle gate several horses come out pulling a cannon.<br/>
<br/>
I position myself to divert the demon's attention from the gate until the cannon finished setting up.<br/>
<br/>
When I get near the wreckages I draw the demon's attention, behind the wreckages, I switch my weapon. I put a blacksmith's hammer onto my waist, and wield a two-handed axe and a sledgehammer in each hand.<br/>
<br/>
It's not really practical but thanks to my maxed STR, I can wield it just fine. Maybe because I look ferocious, the demon's expression become unpleasant.<br/>
<br/>
I jump from behind the carriage. First let's strike with the sledgehammer!<br/>
The demon guarded to the right with both hands but without minding it I slashed from the opposite side with the two-handed axe.<br/>
The axe cut through, and the arm fell!<br/>
<br/>
...I remember, from some manga, about an episode of an arm that had been separated from the body attacking independently. Let's pay attention to that arm...<br/>
<br/>
>[Two-Handed Axe Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Two-Handed Hammer Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Dual Wielding Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Herculean Strength Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
Though it's a different story with a surprise attack, after all fighting using a sledgehammer with one hand is difficult, I fight single mindedly with the two-handed axe.<br/>
The cannon still isn't prepared yet.<br/>
<br/>
The demon inhale greatly.<br/>
Magic!<br/>
<br/>
I close the distance. But, that was a bad move.<br/>
<br/>
The demon let out an acid breath!<br/>
<br/>
Even though I've seen it once! I completely forgot that it has this kind of attack!<br/>
I guarded with the axe which immediately broke, the wig and the robe got terribly burnt.<br/>
"Ouch, ouch, ouch!"<br/>
<br/>
I go to the nearest cover, throw off the robe behind the bronze statue, and wear a new mantle. I wore commoner clothes underneath the robe yet there's also a large hole in it too.<br/>
<br/>
If the surface area of the axe wasn't big, my face would have burned...<br/>
<br/>
>[Decay Resistance Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Quick Dressing Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
I allocate [Decay Resistance] and [Quick Dressing] with skill points.<br/>
<br/>
I wonder what the variety for skills are, I want a wiki.<br/>
<br/>
Since the axe is no longer usable as a weapon, I throw it away; I try to strike once with the blacksmith hammer from my waist. Since it didn't seem very effective, I put it back when I got the skill.<br/>
<br/>
>[One-Handed Hammer Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Blacksmith Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
I think blacksmithing is quite different to this...<br/>
<br/>
Meanwhile, the cannon installation is complete, but it seems that it will require some time before it could fire.<br/>
<br/>
I pick up the sledgehammer which I discarded earlier.<br/>
Of course the demon doesn't let up his attacks, but whether it's because of the avoid skill, or because I'm getting used to fighting, I've reached the point where I have some margins in this fight.<br/>
<br/>
I should end this soon...<br/>
I allocate skill points to [One-Handed Sword].<br/>
<br/>
The cannon seems to be ready to fire. Magicians on both side of the cannon begin to to cast spells.<br/>
<br/>
The demon seems to be really worried about the cannon. Its putting up an air.<br/>
The demon charges toward the cannon during the gap when I avoided its tail attack!<br/>
<br/>
I discard the heavy sledgehammer, and pick up a sword lying on the way while chasing the demon.<br/>
<br/>
The demon, with agility belying that huge body, jumps over multiple soldiers who block the way.<br/>
The light soldier with spears immediately cover but they become prey to the poisonous claw.<br/>
<br/>
But the demon stopped.<br/>
<br/>
Just like the demon, I jump over the soldiers and cut one wing off the demon, then I pierce the sword to its leg and stitch it to the ground. After getting the sword skill, I could understand the principle of swordsmanship. The demon only has 30% remaining on its HP gauge.<br/>
Furthermore, I pull the only remaining arm of the demon to the ground.<br/>
I intersect the demon's arm to its leg, and with my free hand pick a spear left by the killed soldiers earlier to use it to crucify the demon on the ground.<br/>
<br/>
>[Fighting Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Capture Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
I look at the a person who looks like a commander besides the cannon who's measuring the timing to shoot the cannon.<br/>
<br/>
I fix the demon with another spear, and nodded there.<br/>
<br/>
The commander swing down his arm, at the same time, I jump off from the line of fire.<br/>
<br/>
The cannon shoots out a buckshot and innumerable wound appear on the demon's. Moreover, as a final blow, a magic combo like earlier struck.<br/>
<br/>
I wonder if the cannon can’t shoot multiple rounds, it didn't finish the dying demon. The magicians probably don't have enough magic power either, only three people cast spells.<br/>
<br/>
I could end it if I run there with the sword but let's give the honor of ending the demon's life to those guys. Like I said earlier, this is not out of goodwill; even if the opponent is a demon, I don't like killing with my own hand. It's really stupid, but I'm from society unrelated to violence since a long time ago... Even though I eat meat and fish, I shirk on killing.<br/>
<br/>
Putting that aside...<br/>
<br/>
The demon used the tattered hand freed from the stitch to lift up its body from the ground, raised a roar and destroyed the cannon with lightning magic. Is there no one who could use a barrier anymore?!<br/>
<br/>
Then the slightly late magicians use magic to shave the little of the demon's strength (HP).<br/>
Furthermore, the knights get off their horses and sidle up to the demon with their long swords ready.<br/>
<br/>
...It'll end after the encircling completely, huh. Amen~<br/>
<br/>
The end can already be seen, but the demon hasn't given up yet.<br/>
<br/>
The hand which has been restrained by the knights is thrust into its own chest, pulling out a dark red heart. The pulled heart is fast begin to pulse harder. Matching the violent movement, light overflow.<br/>
<br/>
The knights hurriedly try to destroy the heart, but they don't make it in time.<br/>
<br/>
With loud bursting sound, the heart breaks apart!<br/>
<br/>
When the light subsided, several magicians who set up barriers have become corpses in a heap. Only the lower half remaining of the demon's dead body. The ground is gouged in a fan shaped form following the demon's direction toward the castle gate, the gate itself has been partially destroyed.<br/>
<br/>
The demon's corpse falls apart and becomes black dust.<br/>
<br/>
I slip into the alley during the clamor and hide myself.<br/>
<br/>
>Title [Combat-Ready] Acquired<br/>
>Title [Skilled Warrior] Acquired<br/>
>Title [One Who Dances With Demons] Acquired<br/>
>Title [Hero] Acquired<br/>
<br/>
...I wonder if the last one is sarcasm.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Edited by : Fate Trooper<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
