<br/>
<br/>
1-4. Abandoned Village, Skill and Lost Child<br/>
"Hello, Suzuki's here. It's so lonely, I may die of loneliness."<br/>
<br/>
I truly, genuinely want a companion.<br/>
After reaching the highway, I got lost on the route; it's been 7 days since then and I still haven't reached a human habitat.<br/>
<br/>
Speaking of which, somehow I got these skills : [Sprint], [3 Dimensional Maneuver], [Jump], [Sing], [Camping] and [Washing].<br/>
However, those skills remain grey because I haven't allocated any points to them.<br/>
<br/>
I seemed to have learned [Sprint][3D Maneuver] and [Jump] after the second meteor shower, but overlooked it due to the confusion.<br/>
<br/>
When I was playing around with the gun, the map got in the way so I changed it and the log to icon view, then I noticed something. From the log it's written as place with bed and canopy but...<br/>
Isn't that a camping ground? I retorted myself.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Onto 8th day, I finally found a village-like place on the wide area map.<br/>
I sprinted to the village. However there's no presence of people according to the map. I wonder if they're taking refuge or got destroyed. No, they should've gone back if they were taking refuge, since it's been one week.<br/>
<br/>
Before long I reached the junction road heading to the village.<br/>
<br/>
There stood a crude guidepost on the roadside. A 1.5 meter commonly made stick nailed to the ground. The destination is written with something like ink.<br/>
<br/>
"I can't read it..."<br/>
<br/>
Something is written there, but I can't read it at all. At least, it's different from all the languages I recognize from the real world. In fact it looks like some sort of fictional writing from a game.<br/>
<br/>
I keep the map on maximum magnification, showing wide area.<br/>
While feeling slightly irritated for not being able to read the long awaited clue, I hit the junction on the map. There's no actual meaning to this action, but this time it seems to be a bull's eye.<br/>
<br/>
"'Welcome to Enikei Village','Seryu City 32Km','Until Kazo Kingdom 105Km'; I can read it! ...Or rather, it's in Japanese!"<br/>
<br/>
Pop up displays pile up above the map, each written in Japanese. Is this an effect of All Map Exploration? Cheers for opportunism.<br/>
<br/>
For the time being, Seryuu City seems to be the closest from here, but it's too plain.<br/>
<br/>
After all this time, let's go to the village first. I know that there's no one there, but I feel like I'm losing if I head straight on!<br/>
There might be some hidden quests there! If this is my dream, there must be one!!!<br/>
<br/>
The village comes into view on the other side of the field in just about 5 minutes. Between the narrow street extends fields that looks like they have been abandoned for about a year. It's a world of weeds.<br/>
<br/>
Even from a distance, I can distinguish that many house look burnt down. Every house has one thing in common; the roof is completely burned down.<br/>
<br/>
Judging from the position it seems to be a "Village Abandoned by the Attack of the Dragons".<br/>
<br/>
There are no bones lying around, but many things like harvest baskets, wooden hoes and various farming tools are scattered around as if they were left behind in hurry.<br/>
<br/>
As I stared at the tools lying around, though it's too exaggerated to call it a revelation, I got a little idea.<br/>
<br/>
"If I got washing skill from doing laundry. Maybe I'll get something if I dig some farm land?"<br/>
<br/>
I took the hoe and dug the farmland with it.<br/>
<br/>
>[Cultivation Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Farming Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
It appeared on the log as expected. Though I didn't expect cultivation to pop up.<br/>
In order to get better, I'll try many other things.<br/>
<br/>
Suddenly, I pluck what appears to be a vegetable peeping out between the weeds.<br/>
<br/>
>[Harvest Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
It's a bit fun.<br/>
Even so, it's easy mode, eh?<br/>
Come to think of it, what is this vegetable? Is it spinach, komatsuna? <TLN: Wiki it :p><br/>
I stared at it and AR message saying "Hisaya Grass, leaf vegetables. It's seldom eaten raw, usually processed as condiment or pickles." popped up on over the vegetables.<br/>
<br/>
Yep, it's convenient alright. Seems like this is a different function than the map search.<br/>
<br/>
Incidentally, I tried pulling out weeds.<br/>
<br/>
>[Weeding Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
I didn't cut it, I just pulled it.<br/>
<br/>
I went into something that looks like a windbreak, I take out an ax and chop down a suitable tree.<br/>
<br/>
>[Lumbering Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
I wonder what next? I feel like trying some ideas.<br/>
I write a mathematical formula on the ground with the hoe.<br/>
『1+1=2』, there.<br/>
<br/>
>[Arithmetic Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
Fumu, if this is OK then 『E=mc²』<br/>
<br/>
>[Lost Knowledge Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
The famous theory of relativity is a lost knowledge?<br/>
I'd rather get a flying skill or some such...<br/>
<br/>
This time I'm writing some random characters in Japanese. <TLN: henohenomoheji, google it :P><br/>
<br/>
>[Painting Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
Painter-san would be mad.<br/>
Next I wrote ○× alternatively which made it looks like a children's play.<br/>
<br/>
>[Game Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
Is anything fine?<br/>
<br/>
I begin trying one thing after another.<br/>
I tried shaving the burned wood on the back of a house with knife in the shape of a stick.<br/>
<br/>
>[Carpenter Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Weapon Creation Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
In addition, I wrap the stick with a leather I took out of the storage.<br/>
<br/>
>[Leather Craft Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
Making a makeshift broom I sweep it under my foot.<br/>
<br/>
>[Cleaning Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
I'm running out of material. When I tried to find more I discovered a cemetery with a native god shrine.<br/>
Since I grew up in the countryside, I inadvertently join hands as if praying for my grandmother.<br/>
I offered some jerky and poured some sake cup.<br/>
<br/>
>[Prayer Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Title: Devout Believer Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
Umu, I didn't intend to get a skill but...<br/>
<br/>
The material is dry already, I began to get tired of the skill acquiring, let's get out of the village.<br/>
It's sunset just as I depart on the highway.<br/>
I'm walking toward Seryuu City, according to the guidepost. After accustoming my eyes under the moonlight, in the dark, I sprint down the highway.<br/>
<br/>
When it's near dawn, the wide area map showed the whole Seryuu City. Of course, unlike Enikei Village it has a lot of people.<br/>
<TLN: Wut, it's only 30 Km away and you have enhanced speed...><br/>
<br/>
"Finally, finally civilization~~~"<br/>
<br/>
I cry while trembling with expectation of finally talking with people.<br/>
<br/>
....This is such a long dream. Don't you think so?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Edited by : Fate Trooper <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
