<br/>
<br/>
No, this is not an April Fools' joke. This is a legit 100%-true-to-the-source translation. I'm not talented enough to write fanfic. :/ <br/>
<br/>
4-10. The Night Before Departure<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. I like both lawful shops and shops in gray-zone.<br/>
But I'll pass on compensated dating, Satou's.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I take Arisa to the wagon. On the way there, I meet Martha-chan in the tavern, but she doesn't look particularly shy and offers me a meal.<br/>
Since I intend to eat outside with Liza and the girls, I decline.<br/>
<br/>
When we got to courtyard where the wagon is, the 4 girls are waiting while looking bored.<br/>
When Liza notices me coming, she comes as the representative.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, is it fine to put the luggage on board?"<br/>
"Let's see... Tomorrow, since we'll be picking more luggage from the merchant guild, let's do that tomorrow, but if we leave them here we'll be troubling the landlady huh."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa whispers to me when I'm still thinking about it.<br/>
<br/>
"Let's keep them in my Item Box? Don't you think that it's safer there?"<br/>
"There are only people we know now, so it's fine I guess."<br/>
<br/>
I instruct the girls to pile the luggage inside the wagon for now.<br/>
The three small girls get up to the wagon to receive the luggage. Since Pochi and Tama have  strength stat on par with two large adults, they handle the heavy preserved foods lightly. It looks as if this is some kind of magic show.<br/>
<br/>
Arisa and Lulu are sorting the goods inside.<br/>
Needless to say, I and Liza are in charge of uploading the luggage. Since it's wasteful to wear expensive clothes for heavy duty job, I change into ordinary clothes. It's a simple linen tunic.<br/>
<br/>
When we've finished loading the luggage, I made the girls beside Arisa to fetch water for 3 small barrels. One small barrel can hold 6 liter of water.<br/>
<br/>
"You don't really need to exclude Lulu. I've talked about my Item Box with Lulu, you know?"<br/>
<br/>
I'm afraid that someone would pick a fight with the beastkin girls if it's just them, so I ask Lulu to go with them.<br/>
<br/>
"For now, let's split the preserved foods in half for each to keep, I'll carry the magic tools. Probably no one would steal the learning cards so put it on the wagon, and let's leave the foods that were entrusted to Liza and the girls alone."<br/>
<br/>
"Kaay~", Arisa lightly said while storing the preserved foods into her Item Box. I also store the same amount.<br/>
<br/>
The preserved foods are jerkies, baked black breads, fried beans and dried sweet potatoes.<br/>
Others that are in the bag are wheat flours, root crops, rock salts, and various other groceries. Since leaves vegetables are likely to give stomachache, it seems that they didn't buy it.<br/>
<br/>
I've only noticed after doing this but...<br/>
<br/>
"I'd love baskets or boxes to sort things out."<br/>
"Yeah true, I also want some cushioning materials. If we leave this alone, the cookwares will be noisy when the wagon shakes."<br/>
"I want thin ropes too."<br/>
"Ropes? Ah, for airing clothes huh."<br/>
<br/>
"I think that having sturdy ropes is good."<br/>
<br/>
Liza who just came back from getting water suggested.<br/>
I can't imagine what it would be used for.<br/>
<br/>
"It's for draining blood from preys during the journey."<br/>
<br/>
Right, we need ropes to tie thieves who may appear.<br/>
<br/>
"You're such a philanthropist~ Thieves are thoroughly good-for-nothings and only bring harms, it's better to snatch away treasures from their hideout and annihilate them afterward. Even that famous thief-hunter girl said so you know~?"<br/>
<br/>
What kind of acquaintance is she?<br/>
So there's a person who's famous for that, what a dangerous world. <br/>
<br/>
"Are we not short on anything else?"<br/>
<br/>
Pochi raises her hand while standing on her tiptoes. Did Arisa taught her that?<br/>
<br/>
"Yes, Pochi-kun. Say it."<br/>
"A stool! I want one no desu~"<br/>
<br/>
When I ask in detail, she seems to have used a stool when she helped taking care of the horse. She's brimming with enthusiasm to take care of the horses during the journey too. She's really reliable.<br/>
<br/>
Tama also raises her hand in the same manner and says, "Brush~?". She tilts her body in troubling manner while raising her hand, cute.  It seems that she wants a tool to brush the horse and clean their hoofs.<br/>
Tools for taking care of the horses, I completely forget about them.<br/>
<br/>
Lulu also timidly raises her hand.<br/>
<br/>
"....U, umm.", Her face turn bright red just by saying that.<br/>
I wonder if it's something that embarrassing? I glance at Arisa... She winks back. Are you from Showa era!<br/>
<br/>
"I, I want a washboard and a bucket."<br/>
<br/>
Is that really embarrassing? I have them in the storage so I've forgotten about it, but it's certainly necessary.<br/>
<br/>
"If it's really possible, I want a mirror! I'm fine with hand-mirror size."<br/>
"Arisa, you're too extravagant."<br/>
<br/>
Liza firmly gives a warning to Arisa. It's unusual for Liza to give an opinion before I decide.<br/>
I wonder if it's expensive in this world? That reminds me, I don't think I've seen any glassware. But, I'm sure there were mirrors from polished metals.<br/>
<br/>
"I'd like to use one too, let's buy it if it's not too expensive."<br/>
"Yay."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa looks unusually happy without acting. Lulu is also smiling. Liza doesn't have any objection since it's my decision. Pochi and Tama... don't seem like they understand.<br/>
<br/>
It's decided that, tomorrow when I'm going to take the commodities from the guild, the five will buy the things we've just discussed.<br/>
<br/>
After changing clothes, we go out to eat together.<br/>
That day, we eat dinner at stalls not far away from the gate inn. Since we've been eating meats everyday, I order light soups, and soy bean breads.<br/>
Since Pochi and Tama look so sad while we're eating, I order meat skewers for four portions. It's Liza who looks the happiest somehow... but it's okay as long as they're happy.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Since I meet Yosagu-san who just come back from work on the way to the inn, we decide to advance the plan to go out during the night a day forward.<br/>
Arisa is saying, "Even though you have me, you adulterer~", but I make Liza to carry her like a luggage back to the inn.<br/>
<br/>
"Is that okay?"<br/>
"It's fine, she's just something like a little sister. The person herself thinks that she's a guardian though."<br/>
<br/>
The east district is crowded just like yesterday.<br/>
Yosagu-san, who's chewing a bought skewer from stalls, is greeting girls who are gathering under the outside light, while we press forward to the crowds.<br/>
<br/>
When I ask if they're his acquaintances, he says, "They're courtesans." They usually work as waitress and courtesan in the inn at the same time, but during the slave auction they seem to look for customers outside.<br/>
<br/>
Confirming from AR, a lot of them have [Sex Technique] skills. ...However, I'm anxious to see that a lot of them have various venereal diseases on the abnormal condition tab. Mostly are in [Incubation], but nearly 60% of them are suffering from it.<br/>
I wonder if it can't be healed with magic?<br/>
<br/>
We enter red light district and walk for a while. Metal plates of magical light are hung on the shops, illuminating them with cheap-looking light.<br/>
Most brothels are two story buildings with verandas on the second floor. Courtesans who wear expensive clothes with high exposures are lining up on the verandas trying to lure guests.<br/>
<br/>
When I look, they raise their skirts and show their bare legs then throw kisses. It's a feature every shop has, interesting.<br/>
The people who have [Sex Technique] increase, and proportionally the people who have Venereal Disease[Incubation] decrease for about 30%. As expected there is no one who has Venereal Disease [Diseased].<br/>
<br/>
"Young master, here's the shop. Let's enter quickly."<br/>
<br/>
Yosagu-san pulls me to the shop. This shop seems to be refined, there is no girls attracting guests on the veranda.<br/>
<br/>
When I enter, verandas are installed on the second floor high along the corridor. I lightly wave at the girl who I saw from outside there.<br/>
<br/>
The floor is made from bare wood, but it's well polished. Is it about 30 tatami wide? There are a stove, doors and a stair to the second floor inside. There are 4 rooms shielded with cloths on the left and right.<br/>
<br/>
"Welcome to the Seryuu Branch of Captivating Mansion."<br/>
<br/>
A woman in later half of her 40 come out from the back door while greeting us with penetrating voice. The woman is wearing a pink dress with excessive frills, but her fat is too self-asserting, her clothes looks like it'll burst apart at the seams.<br/>
<br/>
Guided by the woman, we go to one of the partitioned room.<br/>
It seems that this is a room for guests to wait for the girls, since it'd be awkward to meet acquaintances in a brothel. The obese shopkeeper sure knows her stuff.<br/>
<br/>
There are a sofa and three low quality marble tables inside the room. A girl of around 10 years old is standing by as a parlor maid.<br/>
<br/>
"Excuse me.", the girl puts small green sake cup in front of me and Yosagu-san. Transparent liquids are inside of them. It's a distilled liquor from the smell.<br/>
<br/>
According to the AR, the cups are made from jade. The liquor inside the cup is Shiga sake. It's a strong liquor with 50% alcohol content made from wheat.<br/>
<br/>
"Ku~ delicious!", Yosagu-san gulp the liquor in high spirit.<br/>
It seems that he forgot to drink this sake when he went to this shop before.<br/>
<br/>
The girl, is pouring the sake huh?<br/>
I sip it once as a social act. It certainly tastes good. It's like whiskey but transparent instead of amber-colored, I wonder if the processing is different?<br/>
<br/>
Before Yosagu-san had his third cup, the shopkeeper comes back with 5 girls.<br/>
<br/>
The first is the most beautiful girl with blond hair and blue eyes. With a small face, thin eyebrows, and strong-willed looking big pupils. Sticky-looking lips. Two large breasts that look like they would spill from the open chest clothes. Most likely, she's the most popular girl in this shop. She's 18 years old.<br/>
<br/>
The second and the third are twins. They're beautiful girls with black hairs and black eyes. Their most notable looks are their western, or rather, French style. One of them has smaller breast than the other, but it's still around C cup. It seems that there a lot of people who spend the night with the two of them together. Of course, the fee will be for two people. They're 16 years old.<br/>
<br/>
The fourth is a woman with droopy eyes. With dull blond hair and reddish brown pupils. Her eyebrows are thick, she's a gentle healing woman. Her breast is the biggest. It seems that there are a lot of repeaters for her. Her voice sounds mellow, it's comforting to hear. She's 21 years old, the oldest in this shop.<br/>
<br/>
The fifth is a girl with red hair and reddish brown pupils. She's pales in comparison with the other girls but she has the nicest expression.  She feels lively or rather, fascinatingly wholesomely erotic. Her breast size is average, but still around D cup. For me it's quite enough to be categorized as big breasts. 20 years old. She's the only person in this shop who doesn't has sex techniqu skill.<br/>
<br/>
Every girls are wearing thin one-piece sticking to their skins looking erotic. The chest and abdomen area are transparent, I cannot help but utter GJ.<br/>
<br/>
"Which girl will you choose?", the shopkeeper asked. Yosagu-san asked with his eyes, "Please don't hesitate to choose your favorite girl.", I said and he really did choose the most beautiful girl without hesitation.<br/>
I also aim her, but I'll yield here.<br/>
Yosagu-san drinks down the liquor left in the cup in one gulp, and leave the room with that girl. It seems that the second floor is for the guests to enjoy themselves.<br/>
<br/>
I was at loss for a bit, but I chose the fifth girl in the end.<br/>
The guest room only has a simple bed, but it's clean and smells good so I have no complaint.<br/>
<br/>
When we entered the room, the girl hurriedly took off her clothes and flaunted her body. I enjoy the feel of OPPAI liberated from the clothes, enjoying scooping them with my hands.<br/>
It's exactly the festival of OPPAI. Who was it who says that OPPAI contains man's dream?<br/>
<br/>
I hug her waist and we fall down to the bed. It's a mature woman's body after a long time, so I'm taking my time to carefully enjoy it ...in various ways.<br/>
<br/>
Though since the girl's reaction was good, I unintentionally gave too much service. Like this, I'm not sure who desire whom.<br/>
We enjoy ourselves until midnight. She faints from too much pleasure in the middle, so I stop.<br/>
<br/>
>[Sex Technique Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Lover's Talk Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Seduction Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
Apparently this body has too much stamina, the partner couldn't catch up. I use her breasts that I've enjoyed plentifully as pillows and depart to the world of dream.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
