<br/>
<br/>
4-1. Misunderstanding is a Spice for Love Comedy<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Satou's here. There's this thing called the butterfly dream, and I, who think that's it's better for it to be a dream, Satou.<br/>
<TLN: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zhuangzi_%28book%29#.22The_Butterfly_Dream.22><br/>
<br/>
Could I ever go back to the nostalgic world someday?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
From the window, I can hear the traffic's noise outside. Did I oversleep?<br/>
<br/>
I was able to obtain various knowledges yesterday, I also now understand Arisa's true color.<br/>
After the morning come, I've cooled off compared to the time when I knew that she bought herself with magic, and also, she has found out my true identity, so it would be dangerous to let her go.<br/>
I convince myself that she's a clue to go back to my original world. Strangling the neck of a little girl just to be certain, that kind of thing is impossible for me. I'd rather run away to the end of the world.<br/>
<br/>
While contemplating to lose myself to the warmth of the bed and go to sleep once again, the door opens with a bang.<br/>
There was no knock.<br/>
<br/>
"Satou-san, are you awake~?　Your lover has come~"<br/>
<br/>
Martha-chan sure is energetic this early. Behind her, "I, I'm not his lov...", is Zena-san who is trying to block Martha-chan's mouth while wa-wa-ing.<br/>
<br/>
"Good morning."<br/>
<br/>
While I might be a half-awake. I raise my upper half to greet them.<br/>
It's cold. I took off my robe after I had finished the business and went to sleep just like that, but... I see, the shirt I wore under the robe was peeled off by Arisa.<br/>
<br/>
"Oh, that's quite a good body~."<br/>
<br/>
Martha-chan gazes at the half-naked me interestingly. Zena-san is also looking from behind while blushing. <br/>
I thought she's accustomed with nude men as a soldier.<br/>
<br/>
"I'm sorry, for making you see such unsightly figure. I'll go change my clothes immediately."<br/>
<br/>
I place my hand on the bed while trying to get up. "Ahn♪"　...It's lukewarm.<br/>
When I look below, a half-naked little girl is there. My hand is attached to her naked chest... When did she crawl in?<br/>
Seeing me sleeping together with a little girl, Zena-san's face changes from red to blue.<br/>
<br/>
"...Master ...If you do that much ...I'll break."<br/>
<br/>
From over there, as if waiting for this timing, Lulu is sleep-talking.<br/>
Looking over there, probably because she tossed around in bed, she's sleeping sideway with her back facing here. Since her clothes is short, her cute ass is facing here... I realize that she doesn't wear an underwear.<br/>
Furthermore the sheet is stained red... Huh? I didn't attack her okay?<br/>
<br/>
"Fi, fi, filthy~~~~! Satou-san is an idiot~~~~!"<br/>
<br/>
Zena-san runs out of the room while crying.<br/>
Martha-chan scratches her head, "Sorry for disturbing~ Please take your time~", and she closes the door.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
This is the first time I've heard filthy in real life. It feels like someone's problem.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, if you have a clean cloth, could you give it to me? Lulu seems to have a period."<br/>
<br/>
I take out a piece of cloth from the bag.<br/>
<br/>
"Thank you. Leaving that aside, do you not chase her? If you don't go soon, you won't be able to fix the misunderstanding you know~"<br/>
<br/>
It's not like she's my girlfriend, but I'd hate it if a friend keep the unpleasant misunderstanding that I'm a lolicon.<br/>
<br/>
Looking at the radar, she's at the main street just outside of this inn. As expected of a soldier, she's fast. As she is, she'll pass this room after a bit.<br/>
...This skill is convenient, but it's scary if a stalker obtains it.<br/>
<br/>
While thinking stupid thing, I'm wearing the shirt on the floor, since I can't afford to jump out half-naked. It goes without saying that I have had my trousers since the beginning.<br/>
<br/>
Measuring the timing, I jump out from the window to the street.<br/>
I land to block Zena-san's route. I catch the surprised Zena-san, and disperse her momentum by rotating once.<br/>
<br/>
"Zena-san, it's a misunderstanding."<br/>
<br/>
"But, you're sleeping with such a cute girl!"<br/>
"She just got on the wrong bed when she was half-asleep."<br/>
<br/>
It's safe to sleep together since she's a child right?<br/>
I have been properly wearing trousers since yesterday. I want to strongly emphasize for my innocence.<br/>
<br/>
I'm not a lolicon!<br/>
<br/>
"There's also another girl with black hair! E, eu..."<br/>
"Do you mean the older sister with a bad sleeping posture, it seems to be her period."<br/>
<br/>
Zena-san finally weaken.<br/>
<br/>
"B, but, a man who buy slaves usually makes them attend in the night too, that is according to Lilio!"<br/>
<br/>
Damn you, co-worker Lilio.<br/>
<br/>
"That depend on the person. Those sisters are substitutes for maids you know? The beastkin girls are to act as guards, but they're not suitable for shopping."<br/>
<br/>
"...But"<br/>
<br/>
Even if she understands, her emotion still hasn't catch up huh?<br/>
If I say "If I intend to do that then I'd have bought a sexy woman." here, she'd likely be even more angry.<br/>
<br/>
"Today you're wearing something different from the one piece yesterday. There are a lot of neatly arranged frills, it's gorgeous. It's drawing out Zena-san's charm."<br/>
<br/>
At time like this, it's better to praise and leave her in haze.<br/>
Saying, "Such thing... It's just the clothes...", Zena-san shyly says while looking a bit happy.<br/>
<br/>
"It's lovely, but aren't you cold wearing light clothes?"<br/>
"No, Since I've trained myself, it's alright."<br/>
<br/>
That's not a line from a woman, Zena-san.<br/>
Here I should have take her under a man's arm and say "You'll be warm here"!<br/>
<br/>
"That's right, a shop just ahead is selling beautiful stoles. Why don't we see it together?"<br/>
"Is that true? I'll go!"<br/>
<br/>
Yosh, I've successfully steered the conversation off the course.<br/>
Then, after comparing several dozens of stoles and shawl, and I give her the pink stole she chooses herself as a present, her mood has completely back to normal.<br/>
Woman's shopping sure is long eh?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
When we got back to the inn, Arisa is calling me from somewhere slightly apart from the stable.<br/>
<br/>
"Welcome back, master. I'm glad that the misunderstanding seems to have been resolved."<br/>
<br/>
The main culprit is saying it like it's not her problem, gets a poke on her forehead.<br/>
<br/>
"I'm home, what are you doing on a place like this?"<br/>
"We're asking Liza-san to share her breads since we were hungry."<br/>
"So you've finished eating?"<br/>
"Yup, Lulu is still eating inside. She seems to lack appetite..."<br/>
<br/>
I see, for a slow person, smoked meat is probably painful. I hand Arisa several pieces of copper coins and tell her to buy some fruits.<br/>
<br/>
I go back to my room for a change of clothes.<br/>
Zena-san is waiting at the inn bar in the first floor while drinking fruit juice.<br/>
<br/>
Back in the room, I pour water to the copper basin on the table from the Hell Water Jug, and use it to wash my face. Since there doesn't seem to be any bed hair, I wet my hand for a bit and use it to comb my hair. Let's look for hairdresser in this world next time.<br/>
<br/>
I change into a clean robe, and put on a new boots. When I'm tying my boots, I found a dried-up fruit.<br/>
Did Arisa throw this? Although, Martha-chan will clean it even if I leave it alone, I put it inside the storage since there's something that I have something in mind.<br/>
That remind me, I try to take out the 『Piping Hot Meal』 I put inside it during the first day I came here. It remains piping hot. I bite it after confirming that it's not rotten with appraisal. The taste also remain as it was.<br/>
『Piping Hot Meal』 and 『Dried-up Fruit』. Since it's interesting, let's test something out.<br/>
I allocate 1 skill point to Item Box skill and activate it. I store the remaining 『Piping Hot Meal』 inside it.<br/>
Since I likely will forget about it again, I put a note on the Notebook inside the Exchange tab.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Thank you for waiting, Zena-san."<br/>
"Don't worry, I was just having a chat with Martha-chan."<br/>
<br/>
"This nuisance will disappear~.", and so Martha-chan goes back to work.<br/>
<br/>
In her place, Arisa, Liza and the others are coming back, I call them.<br/>
<br/>
Lulu doesn't look too well so she return to the room. I ask for a passing-by maid to bring water to the room, and give her few copper coins for tips.<br/>
<br/>
I go outside with Zena-san, bringing Arisa, Liza and the others.<br/>
Putting 10 silver coins in a small bag, I give it to Arisa to buy their change of clothes and other daily necessities.<br/>
Liza and the others will act as guards and luggage carriers.<br/>
<br/>
"Master, is it okay to use the extra changes money for sweets?"<br/>
"As long as it's only as far as 1 big copper coin, it's okay. Since that include for lunch, don't use it all for snacks."<br/>
<br/>
"Yee~s", Arisa departs to the east street while saying so. Pochi and Tama are going along on both her sides, she looks like a children gang boss. Liza who follows from behind is looking like a parent.<br/>
<br/>
"She's a very affable slave isn't she?"<br/>
"I don't know if that attitude is fit for a slave, but that girl is an easy-going person."<br/>
<br/>
I don't know how a slave should appropriately act, but if she keeps being that exaggerated to her surrounding, I'm confident that she'd become a failure of a human being later.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Since the weather is quite nice, we decided to take a walk together to a park nearby while chatting.<br/>
<br/>
"Are you off-duty today?"<br/>
"No, I will have a duty this afternoon."<br/>
"Didn't you also have a night duty just yesterday?"<br/>
"That's right, we don't have enough personnels so a half-day holiday is all I could get."<br/>
<br/>
Hmm?　You came to meet me despite being that busy?　I can't imagine that she has fallen that hard, does she have other business?<br/>
<br/>
"No, it's nothing really important... It was the first experience of real battle for some people in the army, so to calm their heart..."<br/>
<br/>
I see, come to think of it, even if it was something that wouldn't endanger my life, I was curiously calm.<br/>
<br/>
Although there's some lingering memories from the battle yesterday...<br/>
<br/>
No, even while fighting and after the fight with the demon, I was fine, Was it because it didn't feel real?<br/>
<br/>
And even though I have slaughtered an entire community of race similar to Liza, I don't feel even the slightest guilt, why is that?<br/>
<br/>
I wonder if it's an effect of an unknown Special Abilty?<br/>
<br/>
Questions are whirling around in my mind...<br/>
<br/>
And it's going in circle.<br/>
<br/>
A fluffy fragrance tickles my nose. When I raise my eyes, there's a face of worried Zena-san.<br/>
<br/>
"Are you alright? Satou-san."<br/>
"I'm sorry, my thought just wandered off for a bit. I'm alright."<br/>
<br/>
Even if I think this alone, the answer won't come, guess I'll consult with Arisa tonight...<br/>
<br/>
Then, I ask Zena-san to help me practice spell chanting in the park, but since I couldn't concentrate, it's not working.  Even still, I continue the chanting practice as if running away from something. Zena-san patiently guides the me who was like that. It lasts until Zena-san's off-duty time is over in the afternoon...<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
