<br/>
<br/>
4-2. Little Girls Shopping<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Okay~ Here we go~. Everyone, follow me~."<br/>
<br/>
In accordance with Arisa's command, Pochi and Tama follow along. Arisa talks as if she's not a slave but a master. I can't possibly do it, but I'm not thinking of doing it either.<br/>
Even if master allow it, as a slave I shouldn't intervene...<br/>
<br/>
"First of all, it's underwear! So what kind of underwear you girls are wearing?"<br/>
<br/>
While saying so, Arisa roll up Pochi's mantle and skirt to confirm. Even if she's from different race and a girl, I think she should be more discreet, but I wonder if it's fine since she's still a kid?<br/>
<br/>
"You're lying~ You're not wearing one! Don't tell me, you too Liza-san?"<br/>
"Yes, I'm not wearing an underwear."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa says, "I can't believe this~", exaggeratedly with both her hands inter-lapping on her open mouth. It's some kind of expression, but since we are from different races, we don't really understand it.<br/>
<br/>
"We will buy underwears for everyone~ Now, let's go!"<br/>
"Oou~."<br/>
"Oou~, nano desu~."<br/>
<br/>
Seemingly forgetting something, Arisa lead Tama and Pochi by hands while walking together. Since the 3 of them are children, they could become preys for pickpocket or crime, so I follow along closely.<br/>
<br/>
"Still, this country's underwear is knicker too. I guess I have to make it myself If I want cute shorts or bra~"<br/>
<br/>
She seems to be dissatisfied with the selections of the shop. I don't understand the lingo, but maybe it's a type of underwear?<br/>
<br/>
"It's better than having no panties I guess, Liza-san, I'm sorry for a bit."<br/>
<br/>
After saying so, Arisa hugs my waist. Apparently she's measuring the size.<br/>
<br/>
"Uncle, please give me 9 of this size, and 3 for this and that. How much is it?"<br/>
<br/>
She confidently tries to bargain the 10 big copper coins price the shokeeper named, and she drives it down to 6 big copper coins. Furthermore she also gets 5 decoration strings as bonus. Does she have negotiation and haggling skill?<br/>
No wonder she was entrusted for shopping by master.<br/>
<br/>
The 15 pieces of underwears are put into a bag. Physical labor is my role.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Kuh~ I'm losing to the sweet smells~."<br/>
"Smells good~."<br/>
"Nano desu~."<br/>
<br/>
I stop the three people who are unsteadily going toward the stall with sweet smell and we go back to shopping. While she seems reliable, she is still a child after all.<br/>
<br/>
"Wonder what's available for the clothings~?　The materials are from linen or cotton huh~ Uwa, there are clothes from knitted grass too!　Everyone, what kind of clothes do you like?"<br/>
<br/>
Pochi and Tama are at loss. These girls have never choose their clothes before. I have custom ordered a clothes only once when I was still with my tribe, but beside that I normally got used clothes from other people. She probably comes from a wealthy family.<br/>
<br/>
"I don't mind what kind, as long as it's wearable. Since I'm fighting with spear, a sturdy clothes would be good."<br/>
<br/>
"I see, let's look for a clothes for warrior that looks cute!　I'm burning!"<br/>
"Burning~"<br/>
"Nano desu~"<br/>
<br/>
I think it doesn't need to be cute, but not only Arisa, Poch and Tama look happy too. They're probably swept apart by the atmosphere.<br/>
<br/>
"This, how about this one piece? The chartreuse green color is quite pretty, and this cuff's decoration is cute too~ Furthermore the back is open, so when you brush your hair up, you can seduce a man with one blow~."<br/>
"Arisa, I'm happy that you're looking clothes for me, but I'm picking this tunic and pants. It looks easy to fight with and the fabric is thick so it'll last long."<br/>
<br/>
She seems to dislike my choice, Arisa scratch her head which is covered with mantle. Putting us demi-human aside, why is a human like her hide her head with mantle? It's mysterious.<br/>
<br/>
In the end, besides Arisa, everyone bought two sets of tunics and trousers, and a one piece recommended by Arisa.<br/>
<br/>
"Arisa, we're satisfied with just one set of clothes. I don't want to waste master's money..."<br/>
"It's not a waste! If we dress too poorly, we're disgracing master!　There's no need for flashy clothes, but we do need the the change of clothes!"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa firmly declares. A girl from the same race of master insisting to this far. It surely is necessary then.<br/>
<br/>
We bought from 4 stalls, and as one would expect, 15 pieces of clothes are bulky.<br/>
Since it wasn't going to fit on the bag, we bought rucksacks for each person to hold their own shares. Of course I'm carrying the shares of Lulu, who's sleeping in the inn.<br/>
<br/>
We spent 4 silver coins and 2 big copper coins so far. Is it alright for slaves to spend this much money?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Next, it's shoes~."<br/>
"Shoes~?"<br/>
"We have shoes no desu."<br/>
<br/>
Tama tilted her head, Pochi pointed at her own sandals-wearing feet.<br/>
It's not limited for slaves like us, even normal poor citizens don't wear shoes.<br/>
<br/>
"Don't you think spare shoes is a bit too luxurious?"<br/>
<br/>
We're spending large amount money like it's normal. I'm afraid that it's too extravagance. I don't mind if I'm punished, but when I think that master would be disgusted of me, my heart freezes.<br/>
<br/>
"If you use your body to fight, then sandals is dangerous you know? Boots or at least shoes from thick leather is better."<br/>
<br/>
"Our skins are sturdy, so it will be fine."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa shook her head.<br/>
<br/>
"Biting insect, and among them some have poison, creatures like that exist. If your soles got injured, even if you're a hero, you could still die!　Therefore, we should buy shoes."<br/>
<br/>
She is push-fully going to the store, but the shopkeepers refuses.<br/>
Arisa tries to force through, but the shopkeeper doesn't seem that he's going to compromise.<br/>
<br/>
"Why can't we!"<br/>
"Who want to touch demi-human foot! These guys are just right barefooted. You're obstructing my business, go away!"<br/>
<br/>
Since he's going to thrust away Arisa, I lift her from behind. The shopkeeper's fist hit my stomach, but the power is too weak, it doesn't hurt at all.<br/>
<br/>
After spending time in labyrinth together with master, it seems that I've become strong.<br/>
<br/>
If allowed, I would like to fight in the labyrinth with master again. That frog's grilled meat was delicious ...No, this isn't for the sake of grilled meat at all. I was happy to be helpful in the labyrinth.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Now then~ I've pulled myself together, next is general goods!"<br/>
"Goods~."<br/>
"Goods nano desu~."<br/>
<br/>
I wonder if Pochi and Tama understand what general goods are...<br/>
<br/>
"Arisa, what kind of things are we buying? If it's tablewares or cookwares then we have it to some extent."<br/>
"Is that so~ then, let's omit things that I have and unlikely to be needed."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa is citing the goods as if singing. <br/>
<br/>
"I wonder what's available~ comb, hand-mirror, cup, flask, sewing needles, threads, cloth scissor, towel, pen and ink, and paper, I guess."<br/>
<br/>
"Arisa, isn't hand mirror too expensive? Beside, what do you want the sewing kit and writing tools for?"<br/>
<br/>
"Writing tools are a request from master. The sewing kit is going to be used by me. Since I was a self-sufficient cosplayer back then, even without skills, I could use sewing kit~ I could even make cute underwear and period-related clothing~."<br/>
<br/>
We've finished gathering general goods from various shops, but we didn't buy hand-mirror in the end. Hand-mirror was exactly 3 silver coins. Even after Arisa tried to haggle it, it's still over our budget.<br/>
<br/>
She readily gives up on buying the scissor and needle, but she only gives up on the hand mirror after terribly hesitating about it.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Alright, mission complete~ Next is the long-awaited snacks~"<br/>
"Snacks~　Meat~."<br/>
"Meat~ Nano desu~."<br/>
"Even though we've just had breakfast in the morning, we're having another meal?"<br/>
<br/>
I thought meals are only for morning and evening, is it different for her?<br/>
Certainly we had many meals in the labyrinth, but that was special occasions to recover our strength that had been sapped by continuous fights.<br/>
<br/>
"Sweets are needed for cultural life!"<br/>
<br/>
Master has allowed it, let's not oppose it too much.<br/>
Even while we're choosing foods from the stalls, she didn't forget to pick fruits for Lulu. Since Lulu seems to be her big sister, she's a good little sister who thinks of her sibling.<br/>
<br/>
"Everyone, what do you want to eat?"<br/>
"Meat~!"<br/>
"Meat!"<br/>
"Meat is nice."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa becomes to look a bit disappointed.<br/>
I think there is nothing more delicious than meat, is it different for human race?<br/>
<br/>
"What kind of meat?"<br/>
"The one with skewer~"<br/>
"Meat stick on bones nano desu~"<br/>
"I'd like roasted bird's leg meat."<br/>
<br/>
After listening to our opinions, Arisa declares.<br/>
<br/>
"Alright, since the budget is aplenty, let's go in turn~."<br/>
<br/>
After that, it's the time of bliss. With moderate salt and oil, brimming with good smells, the grilled mountain mutton meats, I don't understand which kind is it, but it's meat attached to bone having chewing texture out of this world, it taste a bit like grilled chicken meat. Meat is wonderful after all.<br/>
<br/>
Lastly, I tried eating the sweet paste recommended by Arisa, but it's inferior to meat. Human race sense of taste is different after all?<br/>
<br/>
Even before I became a slave, I could only eat meat during a festival and it was fish meat. When I think about it, I'm lucky to be master's slave.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
