<br/>
<br/>
4-8. Demon Lord Season<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. I love cherry blossom season.<br/>
<br/>
The dancing falling petals, and the cheerful people welcoming new life. <br/>
<br/>
I like how there are many fireworks too~<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Demon lord you say, the kind that wants to rule the world?"<br/>
"Yes the one who wants to destroy the world."<br/>
<br/>
"Where is it coming from?"<br/>
"I don't know, maybe hell?"<br/>
<br/>
Hell huh~.<br/>
<br/>
"Don't look at me with those eyes~ From what was written in the book, it's said that they're invaders from foreign world."<br/>
"Is foreign world different from another world?"<br/>
"I'm not a scholar so I don't know."<br/>
<br/>
That's right huh, let's ask a scholar next time.<br/>
<br/>
"Is that 66 years cycle thing true?"<br/>
"Yep, there are records where the demon lord appear a bit sooner or later, but they generally seem to appear in 66 years."<br/>
"So, it has almost been 66 years now?"<br/>
"It was 62 years ago since the last demon lord, but seems that it has been stealthily gaining power while in hiding.  Since the demon lord before the last appeared 132 years ago, it wouldn't be strange if the current demon lord appears any day now."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa frowns forming duck mouth. The beautiful little girl look is ruined.<br/>
<br/>
"I see, any sign for its coming?"<br/>
"If the world is in crisis, the god will tell it to the oracle~."<br/>
<br/>
As expected of fantasy.<br/>
<br/>
"However if we wait for the oracle then there wouldn't be enough time to raise the hero, so around 3-5 years before the 66 years cycle, they summon the hero."<br/>
<br/>
With that kind of period, it's no wonder that countries will have a lot of time in their hand to prepare.<br/>
<br/>
"Do we know the location where the demon lord will spawn?"<br/>
"It seems that they mostly appear in labyrinths or the outskirts around it"<br/>
<br/>
Labyrinth again...<br/>
<br/>
"According to the book I read, it may be because it's easy for the demon lord to raise armies there since there are earth veins deep inside labyrinth."<br/>
"Couldn't it just attack head-on without raising armies?"<br/>
"Who knows? Maybe the cost to cross between worlds is great. This is based only from circumstantial evidence, but it seems that only high level demons and the demon lord are able to cross worlds."<br/>
<br/>
So the weak can't cross between worlds?<br/>
Or rather, if they could appear in the vicinity of labyrinth then.<br/>
<br/>
"Then, this Seryuu city is in danger too..."<br/>
"Absolutely not."<br/>
<br/>
Arisa nods with serious look.<br/>
<br/>
"You're very sure."<br/>
"Because, this place is close to the Dragon Valley right? If they appear in a place like this, they will be exterminated by hordes of dragons. The legend even says that there's a Dragon God there."<br/>
<br/>
"Are dragons and the demon lord in bad term?"<br/>
"They're natural enemies. Normal dragons wouldn't be a match for the demon lord but if it's from sub-divine class like heavenly dragon, then the dragon is stronger for sure."<br/>
<br/>
Dragons are amazing.<br/>
The threat of demon lord should be resolved if we just put one heavenly dragon near the labyrinth but...<br/>
<br/>
"If the dragons are that strong then why would they even bother summoning a hero from another world?"<br/>
"That's because~ The battle between dragons(.) and the demon lord(.) is too incredible. From songs sang by minstrel about the hero from long ago, there's a story where the hero is defeated by the demon lord. After that, the demon lord destroyed several small countries and met a dragon. The demon lord was defeated in the end but the battle made two great countries sunk into sea of flames.  From the rumor said by the minstrel, even the large empire that preceded Saga empire perished because it got mixed up in the fight between the dragon and the demon lord."<br/>
<br/>
I see now~ It's like eliminating a robber with a ballistic missile huh.<br/>
<br/>
According to Arisa, there was once a labyrinth which the dragon encamped. However, from human's viewpoint, both dragon and demon lord were threats, so they made the hero at that time to fight it. It's unknown which one won, but it's known that there are no labyrinths encamped by dragons right now.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The demon which appeared in Seryuu city might have come to check on the situation of the dragon.<br/>
<br/>
If the fact that the dragons are no more then this city might become the target of the demon lord.<br/>
I bring the subject to Arisa.<br/>
<br/>
"Even excluding the dragon, wouldn't it be 100 years before this city become a target?"<br/>
"Why?"<br/>
"The labyrinth is growing. It gives birth to monsters and sucks on the life of the adventurers who come seeking the magic core to grow. When the labyrinth vastly deepened, the monsters also become much stronger."<br/>
"I see... a young labyrinth isn't good enough for the demon lord."<br/>
<br/>
Hmm? Wait...<br/>
<br/>
"Hey, by any chance, are labyrinths tools for demon lord raid?"<br/>
"Well yes, there are some who think that."<br/>
"Then, isn't it better to destroy the labyrinth?"<br/>
<br/>
If we destroy the labyrinth (Spawn Point) then the demon lord will have fewer army forces and the hero's job will get way easier isn't it?<br/>
<br/>
"That may be so, but there are 6 labyrinths in this continent beside the one here. Suppose the probability of demon lord appearing in each labyrinth is equal, in 400 years, it was recognized as calamity whether or not it appeared. Furthermore, since the labyrinth produces usable materials like magic cores, people treat it as if it's a mine."<br/>
<br/>
"I see, if we destroy it then people will hold grudges huh."<br/>
"Yes, Kubooku kingom was the leader of the small countries in neighborhood during the time when its labyrinth was alive, but when they destroyed the Dungeon Core, they rapidly declined."<br/>
<br/>
"Could the destroyed Dungeon Core be revived?"<br/>
"Isn't that so?　I wasn't around when they performed the ritual so I don't know the detail though."<br/>
<br/>
So the labyrinth is appealing enough for people to even perform such an abominable ritual...<br/>
The saying that human greed knows no bounds is really true~<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Still, you sure know a lot, Arisa."<br/>
"Now you're saying that after thoroughly questioning me?"<br/>
<br/>
Arisa is amazed. I was sure that she would have said, "You can revere me more~", but if we have Arisa test, then she had failed.<br/>
<br/>
"There were a lot of documents pertaining to the labyrinth in the storehouse of the royal family. The explanations earlier may contain deduction and hypothesis, so take heed okay?"<br/>
<br/>
She's good at delivering flood of information. ...I'm nearly drowning from it though.<br/>
<br/>
"I got the things about the demon lord and hero from books, documents, minstrels and storytellers' song tales. That's why the fiction and non-fiction may got mixed up. I did carefully examined it though~."<br/>
<br/>
It seems that those were popular as entertainments.<br/>
<br/>
"As for the details about skills and levels, they're from my own experience and the result of observation."<br/>
<br/>
"Is that all you want to know?", she cutely tilts her head. Her figure is such that it would have stirred me with a craving to protect her if I didn't know her true nature. <br/>
<br/>
"That's right, I forgot to ask anyone this, how many days is a year?"<br/>
<br/>
According to Arisa, 1 year is 10 months, 1 month is 30 days. There is no concept of week, a month is divided by 3 part consisting of upper moon, middle moon and lower moon.<br/>
<br/>
By the way I thought that my clock is off by 4 hours but now I know that one day is 28 hours here.<br/>
Compared to yearly unit, this world system is shorter for about 4%.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Since there are still two hours before sunset, I ask Arisa and the girls to buy necessities for our journey.<br/>
<br/>
"Then I'm counting on you to shop for rock salt and preserved foods. Also buy two barrels for water."<br/>
<br/>
"Ye~s.", "Shopping~?", "Nano desu.", I received lively replies.<br/>
<br/>
"For how many days of shares should we buy?"<br/>
"Buy the shares for 10 days. Considering the season right now, normal foods should be fine for the first 3 days. The preserved foods shouldn't expire for 240 days, is it about right?　Seems that we would need quite an amount."<br/>
"I'll ask Martha-cchi if there is any wholesale shop around. And, since we probably wouldn't be able to carry it, I'll ask for delivery."<br/>
"Yeah, please do."<br/>
<br/>
She's reliable at the time for shopping.<br/>
<br/>
I'd be glad to accompany them, but I decide to go back to the room because there is something that I want to confirm.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
There's something that I didn't tell Arisa.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Dragons are natural enemies of demons.<br/>
<br/>
Demons want to eliminate dragons.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Who summoned me to this world?<br/>
<br/>
For what reason did I get summoned to this world?<br/>
<br/>
Why do my power have discrepancies with those of the heroes?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Yes, I am,<br/>
<br/>
"The one who summoned me might be the demon or the demon lord is it...."<br/>
<br/>
Those words weren't questions...<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
