<br/>
<br/>
5-13. Maze of Trazayuya (4)<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. Whenever I played a game for the first time I never skip any event until the end, maybe because my job was making games.<br/>
If the game is not to my liking, I didn't enjoy it until the end and went to dispose it on a second-hand store, Satou.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Kusukusukusu, it's a failure huh."<br/>
"Yup, a failure."<br/>
<br/>
Two purple lights emerge from the crumbled remains of Zen.<br/>
<br/>
"Goodbye, hero."<br/>
"This is your victory."<br/>
<br/>
I reflexively cut those lights with the holy sword since I feel evil intent from them. However, the lights which had been scattered away gather themselves back and rise into the sky.<br/>
<br/>
"Let's meet again."<br/>
"See you."<br/>
<br/>
The lights penetrate the ceiling and disappear before long.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Were those angels? I felt maliciousness from them though.<br/>
But, I don't have the leisure to think about it. Because--<br/>
<br/>
『System Message. This maze will begin to enter into self-destruct sequence. The staff members and trainee are to escape immediately. I repeat』<br/>
<br/>
---I heard that announcement.<br/>
I rush to Mia and make her who's still unconscious to drink magic potion with restorative effect. Since the medicine hasn't been tested, I give her one third at a time. She wakes up exactly with one bottle.<br/>
<br/>
"Mia, do you recognize me?"<br/>
"...Onii-chan?"<br/>
<br/>
I am not.<br/>
Mia's blurred eyes become focused.<br/>
<br/>
"Here is?"<br/>
"The master room of Trazayuya Maze."<br/>
<br/>
Hearing me, Mia hurriedly look for the magician.<br/>
<br/>
"It's alright, he is no more. He won't show up in front of you anymore."<br/>
"Really?"<br/>
"Yes really."<br/>
<br/>
This is not the time to have a carefree talk like this.<br/>
<br/>
『The self-destruct sequence has been executed. The staff members and trainee are to escape immediately.』<br/>
<br/>
I have to stop it quickly.<br/>
<br/>
"Mia, can you stop this maze from self-destructing?"<br/>
"I'll try."<br/>
<br/>
Mia unsteadily walks to the operation board.<br/>
She tries to operate something for a while, but then she shakes her head.<br/>
<br/>
"Impossible."<br/>
<br/>
She gave up fast.<br/>
<br/>
After asking for more detail from Mia, it seems that every functions has been locked somehow. So it's helpless even for the maze's master.<br/>
<br/>
I somehow know that this maze would explode if I destroy the maze core. Let's bet on my physical strength and escape by running then.<br/>
<br/>
I carry Mia who has given up and staring at the floor under my arm.<br/>
<br/>
"This will be dangerous, so hold me tight."<br/>
<br/>
Without looking at Mia who's nodding, I run.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I'm running through the passage.<br/>
<br/>
Running.<br/>
<br/>
And running.<br/>
<br/>
At first, Mia was screaming loudly but she falls into silent now. It seems that she has fainted.<br/>
I mow down skeletons or ants which came out from time to time and continue to run. It's a bit tough to protect Mia from the falling debris.<br/>
<br/>
We finally get to midway, the central room.<br/>
<br/>
Inside the room, I take the still unconscious big-breasted beautiful woman (Homonculus) on my shoulder, on the opposite side where I hold Mia.<br/>
<br/>
Even though I couldn't save her friends, I'll save one even for my own self-satisfaction.<br/>
I'm a hypocrite if I do say so myself.<br/>
<br/>
Even after carrying more luggages, my speed isn't falling. It just becomes a bit hard to keep the balance.<br/>
I jump through the trompe l'oeil stair with one leap.<br/>
<br/>
Okay, it's just 4 levels left.<br/>
<br/>
When I got there, I could feel vibration and hear thick explosion sounds from the depth.<br/>
<br/>
『System Message, the Subsystem has been activated. The Maze Core has lost its power to support facilities due to entering self-destruct sequence. This maze will self-destruct soon. The staff members and trainee are to escape immediately. I repeat』<br/>
<br/>
While listening to that robotic voice, my feet aren't stopping.<br/>
<br/>
Damn, if there's a subsystem, then couldn't we stop the self-destruct there?　If only the map has the control room written or something.<br/>
<br/>
I'm feeling eerie vibration from my feet, maybe the collapse is starting.<br/>
<br/>
3 levels left.<br/>
<br/>
A block falls in front of my eyes.<br/>
Without losing my momentum, I kick the falling block and make it flies to the other side.<br/>
<br/>
I couldn't keep Mia and the woman unhurt while doing that kind of acrobatic feat. I'll let you two drink as many potions as you want when we get out so please bear with it for now.<br/>
<br/>
2 levels left.<br/>
<br/>
An especially strong vibration occurs, and makes the passage's turn just ahead to cave-in.<br/>
I look back the opposite side, but the upper level has collapsed too, blocking the path.<br/>
<br/>
And, the ceiling here is also collapsing.<br/>
<br/>
I put Mia and the woman on the ground near my feet.<br/>
<br/>
I hold the ceiling with both my hands, but the ceiling breaks facing my crushing power. I protect Mia and the woman from the falling fragments.<br/>
Do we have no choice but to get buried like this?<br/>
<br/>
A piece of the falling debris hits Mia. Mia's health decreases by 10%. The woman also only has 30% remaining.<br/>
<br/>
『The trainee's health has decreased. In accordance to the top priority of training program, ejecting the trainee outside the maze. Other trainees are to be separated from the particular trainee as to not get dragged into the teleportation.』<br/>
<br/>
Is this what the Trazayuya guy mean in his memo?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The three of us succeeded escaping with the safety program for trainee (elf).<br/>
I'm apologizing for making fun of the over protectiveness inside my mind.<br/>
<br/>
I make Mia to drink the homemade potion. I let the woman drinks one too while I'm at it. The AR shows that the woman only has No.7 on its name's row. She doesn't have an actual name huh.<br/>
<br/>
I recognize this place but I'll check the map just to be sure. It's near the place where I got out of the Trazayuya maze master room.<br/>
I see a cliff with water strongly gushing out of it. That's probably water overflowing from the underground lake.<br/>
The water flow becomes weak while I look at it, so I jump to the cliff and check on the map.<br/>
There may be someone who needs help.<br/>
<br/>
According to the map, the survivors are me and one other. Slime-kun lives on it seems. There's no other survivor huh.<br/>
<br/>
But in just a moment, the slime's HP is exhausted.<br/>
Rest in peace.<br/>
<br/>
Right at that time.<br/>
<br/>
The log begins to flow with great speed.<br/>
This hasn't happened since the time with meteor shower.<br/>
<br/>
I scroll through the loot on the log. "Defeated all enemies on the map" is written there. I see, so this is the condition to trigger <<Automatic Loot>>.<br/>
<br/>
There is no [Source] thing this time.<br/>
<br/>
I move all the new loot to Trazayuya Maze folder.<br/>
Most of them are the remains of monsters and broken machineries.<br/>
There are also several magic books, they're probably magician Zen's belonging right?<br/>
<br/>
Since the vibration still continue, the collapse probably is still continuing, I go back to where Mia and the woman are.<br/>
<br/>
>Title [Survivor] Acquired<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
