<br/>
<br/>
5-4. Flying Ants (1)<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Satou's here. A member of society with workaholic tendency, Satou.<br/>
<br/>
It's not like I can't understand when people liken hard workers with ants, but I don't want to get along with dog-sized ants.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I know from the radar that there is one flying ant coming here. Since there is a considerable speed difference, it's just a matter of time before it catches up.<br/>
<br/>
"Lulu, evacuate from the coachman stand. Arisa, are you confident with your aim using the stun magics you mentioned earlier?"<br/>
"As long as the range is within 20 meters, it's fine."<br/>
<br/>
I take out a cane from the back of the wagon-actually I take it from the Storage- and give it to Lulu who passes it to Arisa.<br/>
<br/>
"Eh~ It's plain, but it's quite a good cane."<br/>
<br/>
I won't speak of it, after all it's more expensive than Arisa.<br/>
<br/>
"Shoot twice then fall back even if you miss and switch with Liza. Pochi and Tama will cover Liza."<br/>
"Kay~."<br/>
"I understand, master."<br/>
<br/>
Pochi's and Tama's answers are a bit late.<br/>
<br/>
"Nyu~?"<br/>
"Is it okay not to throw the stones?"<br/>
<br/>
Oh yeah, I forgot about the throwing stones. Since I want to confirm the stun magics type for now, let's keep them as reserves.<br/>
<br/>
"This time it's fine not to throw the stones. I want you to concentrate on the ant which got onto the wagon."<br/>
"Aye aye sir~."<br/>
"Roger~ nano desu."<br/>
<br/>
The relative distance is under 100 meters.<br/>
The other ants are chasing after the rat cavalries who go toward the hill.<br/>
<br/>
50 meters. Lulu who probably feels uneasy is grabbing the cuff of my clothes.<br/>
<br/>
30 meters. The sound of the wings is approaching.<br/>
<br/>
20 meters.<br/>
<br/>
"Mind Shock Wave (Shock Wave)."<br/>
"It falls~?"<br/>
"Arisa, amazing nodesu."<br/>
<br/>
The ant which got hit by Arisa's attack seems to have fallen onto the ground. Although according to the map, it's still alive. As expected of insects, they're not so soft as to die from crashing.<br/>
<br/>
"The magic knocked it down, but it's not defeated yet. Though it's fine if we could just kill it before it woke up..."<br/>
<br/>
Certainly, it'd want to return to its nest when it wakes up.<br/>
<br/>
"Ants, lots of them nano desu!"<br/>
"Guh, it's impossible to link with these numbers~"<br/>
<br/>
Pochi's voice is a bit late compared to the radar which shows red dots swarming here.<br/>
They're forming groups with 8 monsters in each of the 4 groups.<br/>
<br/>
"It's a bit too many."<br/>
"Yeah, even if I successfully use Shock Wave, it'll probably only affect three of them."<br/>
"Can you fire it continuously?"<br/>
"I can't, the chants could make it in time, but I can't cancel it until I release the magic power."<br/>
"Pochi, Tama, restrain the enemies by throwing stones at both sides. If they come within Arisa's range, switch with her."<br/>
<br/>
I could be the shooter too but it's impossible to leave the reins to Lulu, what should I do.<br/>
<br/>
"It's Tama's tu~rn."<br/>
"I won't lose nodesu~."<br/>
<br/>
I look back at the state of the backseat for a bit. Tama and Pochi are throwing stones. Liza supports them to recover their posture after throwing the stones.<br/>
<br/>
"Did it hit~?"<br/>
"They're falling nodesu."<br/>
"Yosh, you did great, children! Shock Wave!."<br/>
<br/>
It seems that they've shot down the first four enemies, and the radar reflects---following them, the enemies are decreased by four.<br/>
There are two enemies who caught up to the wagon from behind, but one of them is skewered by Liza's spear and the other one who jumped inside is skillfully dealt with by Pochi and Tama. <br/>
I'm guessing that's what happened from the noisy sounds from behind and the change of luminous points on the radar.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I can't afford to look back yet.<br/>
The ants are swarming on both sides of the wagon, I shoot any ants which go ahead on one side with magic pistol while ants which come from the other side get mercilessly kicked by me.<br/>
The kicked ant, becomes part of the scenery while scattering in pieces.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The second wave of the ants is disposed with the same flow too.<br/>
But it seems that the ants have moderate intelligence, the third and the fourth waves are attacking from the shadow of the thickets on the left.<br/>
<br/>
The ants are flying in parallel on both side of  the thickets 300 meters away from us, it seems that they're waiting for chances. The range is not enough for the magic pistol.<br/>
I ease the wagon's speed and leave the reins to Lulu.<br/>
<br/>
I take the crossbow leaned against the coachman stand, an put the bolt on the bowstring.<br/>
I can see the ants' bodies from the gap of the trees. I aim for the ant on the tail of the queue.<br/>
<br/>
I aim at its future position---<br/>
<br/>
Shoot.<br/>
<br/>
"No matter how you look at it, you're just wasting arrows."<br/>
<br/>
A luminous dot disappear from the radar.<br/>
<br/>
"It's fine as feints. Arisa, I leave you to watch out for the back."<br/>
"Hoi!"<br/>
<br/>
While talking, I shoot at the next ant. I can hardly believe it myself, but after this, every nocked arrow hit its target without fail. Along the way, we're about to leave the forested area, but it's too late. Every ant has been shot down before we passed the area through.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Lulu, it's okay to lower the speed now."<br/>
"Y, yes."<br/>
<br/>
I put back the crossbow, and go to receive the reins from Lulu. Maybe because she holds it with all her might, her hands can't come off, I gently take her finger off the reins one by one. <br/>
<br/>
"Sexual Harassment?"<br/>
"Not."<br/>
<br/>
I was looking at Lulu's graceful hands, but I change to look at the inside of the wagon.<br/>
Arisa is looking here over her shoulder from the very back of the wagon. I don't have anything to feel guilty about, what an impolite girl.<br/>
I must tell everyone that the first stage of the battle is complete.<br/>
<br/>
"Everyone, thank you for your hard work, we have successfully repelled the ants it seems."<br/>
"What about the ones before this forest area?"<br/>
"Seems that they've given up and returned."<br/>
<br/>
I look behind and give everyone words of gratitude. Tama and Pochi are having an argument about the one who defeated the most enemies but Arisa boastfully says "I defeated 7 of them~♪".<br/>
<br/>
"U, um, master... y, your hand."<br/>
<br/>
I turn toward Lulu since I could hear her small voice beside me.<br/>
Oops, I've been holding her hand. This is really sexual harrasment then. I separate our hands and apologize to Lulu.<br/>
It feels like she's shy about it but doesn't dislike it, it must be my imagination though. I'm not a middle-schooler, I should have limits to misunderstanding.<br/>
<br/>
"Is it fine if you let me be the coachman?"<br/>
<br/>
Lulu asked in modest voice, as a result, I leave Lulu to be the coachman. I sit next to Lulu, open the map, and check on the state of the rat cavalries.<br/>
<br/>
This is bad.<br/>
<br/>
The rat cavalries are reduced to three, but they're going strong.<br/>
While bringing along the Flying Ants, they detour the hill by making a big arc.<br/>
And with their current course, they will surely cross with this wagon.<br/>
I change places with Lulu. I don't want to let Lulu sits on the direction where they will appear.<br/>
<br/>
"The other rat cavalries seem to be coming here while bringing the flying ants. I'm sorry, but prepare for battle once again."<br/>
"How many are there?"<br/>
"52 ants."<br/>
<br/>
It seems that the rat cavalries have managed to defeat five.<br/>
Those rat cavalries show up on top of the hill. I have a feeling that the rat-man with red helmet met eyes with me. The guy's dash boar is larger than the others. Enough to let two people onboard.<br/>
<br/>
That rat cavalry approaches our wagon, and begins to run parallel with it. The other two lower their speeds, seemingly to attract attention of the ants.<br/>
When it get beside the wagon, the rat-man lowers his helmet and shows his face, even though he has rat's face it's nihilistically handsome and looks like it's saying something.<br/>
<br/>
"◆◆◆◆!　▼▼▼▼!　●●●●!"<br/>
<br/>
>[Ash-Mouse Tribe Language Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Green Scales Tribe Language Skill Acquired]<br/>
>[Elf Language Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
Somehow, I got various languages skills.<br/>
After thinking what could happen later, I decided to take the [Elf Language] skill. I raise it to level 3 and activate it.<br/>
<br/>
"Human, words, don't you understand?!"<br/>
"Sorry, but, can you quickly get away? I don't want to get involved."<br/>
<br/>
Even though I've purposely learned other language, the Shiga kingdom language came out. I complained back with Elf language, since I'd complain anyway even if I use Shiga language.<br/>
Putting me aside, I won't allow our girls to be in danger.<br/>
<br/>
"Oh! You understand Elf language do you, then I have a request!"<br/>
<br/>
Oioi, you're asking now after getting us involved?<br/>
<br/>
"Please take care of the princess. If possible until she gets home, but if you can't then at least until you give her to the same tribe."<br/>
<br/>
After saying that, the red helmet throws someone wrapped in thick coat he has been carrying to here.<br/>
I receive her in hurry. It seems that she has fainted.<br/>
<br/>
When I look back, the red helmet has gone back to help the other two fight the ants.<br/>
I lay the girl in the wagon and go to very back where Arisa and the girls are. Even without seeing the battle, their (the cavalries) luminous dots are already gone from the radar.<br/>
<br/>
The red helmet most likely chose to die a honorable death. The girl earlier is probably that much important.<br/>
However, reality tramples on such thought.<br/>
<br/>
An ant jumps on Arisa and the girls, and another one jumps on this wagon.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
