<br/>
<br/>
7-20. A Night No One Knows (2)<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
Satou's here. There were a lot of light novel and games that had had religious groups as the villains during the end of the twentieth century, but it felt like I didn't see it much recently.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Oi, you're late, the ritual has already begun. I'll open the door, so take your positions quietly."<br/>
<br/>
A person who looks to be a leader-type is scolding us with rough voice in front of the door that leads to the ritual room. The scolding is over quickly, I slip in with the society members to go into the door.<br/>
<br/>
I've thought of this since I mix in awhile ago, but they're full of leaks.<br/>
They don't look like a group that would do such outrageous thing as summoning items from hell. There's something mismatched about this. I wonder if there's someone who's pulling the string from behind?<br/>
<br/>
Well, whatever.<br/>
There are probably only a few places where they can hold the ritual, so if I destroy this place, people who are thinking of doing misconducts will lay low.<br/>
<br/>
The ritual room is wide. The width is 200 meters, the height is 20 meters, the depth is nearly 1 kilometer long. Of course there are a lot of standing pillars, but they sure are strong for supporting such enormous weight. Is it due to [Fixture Magic]?<br/>
<br/>
My thought had wandered off for a bit.<br/>
The nearly 200 men and women inside the room are reciting poetry-like words repeatedly. It doesn't seem to be a spell chant.<br/>
<br/>
There are three beds of stones lined up on the altar, and three girls are sleeping there. Magic circle-like drawings are painted on the girls' bare skins. They don't seem to be dressed.<br/>
<br/>
"Summon the holy relics as compensations for these unsullied girls!"<br/>
"""Summon!"""<br/>
<br/>
It seems I've come slightly late. Following the most self-important looking man's shout and the replies, three executive members beside the girls raise ceremonial daggers overhead, and swing it downward toward the girls' hearts.<br/>
<br/>
Maybe it's not like the usual me.<br/>
<br/>
The moment I see the executive members raise the daggers, I rush out instantly.<br/>
<br/>
I feel the members behind me are blown to the wall. Looks like they've been exposed to the reaction from my sudden acceleration.<br/>
<br/>
I run at the speed of an arrow, but I won't make it like this.<br/>
<br/>
Remote Stun would be excellent for a case like this, but Sky Drive is faster. The magic gun's range is 200 meters. It's still far.<br/>
<br/>
"M-A-K-E-I-T!"<br/>
<br/>
I try to convince myself by yelling.<br/>
The moment during the executives' dagger swinging downward is only for an instant, in reality it can even be called [Now], but this isn't futile it seems.<br/>
<br/>
At the next moment, I feel like strangely running in water, and when I come to, I've kicked the daggers from the executives' hands.<br/>
<br/>
>[Ground Shrink Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Who are you!"<br/>
<br/>
The man who said that must be the society's head, no doubt.<br/>
But I make everyone faints before they can say anything. Since I make use of the ground shrink skill that I've just acquired, I must be looking like split bodies from their point of views.<br/>
<br/>
Thanks to that, I don't need much time to make the nearly 200 members powerless.<br/>
<br/>
I'd like to collect the short horns, but I guess I'll do something about the demonic possession people first.<br/>
<br/>
"Disturbing the ritual like this, what a boorish comrade, deojaru."<br/>
"Yes, yes, truly like the inferior beings humans are, nari."<br/>
<br/>
Two demons appears by breaking out of the bodies of two members that have fallen on the ground as if taking off clothes.<br/>
<br/>
They're not short horns.<br/>
<br/>
They're the same upper-ranked demon like Wagahai-kun.<br/>
The 'ojaru' one has red body with deer-like horns, it doesn't have wings. The 'nari' one has bronze body with water buffalo-like horns, it has two pairs of wings. They're both level 63.<br/>
<br/>
"Good grief, he's foolish beyond help for disturbing our resurrection ritual, nanoda."<br/>
<br/>
There's a figure of a girl sitting on the stone bed. The girl--no, the one possessing the girl doesn't show its true body.<br/>
<br/>
Leaving aside the life of the members, I want to save the sacrifice girls.<br/>
I use ground shrink skill, and carry the two girls to the exit.<br/>
<br/>
"I won't let you go, deojaru."<br/>
<br/>
As if space is breaking in front of my eyes, the red-body demon teleports in.<br/>
Since both of my hands are occupied, I restraint it with [Remote Arrow] and [Short Stun], shooting with maximum power.<br/>
<br/>
"I'll return it, deojaru."<br/>
<br/>
The magic that I've shot toward the demon return to me in entirety.<br/>
<br/>
Space magic huh!<br/>
<br/>
The Remote Arrows change their course back to the demon, but the Short Stuns are going to directly hit me. I put up Shield at once to stop it. The shield breaks in an instant, but I've successfully arrived at the door.<br/>
<br/>
I leave the girls on the other side of the door, and close it.<br/>
<br/>
The red-body demon behind me is fed up with the Remote Arrows that are coiling around it.<br/>
<br/>
"Irritating, deojaru."<br/>
<br/>
The red-body demon roars, making cracks run on the space and destroys the Remote Arrows. Thanks to magic perception, I could see stream of magic that worked like early warning before the cracks ran on the space.<br/>
<br/>
I turn ON the silver mask set and hero title before it's too late.<br/>
My equipped sword is Durandal, not Excalibur, it's not because I'm unwilling. I've stored dangerous amount of magic power inside Excalibur when I experiment with storing magic power, so I'm afraid that I would collapse the capital if I'm careless with it.<br/>
Durandal's performance is worse than Excalibur, but it's exceptionally strong compared to Gjallarhorn, so there's probably no problem.<br/>
<br/>
"Houhou?　I've thought it's a rat, turn out you're a hero, nari."<br/>
<br/>
The bronze demon is approaching while munching on something. The altar's side has become a blood bath.<br/>
They themselves become the demon's sacrifices this time huh.<br/>
<br/>
Right now, it's not the time to sympathize with them.<br/>
I put off dealing with the red-body for later, and going to get rid of the bronze demon first.<br/>
<br/>
I move like teleporting with Ground Shrink, and slip below the bronze demon's chest, cutting--<br/>
<br/>
Tremendous pressure overwhelms me.<br/>
<br/>
>[Gravity Magic Skill: Demon Acquired]<br/>
>[Gravity Resistance Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
Still, I endure the high gravity forcibly, and swing the sword, but just before the holy sword touch the demon, I stop it, and back step away while opening the distance.<br/>
<br/>
"The current hero is weak, instead his intuition is sharp, nari."<br/>
"If he cut just as he was, the hero's body would had been split in two, almost, deojaru."<br/>
<br/>
It seems they've set some kind of trap-like magic.<br/>
If the crisis perception didn't ring me a warning, it would have been dangerous.<br/>
<br/>
I make the Remote Arrows to fly around randomly, and hit the bronze demon with Short Stun, it seems that the trap magic breaks it huh.<br/>
<br/>
I feel my body is being pulled slightly by the red-body demon. When I look at the log, it seems that it's using magic called [Drawing(Evil Snap)].<br/>
<br/>
>[Space Magic Skill: Demon Acquired]<br/>
>[Space Resistance Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
I activate the resistance skill.<br/>
<br/>
"The magic isn't too effective even though his level is low, deojaru."<br/>
"Ushashashasha, is that an excuse for your senility nari?"<br/>
<br/>
Their attentions turn toward each others, now.<br/>
<br/>
Making full use of Ground Shrink and Sky Drive, I rain down Short Stuns in 16 three-dimensional directions.<br/>
As expected, the Short Stuns begin to change their course, turning back. There's the bronze demon among one of the course.<br/>
<br/>
When it hit the bronze demon, the short stun is forwarded to the red demon like the trap magic. It's different than the plan, but the result is alright.<br/>
<br/>
Of course, they've only received small damages.<br/>
<br/>
However, that's fine.<br/>
<br/>
That instant chance I've got is quite enough.<br/>
<br/>
When the blue glow from Durandal have melted in the darkness, the red-body demon becomes pieces of meat and falls to the ground.<br/>
I sprinkle it with dragon scales that I've taken out of the storage, incinerating it so it can't revive.<br/>
<br/>
[Flash Slash Skill Acquired]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
◇<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"This is strange, nari."<br/>
<br/>
Taking the moment when the bronze demon is stunned, I take out the Holy Bolt set loaded with magic power from the storage, and shoot it.<br/>
<br/>
The bronze demon tries to repel it with its hand that has jet black spiral appeared on it.<br/>
<br/>
"Avoid it, noda!"<br/>
<TLN: Not the demon's name.><br/>
<br/>
With the possessed girl's words, the bronze demon inclines his body to avoid the bolt in a hurry, but it couldn't avoid the arrow, and its upper body is ripped into many pieces. Annihilated.<br/>
<br/>
I've originally expected the bolt to be a mere diversion, but it's unexpectedly effective.<br/>
I cut the bronze demon while also using it to test Flash Slash skill.<br/>
<br/>
"This is, splendid nanoda. I have to apologize for thinking you're a small fry hero, nanoda. No, I ought to thank you for destroying my courtiers, nanoda."<br/>
<br/>
The girl who's sitting with one knee drawn up on the edge of the stone bed murmurs so as if asking questions.<br/>
When the girl stands up, she begins to spin words in a clear voice as if she's a stage actress.<br/>
<br/>
"The time of my revival has come. O humanity fear it! Today, at this time, the world will begin its walk into ruins noda!"<br/>
<br/>
This should be the scene where I should shudder, but maybe thanks to the strange word she's adding at the end of her sentence, it feels like a comedy show instead.<br/>
<br/>
Now then, looks like round two begins.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
