<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Mid Meal Snack: A Girl in the Post Station Town</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter">
    <h1>Mid Meal Snack: <span epub:type="subtitle">A Girl in the Post Station Town</span></h1>

    <p>「Tara, listen carefully. Don’t get involved with the denizens of Forest’s Edge so easily, okay?」</p>

    <p>After Asuta and the others left the stall, Dora said with a slightly stern expression.</p>

    <p>Tara couldn’t accept what her father said and asked:</p>

    <p>「But why? Asuta onii-chan is a good person, that’s why you thanked him, right? Why can’t Tara be friends with Asuta onii-chan?」</p>

    <p>「Asuta isn’t a bad person. Even though he was wearing the garments of Forest’s Edge, he probably came from some other city… Ai Fa who was beside Asuta must be a brave huntress. But getting close to the denizens of Forest’s Edge is still dangerous.」</p>

    <p>Dora leaned in close to Tara.</p>

    <p>「You also saw the denizens from Forest’s Edge who caused all those troubles, right? There are many barbaric people in Forest’s Edge, so don’t go near them carelessly.」</p>

    <p>「But… Not just the denizens of Forest’s Edge, anyone who drinks and stirs up trouble is scary.」</p>

    <p>Despite Tara’s rebuttal, Dora still shook his head and dismissed Tara’s protest.</p>

    <p>「Even when the denizens of Forest’s Edge commit crime, the guards will still let them off, that’s why they are acting so willfully. If you get involved with such dangerous characters, we will suffer too… I have already thanked them for saving you, so we have no need to approach them directly in the future.」</p>

    <p>Dora stuck his head out of the roof and checked the position of the sun.</p>

    <p>「It’s almost two. It’s still early, but help me promote our goods to our customer’s stall. Don’t run around, okay?」</p>

    <p>「… Okay.」</p>

    <p>Tara left the stall. She still wasn’t convinced by his answers.</p>

    <p>The streets were filled with all sorts of people. Aside from the residents of Post Station Town, there were some who came from the farms to work here just like Tara — there were also travelers from the south and the east, so there was a huge variety of people.</p>

    <p>The denizens of Forest’s Edge were a common sight too. The numerous people living in Forest’s Edge often purchased their groceries in the Post Station Town.</p>

    <p>Almost everyone from Forest’s Edge were female, and hunters wearing kiba capes were a rare sight.</p>

    <p>Ten days ago, Tara was very frightened when she encountered a hunter from Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>That hunter started drinking in the afternoon, drew his blade in town, and roared like a beast. The light shining in his blue eyes was no different from a beast.</p>

    <p>And the one who saved Tara from that ruffian were denizens of Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>They were Asuta, who looked nothing like a denizen of Forest’s Edge even though he wore their garments, and a young woman with outstanding looks, who wore a kiba cape despite being a girl, Ai Fa.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa’s eyes shined like a beast too. To be honest, Ai Fa’s gaze was tougher and more terrifying than that ruffian.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa stopped the ruffian’s violent act and rescued Tara.</p>

    <p>But the guards treated Ai Fa and Asuta like criminals and attempted to bring them to the guard room. If the traveler called Kamyua Yost didn’t stand up for them, the guards would have released the ruffian and convicted Asuta and Ai Fa of the crimes.</p>

    <p><i>Why is this happening? The drunkard claims to belong to the chief clan… Is the chief clan the bad guys in Forest’s Edge?</i></p>

    <p>Tara thought as she walked on the road.</p>

    <p>Asuta had black, shiny eyes like the Semu people, and Tara liked them a lot.</p>

    <p>Even though Tara felt Ai Fa was a little scary, she also thought she looked cool.</p>

    <p>Her father Dora didn’t detest them but still instructed Tara not to go near the denizens of Forest’s Edge. Tara couldn’t understand why and felt gloomy.</p>

    <p><i>I want to try Asuta’s kiba cooking.</i></p>

    <p>Dora would never permit her to do that.</p>

    <p>Tara walked by herself in the crowded Post Station Town and sighed softly.</p>

    <hr/>

    <p>The next day, after Tara was done with her chores in the morning, she played with the kids in the city like usual.</p>

    <p>As Tara worked in the Post Station Town, she played more often with the children of the city than the kids of the village.</p>

    <p>The ones playing with her today was a boy from an inn and a girl from a kimyusu stall.</p>

    <p>「You know, my brother working in the castle town came home yesterday.」</p>

    <p>After they got tired of playing tag, the boy spoke as they rested.</p>

    <p>「And he bought meat from the karon’s back as a gift! Isn’t that amazing? Not thigh meat, but meat from the back.」</p>

    <p>The Post Station Town only sold karon thigh meat. Meat from its chest and back was expensive. That’s why it was sold only in the castle town.</p>

    <p>「That meat is soft and yummy! After eating it, I don’t want to eat thigh meat anymore!」</p>

    <p>「Is that so? There is meat softer than kimyusu?!」</p>

    <p>「Ah~ they are about the same. But not only is the meat soft, how do I put it… Anyways, it is super tasty!」</p>

    <p>「Really? But the skin of the kimyusu is yummy too.」</p>

    <p>The girl seemed to be competing with the boy.</p>

    <p>「Meat with skin on it is expensive, no one will buy them, right? But if you roast the meat along with the skin, it becomes incredibly tasty.」</p>

    <p>「Kimyusu skin is used to make jackets and leather bags. Karon is definitely tastier!」</p>

    <p>「Not! We splurge on eating meat with skin once a month! If you don’t believe me, then try it next time!」</p>

    <p>Tara listened to their conversation happily, then remembered what happened yesterday and interjected:</p>

    <p>「Do you think kiba tastes good?」</p>

    <p>The two of them looked surprised and stared at Tara.</p>

    <p>「You mean the kiba that destroys the farms? How can that taste good?」</p>

    <p>「That’s right! You will grow horns and your skin will become as black as the denizens of Forest’s Edge, you know?」</p>

    <p>「Ehh~ Is that true?」</p>

    <p>Asuta’s skin was the same as the other westerners, and he didn’t have horns.</p>

    <p>His hair and eyes were black, but Semu people were black even though they don’t eat kiba. Even if her skin turns black, so what?</p>

    <p>「I heard that kiba meat is tough and stinky. Only the denizens of Forest’s Edge will eat it. How pitiful.」</p>

    <p>The boy laughed out loud. At this moment, a woman fetching water happened to pass by and knocked the boy’s head.</p>

    <p>「Hey, don’t say that so loudly. If the denizens of Forest’s Edge hear you, they will drag you into the forest.」</p>

    <p>Tara felt gloomy again.</p>

    <p>She then yelped, stood up and said:</p>

    <p>「It’s already noon! I need to return to the stall! See you tomorrow!」</p>

    <p>「Yes, bye bye!」</p>

    <p>Tara waved her hands and quickly rushed to the north.</p>

    <p>She bought a kimyusu meat bun along the way. In the entire Post Station Town, the meat bun was Tara’s favorite snack.</p>

    <p><i>… I want to know how kiba tastes.</i></p>

    <p>She couldn’t get that thought out of her mind.</p>

    <p>Karon thigh meat was tough, and she didn’t like karon meat unless it was a stew that had been cooked for a long time.</p>

    <p>Was kiba meat tougher than karon thigh meat?</p>

    <p>Kimyusu meat was soft and easy to swallow. But it didn’t have much taste and had to be eaten together with Myam and herbs to give it flavor.</p>

    <p>Was kiba plainer than kimyusu?</p>

    <p>Tara probably couldn’t ever taste karon loin meat or kimyusu meat with skin. Only a minority of the Post Station Town residents could enjoy such luxurious delicacies.</p>

    <p>Even so, just getting to eat kimyusu and karon every day was already very fortunate. Her father kept saying that when they were poor, they couldn’t even afford meat and could only eat kimyusu egg all day.</p>

    <p><i>… I want to try eating kiba meat.</i></p>

    <p>Tara kept thinking about that as she ran on the streets.</p>

    <p>When Tara finally reached her father’s stall, she saw a figure of a black-haired youth.</p>

    <p>「Ah! Asuta onii-chan!」</p>

    <p>She shouted happily.</p>

    <p>She stopped suddenly when she saw the person beside Asuta.</p>

    <p>It wasn’t Ai Fa.</p>

    <p>It was a hunter from Forest’s Edge who was about Ai Fa’s height.</p>

    <p>The young hunter was shorter than Asuta, wore a kiba cape with a sabre and machete on his waist. He had yellowish brown hair and light chestnut colored eyes</p>

    <p>With gaits as smooth as a wild beast, he walked towards Tara.</p>

    <p>「Brat! You are about bratty Rimee’s size. How old are you?」</p>

    <p>His voice was loud.</p>

    <p>He studied Tara with a strong gleam in his eyes.</p>

    <p>But Tara wasn’t scared at all.</p>

    <p>Asuta stood behind the youth and was smiling even though he was looking at them worriedly.</p>

    <p>Tara squeezed out a reply.</p>

    <p>「Eight… Eight years old…」</p>

    <p>「That’s the same as Rimee. But you are much thinner, so you look younger.」</p>

    <p>The youth squatted down before Tara.</p>

    <p>He alternated his shining eyes between Tara and the meat bun as if he was curious.</p>

    <p>As Tara was thinking about something, she had not bitten into the meat bun yet.</p>

    <p>「Smell nice. Is it good?」</p>

    <p>「… Yes.」</p>

    <p>Tara nodded.</p>

    <p>「I guess so.」</p>

    <p>The youth stared at the bun.</p>

    <p>He looked hungry.</p>

    <p>So, Tara asked if he wanted to eat it.</p>

    <p>A strange expression appeared on the youth’s face, but he still took a bite.</p>

    <p>「Not good at all. Asuta’s cooking tastes much better.」</p>

    <p>The youth complained after taking a bite.</p>

    <p>「R-Really?」</p>

    <p>Tara wasn’t scared of him, but his lack of hesitation in criticizing the meat bun stunned Tara.</p>

    <p>The young hunter was shorter than Asuta, but he seemed tougher than even the adults in town.</p>

    <p><i>Is this why everyone’s afraid of the denizens of Forest’s Edge?</i></p>

    <p>And of course, Tara couldn’t keep her cool completely.</p>

    <p>But the admiration in her heart outweighed her fear.</p>

    <p>She thought Ai Fa and this unknown youth looked heroic and cool.</p>

    <p>She didn’t know why. Both had forthright eyes, weren’t fazed by how others saw them and seemed so righteous.</p>

    <p>After that, Kamyua Yost appeared too. They chatted for a while, then Asuta and company went home.</p>

    <p>Tara didn’t understand what they were talking about, but Asuta seemed to be planning to open a stall in the Post Station Town.</p>

    <p>「That’s amazing, Asuta is really going to open a stall.」</p>

    <p>「Yes…」</p>

    <p>After Tara said that, Dora only gave a vague response.</p>

    <p>Dora’s face was already troubled, and now, it looked bitter.</p>

    <p>「What’s the matter? Do you feel unwell?」</p>

    <p>「Ehh…? No, it’s nothing. I’m just thinking that there are all kinds of people in Forest’s Edge.」</p>

    <p>「Yes. The people with Asuta are so cool.」</p>

    <p>「Cool, huh.」</p>

    <p>Dora shook his head weakly.</p>

    <p>Even though his father’s appearance made Tara worried, she wanted to tell him something.</p>

    <p>「Tara wants to try Asuta’s cooking.」</p>

    <p>Dora shook his head with a gloomy face:</p>

    <p>「Even if we tried kiba meat, we won’t find it good. If Asuta goes around and keeps telling people that kiba tastes good, everyone will think he is a conman.」</p>

    <p>Her father’s voice was filled with worry.</p>

    <p>Tara held her father’s thick arms and leaned toward his depressed face.</p>

    <p>「We need to try it before deciding whether it tastes good or not. Can I buy Asuta’s cooking with Papa’s copper plates?」</p>

    <p>After staying quiet for a moment, he patted Tara’s head with his large hand.</p>

    <p>「Tara, when you help me with my work, the copper plates I give you is your wages, you can use them as you wish… But you can’t miss work with a stomach ache as an excuse.」</p>

    <p>「Yes! Thank you, Papa!」</p>

    <p>Tara looked up at her father’s face and smiled.</p>

    <hr/>

    <p>Four days later, Asuta opened his stall in the Post Station Town.</p>

    <p>After the short downpour ended, Tara rushed to Asuta’s stall.</p>

    <p>「Amazing! You really opened a stall here!」</p>

    <p>Asuta’s expression seemed more lackluster than usual but received Tara with a smile right away.</p>

    <p>A girl from Forest’s Edge was working with Asuta, she had a gentle smile on her.</p>

    <p>Tara met this girl before, and she was more cold and indifferent. But she looked really kind and gentle when she smiled.</p>

    <p>「The tarapa smells nice! Is that the kiba meal?」</p>

    <p>「Yes. I don’t know if you will like it.」</p>

    <p>The tarapa in the pot was boiling.</p>

    <p>Aside from the tarapa, Asuta also used many other ingredients. The fragrance was really appetizing.</p>

    <p>When Tara wanted to buy one, he asked her to try a sample first and offered her a plate.</p>

    <p>It was a strangely shaped meat, covered in red tarapa sauce.</p>

    <p>The meat was flat and circular in shape. After Asuta cut it into small pieces, he placed it on the plate. The cut section of the meat seemed uneven, which felt strange to Tara.</p>

    <p><i>Oh right, what kind of animal is a kiba?</i></p>

    <p>Tara had never seen a kiba before.</p>

    <p>The traps around the farm did catch kiba sometimes, but Tara and her mother had never seen them. The old women living in the vicinity once said:「You would be cursed just by seeing a kiba.」</p>

    <p>Kiba meat looked tasty.</p>

    <p>The fragrance stimulated her appetite.</p>

    <p>Tara put that meat into her mouth without any hesitation.</p>

    <p>She then felt a great impact.</p>

    <p>「What is this…」</p>

    <p>The sourness of the tarapa was strong, but it was tastier than the tarapa she ate at home. Just like the small tarapa that could be bought in the castle town, they were sweet and wonderful.</p>

    <p>The diced vegetable cooked together with the tarapa had to be aria. Did the aria bring out this sweetness?</p>

    <p>Tara felt a tinge of spiciness and deduced that pico leaves were added to the sauce too. She heard that there were plenty of pico leaves in the Morga Forest.</p>

    <p>To sum it up, Tara had never tasted such a delicious sauce.</p>

    <p>However— the taste of the kiba was strong and on par with the sauce.</p>

    <p>The kiba wasn’t tough and didn’t stink. It broke apart with a gentle bite and mixed together with the tarapa sauce. A strong taste spread inside her mouth.</p>

    <p>Tara never imagined that such delicious meat existed in this world.</p>

    <p>The taste lingered no matter how much she chewed. She only had a small piece, but her heart was filled with happiness.</p>

    <p>Neither kimyusu nor karon was this tasty.</p>

    <p>Could the kimyusu meat with skin or the karon’s loin meat taste as good as kiba meat?</p>

    <p>「Asuta-nii, this is delicious! Really delicious!」</p>

    <p>Asuta’s expression looked a little uneasy, but the lines on his face relaxed after hearing her words.</p>

    <p>「Ah, wait! Tara, I want your father to try it too before I can accept your copper plates with ease… Eh, I don’t have many picks like this, can you reuse it?」</p>

    <p>「Yes!」</p>

    <p>Tara nodded firmly, then ran on the street.</p>

    <p>There was still happiness lingering in her mouth.</p>

    <p>Tara could feel this happiness slowly spreading through her entire body.</p>

    <p>Dora would definitely be overjoyed after tasting it.</p>

    <p>Her father had been acting strange these days, as if he was troubled about continuing to interact with the denizens of Forest’s Edge. He was drawn to Asuta and the denizens of Forest’s Edge around him, but was hesitant about getting along with them so naturally.</p>

    <p>Dora had his worries too.</p>

    <p>Tara’s mother and elder brothers who worked in the village also said:「Don’t get involved with the denizens of Forest’s Edge.」</p>

    <p>When Tara refuted him, Dora would always fall into a bitter silence.</p>

    <p>A complicated feeling that Tara couldn’t understand was troubling Dora.</p>

    <p><i>There won’t be any problems now.</i></p>

    <p>Asuta wasn’t a liar.</p>

    <p>「The chief clan」 was the violent ruffians who conned others.</p>

    <p>After tasting the kiba meat, the gloomy face of her father would relax too. Tara was filled with joy just imagining that.</p>

    <p>She dashed through the streets, splashing the puddles on the ground, and finally made it to her father.</p>

    <p>Dora was sitting under the roof and glanced at Tara with a blank face.</p>

    <p>「Look, this is Asuta’s cooking! He used the vegetable you grew to cook such a delicious dish!」</p>

    <p>Dora took the piece of kiba meat on the toothpick with a weak smile.</p>

    <p>How surprised would her father be? Tara waited in anticipation.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>