<br/>
As far as I can see is a vast wasteland and rocky hills.<br/>
Continuing blindly on this vast wasteland and rocky hills.<br/>
A scenario that continues on and on.<br/>
When I was falling my eyes were filled with tears and I didn’t have room to look carefully at what was at the bottom.<br/>
Seriously? This situation.<br/>
This is already the third day you know?<br/>
It should be fine to have a change about now.<br/>
Since the time I had fallen, I had been walking forward without caring about day or night. Anyhow, a wide barren land. Before I noticed I am in the same place, kind of thing, for the sake of not happening I made signs in a part of the scenery and continued to walk on.<br/>
Even with that, the thing that I am already used to seeing in front of me, a conspicuously tall mountain, I felt it hadn’t gotten any closer. It may be an illusion, and many times I felt my heart would crumble.<br/>
After all, there was commendably no one here nothing here.<br/>
In a sense it was incredible. Not only people, there aren’t even animals you know?<br/>
Ah, I had forgotten it.<br/>
Things I could eat there were none you see. I in times saw a dry straw like grass, as expected, I don’t think I would be able to eat it. But even that is scarce though!<br/>
That I feel hungry but can still walk may be because my body has become superhuman. If it were the usual, I would have already dried up and rendered unable to stand.<br/>
Doing what Tsuki-sama told me, I tried using my given ‘power’ so I concentrated to activate it but I failed(?)<br/>
I tried to gather the power onto the palm of my hand but.<br/>
I don’t understand it a single bit. I could certainly feel the power gathering but, nothing is happening.<br/>
I tried placing my hand on the ground but that was in vain.<br/>
I tested a lot of things but.<br/>
Only, the objects I have in my hand will slightly move depending on how much energy I utilize. This is probably the most easiest to see and understand form.<br/>
But it’s not like it actually moves, it just trembles in my hand.<br/>
It’s a mystery. And also, I don’t think I can use this to get out of my current situation.<br/>
Well, this power is something precious that Tsuki-sama has given me. I believe that great person wouldn’t make a mistake.<br/>
I will try to experiment more with it, I have to understand this power as soon as possible.<br/>
Anyways, it’s hot.<br/>
In the day it’s reasonably hot.<br/>
At night it’s reasonably cold.<br/>
That’s how I felt it but.<br/>
At noon I could clearly see the heat haze with my eyes. Right now is just like that.<br/>
At nights the surface of the rocks began to frost.<br/>
This seemed like an incredibly harsh environment for a human, yes.<br/>
I once more thank my superhuman body.<br/>
Well, without caring about my surroundings I advanced forward at a pretty fast pace.<br/>
The moment I reach that mountain there should be a change in the situation, probably. Please may there be. I implore.<br/>
The only thing I hear is the wind and my own footsteps!<br/>
It’s already been 3 days!<br/>
At this point in time there should already be an event right?!<br/>
"I see, it’s because I am not a hero anymore~ I’m just an ugly duckling after all"<br/>
I began to speak to myself. It may be the effect of loneliness but the times I have said what I was thinking have increased. So sad.<br/>
My eyes become slightly hollow. I gazed at the far distance. I want to believe there is human population at that side.<br/>
What might the two heroes be doing now I wonder? They are surely being received with open arms by the royalty and nobles, and must be eating a nice feast.<br/>
Compared to me.<br/>
I look at my back. Nothing but reddish-brown wasteland. The path I have travelled.<br/>
Every time I saw a mirage I dashed to it so I should have shortened quite a bit of distance. I most likely wouldn’t even recognize the place I was dropped to.<br/>
At first I planned to walk mindlessly and then encounter someone or find a settlement or so I thought but.<br/>
It seems that is a privilege that is reserved only for main characters.<br/>
Also, to be so perfectly without anything at all. There wasn’t a single shadow of a per- ???<br/>
"?? ???"<br/>
So.<br/>
That voice was slight but.<br/>
I tried with all my ability to concentrate my changed body, probably this would be the first time in all my life that I have become so sensitive.<br/>
My ears didn’t let the sound escape.<br/>
I stop my steps.<br/>
I perk up my ears with my hands and silently close my eyes.<br/>
Where is it, from where did I hear it?<br/>
I have to concentrate. Just concentrate.<br/>
As if to not miss even the moment a single drop of water falls.<br/>
I definitely heard a voice, I have to make sure of it.<br/>
"? Sa… Ple…a"<br/>
"It’s over there!!!!!!"<br/>
I heard it once more, it was definitely a scream.<br/>
I open my eyes. Like if wanting to obtain those sound waves!<br/>
I am still admirably fasting though!<br/>
My stomach is extremely empty but!<br/>
Since the time I came here, it’s the most power I have had.<br/>
I kicked the ground and ran.<br/>
Previous Chapter  l  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
August 24, 2015August 25, 2015 ReigokaiUncategorized <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
