<br/>
Fangs that would easily crush a human being were coming right in front of my eyes.<br/>
Because I have a superhuman body I can stop it. Come ahead and try.<br/>
…<br/>
Like hell I would say that! There is nothing in this world more unbelievable than me!!<br/>
This is a set thing, no, a reality would not be an exaggeration!<br/>
In panic I jump behind it.<br/>
The dragon, without minding that its bite had missed it began to draw near me again. Another biting attack!<br/>
A snake flying in midair, now that I think about it it’s really hard to predict its movements?!<br/>
"What?!" (Shen)<br/>
Turning my body I jump to the sides.<br/>
Safe! I am still alive.<br/>
I don’t let the dragon out of my sight. By seeing the size of the giant mouth that can easily crunch me down, I am able to somehow determine the size of its head.<br/>
I try to figure out how is its whole body.<br/>
What, so it’s like many times bigger than a bullet train huh. I am not sure of its length though.<br/>
…<br/>
I’m going to die!!<br/>
What a stupid turn of events, supervisor!! Hey bug, come out bug!!<br/>
You should certainly have a legendary weapon or a legendary tool lying over there right?!<br/>
The mist has finally come all the way down here.<br/>
I can’t clearly see my surroundings nor my own hands.<br/>
I can’t even see where I am standing.<br/>
There is such a big dragon so close to me, yet I can’t even see its figure.<br/>
Moreover, if the dragon moves, the mist should also undulate with it. But the mist stays calm, just staying in place.<br/>
The one creating that mist is certainly, that dragon Shen huh. No fair.<br/>
To top it off, its presence.<br/>
To not even be able to feel that is just too weird. This mist is not a normal mist after all.<br/>
Disadvantageous, this is an incredibly disadvantageous situation.<br/>
Chills run down the nape of my neck.<br/>
I run at that moment and then turn my head to look behind.<br/>
A giant mouth was there.<br/>
"Is it fair that I can’t feel its presence this much?!" (Makoto)<br/>
I don’t have space to return blows.<br/>
When you are fighting an opponent with a giant body, the first thing one must think is the opening in its attacks and the time to get a blow in. It’s established that you must evade and defend every single blow that opponent does. Probably.<br/>
Anyways, the conclusion I have reached from all my action games and fighting games is that in this moments I should just calm down. In this kind of situation I can’t defend carelessly.<br/>
But I can’t see its body and it’s able to suddenly appear behind me and chomp. In that case I can’t even counter! What a shitty game method!<br/>
Like fighting a last boss in a new fighting game you got.<br/>
And moreover after that body like a snake, comes the head.<br/>
If I evade its attack that head would come right in front of me to chomp me. That’s why I can’t take that moment to get one hit to its body. And I don’t even know if there are claws in there as well.<br/>
What should I do?! What should I do?!<br/>
3 blue cards began to float inside of my head. Well, aren’t we pretty composed myself? Lets see.<br/>
<br/>
You should just evade it with spirit and then get a hit in!<br/>
Then just clear away the mist, now go ahead and blow some wind!<br/>
The one who hits first wins! Attack randomly!<br/>
<br/>
The first one seems impossible. My six sense is telling me that I can’t attack in that situation.<br/>
Second one. Call Zhuge Liang.<br/>
Third one. Lowering my attack strength and relying on speed to hit all over the place. Anyways I could throw fire balls all over the place and locate the enemy’s location. And in the location I confirm, I will shoot a fire arrow.<br/>
Yes, that’s it. The third one looks doable.<br/>
More like, with my head, that is the limit.<br/>
I just have to do it. In this close to zero distance, I don’t think I will be able to last long. If I fall into panic I will be hunt down.<br/>
~Shen POV~<br/>
Enveloping him in the mist, I will make my opponent conscious of my attacks and then drag him into ‘Asora’ and kill him.<br/>
I am, in the dragons’ ranks, one of the most superior ones. I am called ‘invincible’<br/>
But the reason of being invincible is because of my power ‘Asora’<br/>
Using my mist as an intermediary, I am able to drag anything that my mist has seized into a world that I have created.<br/>
In that world I am able to limit magic, and I can bend the laws of physic.<br/>
For me to lose at that place is impossible. The me inside Asora is not my real body after all.<br/>
My body is in some way detached so even if I lose there, my real body will not be there anymore.<br/>
The moment I drag him there, I could just withdraw after all. In that situation I can one sidedly attack him.<br/>
In the past there has been no events where I haven’t been able to eliminate my enemy in Asora.<br/>
And I plan to do just that to the fool that destroyed my gate.<br/>
Before the mist arrived I bit two times, the moment it arrived I would just need to use it as an intermediary and take him away to Asora, with that it should be the end.<br/>
Yet.<br/>
I couldn’t drag him away.<br/>
No matter how many times I try, it felt like forcefully trying to put something big inside a small hole. (TN: hehehehe~)<br/>
Was the door I made too small?<br/>
Then I will just have to hunt him down inside this mist.<br/>
I tried attacking him from behind.<br/>
But he somehow was able to detect me and evade it.<br/>
What an incredibly troublesome hyuman. But with this I can’t just kill him.<br/>
I have to check why I am unable to drag him to Asora.<br/>
How he is able to evade me in this mist that is supposed to wane all senses. Is that just a coincidence?<br/>
If this continues, my invincibility will begin to sway.<br/>
If the one who instigated him to do this is another superior dragon then I have to certainly settle this score.<br/>
I have only been sleeping in this extremity of the world so I don’t know of any negativity I have instilled though.<br/>
If its just because it envies my tittle of invincible then I won’t forgive it. No matter what enemy it is I will bring it down.<br/>
I inspect the state of the hyuman. On my side, I can see him clearly.<br/>
Is that a fire ball? He is throwing them here and there.<br/>
Too bad for him, I have a resistance to elements. At that level I will be able to easily bear it.<br/>
This decision was wrong.<br/>
I began to circle my prey while being cautious of it. Of course I was reading the trajectory of the brids and evading them but.<br/>
One of them got me.<br/>
It hit my body.<br/>
It didn’t hurt one bit but, the mist surrounding me cleared slightly. My scaled body was now in clear sight.<br/>
It was a speed that could be said only took an instant.<br/>
The hyuman ,concentrating his maryoku,created immediately an abnormally condensed brid. And accurately pointed it at my body.<br/>
I tried to bend my body up to evade it but.<br/>
I couldn’t make it. In just an instant it came sharply to me as if it was an arrow and ‘pierced’ my body.<br/>
In my body that is resistant to fire the same brid that I shouldn’t feel the heat from and it was the same hyuman’s brid but.<br/>
It pierced me with an unbelievable speed, and exploded.<br/>
Tremendous heat and pain.<br/>
"Agyaaaaaa!!!!" (Shen)<br/>
Without noticing that the blast had cleared away most of the mist around.<br/>
I, in the first time of my life, had done the thing called scream.<br/>
My body, what has become of my body?!<br/>
Not noticing my own situation, the me at that time hurriedly checked the place that had received the attack.<br/>
The part that had received that atrocious attack had been half burned and gouge out.<br/>
The inside of my heart that had gone blank with amazement was soon filled with rage.<br/>
With bloodshot eyes I search for that hyuman!<br/>
This is not a prey anymore. He is not a prey that I should hunt, he is a sworn enemy I must destroy!<br/>
But at this moment I shouldn’t have grown anxious about my wound.<br/>
I shouldn’t have lost sight of him.<br/>
Searching for him, I had finally found him in my field of vision!<br/>
He was in a close blind spot of mine.<br/>
What is this, what is this, what is this thing!!<br/>
"Desperation Hand Thrust!" (Makoto)<br/>
<br/>
Saying something I couldn’t understand well, he drives his fist into my cheek.<br/>
Feeling like a hammer had hit me, the insides of my head felt like stars were whirling. This is not the physical strength of a hyuman! Its like an Ogre or a Giant, or maybe even stronger than that?!<br/>
"If that isn’t enough then! Backhanded Fist!" (Makoto)<br/>
<br/>
Moreover, he attacks me in the same place!!<br/>
It was not in the same proportion as the last one!<br/>
It’s an outrageous power. Not only my face, all of my body is sent in the opposite direction.<br/>
But a reward has come after all the damage!<br/>
With this I will be able to once again slip into my mist.<br/>
I correct myself. This hyuman is dangerous, he is clearly not normal. There is no doubt that he is under the divine protection of someone.<br/>
As expected its one of the superior dragons? He is a hyuman, this kind of strengthening is just unbelievable.<br/>
Then that means… a god?!<br/>
That ever changing Goddess?!<br/>
If its that then it wouldn’t be that impossible. But this hyuman has the appearance of a normal person.<br/>
He doesn’t look like a person who would be able to gain the affection of that Goddess.<br/>
Then who in the world. I will not back down from the pain, this is my first time getting hit in the face. The burned part in my body still hurts.<br/>
Just what!<br/>
?!?!?!?!?!<br/>
"Why is the place I am in…?" (Shen)<br/>
Now, in my right side. He was… he was there.<br/>
No way. No matter what, inside the mist it should be impossible. It’s true that it has become thinner but for him to be able to…<br/>
"Now that it has come to this I will use my certain kill skill…" (Makoto)<br/>
His hand began to grow red. He said a really dangerous word. W-What is he… trying to do?<br/>
"Frog Jump UPPER!!" (Makoto)<br/>
Shoryuken!<br/>
He drives his fist onto my chin.<br/>
Then.<br/>
"Become a STAAAARR!!!" (Makoto)<br/>
Half of my body was sent flying by his fist. And just like that my body crumbled in the opposite direction.<br/>
In my consciousness that I could barely sustain.<br/>
Even if I hadn’t perished yet, this was an overwhelmingly dangerous dilemma.<br/>
What a humiliation.<br/>
I will not care about the methods I utilize. I understand this well.<br/>
In my collapsed state, I pretend that I have lost consciousness and begin to search for his location inside the mist.<br/>
I silently breathe a mist that is used for mirages.<br/>
Even without Asora, my powers are not that simple.<br/>
My true nature is mirage. I can peek into the memories of my target, after that I am able to reproduce illusions that my enemy wants or doesn’t want.<br/>
If I make a barrier of deep mist and pour in my power I can make the illusion even more real to the point that it’s no different from reality.<br/>
For some reason I can’t drag this guy to Asora.<br/>
Then taking this sudden situation into account I will just trap him inside this mist and ‘keep him’ until he dies.<br/>
It’s no good if it’s an illusion he doesn’t want. There might be problems if he struggles.<br/>
Showing him an illusion he wants, inside that happiness he will die of starvation. Hyuman, no matter how strengthened you are, with 10 days you should definitely die.<br/>
If 10 days is not enough 1 month, I can even go on for 1 year.<br/>
With my new resolution I search for the hyuman.<br/>
To think I would have to play dead and that I had to choose a way of killing that was like trying to curry favor.<br/>
With his back straightened, the man breathes.<br/>
But this is just him pretending. The mist around him is telling me that that man has not lowered his guard down. What a through attitude.<br/>
And slowly edging, he checks his surroundings. And without a single bit of negligence, he went ‘out of the mist’.<br/>
This time surely, his cautiousness will slacken. It’s something normal. There is no doubt that ‘he went out of the mist’, or so he thinks!<br/>
He didn’t chant an aria!<br/>
Now. The place he is in is a scenery of ‘out of the mist’ that I projected but its still ‘inside the mist’.<br/>
I can do it!<br/>
I open my eyes! And the hyuman jumps out in a single breath. As expected. To think he can move to that extend.<br/>
But you are too late.<br/>
"This is the end" (Shen)<br/>
<br/>
With flooding emotions I create a square space wrapped up by a barrier of mist.<br/>
—-<br/>
Images taken from Tsuki ga Michibiku manga that is translated by /AK/ scans<br/>
Previous Chapter  l  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
August 26, 2015August 27, 2015 ReigokaiUncategorized <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
