<br/>
This was a hella long chapter and also a complicated one to translate.<br/>
I ended up translating until 5:00 am. Yeah, when i begin translating i normally can’t stop.<br/>
Anyways, this shows a bit of backstory on our MC, i think? It may even be foreshadowing characters to come.<br/>
Enjoy ^^<br/>
—————<br/>
"N? This is… the clubs archery dojo?" (Makoto)<br/>
The inside of my mind is not clear. Why, am I here?<br/>
Suddenly… not, right?<br/>
If I am inside the dojo its club activities. The strange uneasiness disappears as I reorder my thoughts.<br/>
I am still wearing my dogi (TN: uniform for training used in japan).<br/>
In my hands I had my bow.<br/>
It’s the place I was supposed to be huh. Certainly, after sending everyone off, I trained alone in the bow.<br/>
This is no good. My mind went out somewhere in the low time that I can remain here.<br/>
"I feel that the captain (TN: changed president to captain) will get mad at me again" (Makoto)<br/>
To change my mood I sit down and decide to go with ‘hit in the middle’<br/>
Fire. Hit.<br/>
There is no opponent.<br/>
Continuing, another arrow. Hit.<br/>
The target in front of me is hit by my arrow. I take out the bamboo arrow and the shot arrow is remaining.<br/>
"Un, my condition is good" (Makoto)<br/>
Now that I think about it, it’s soon the time to change positions huh.<br/>
"The captain will most like be Higashi. I wonder who will become the vice-captain" (Makoto)<br/>
Mu. Again. My heart is noisy.<br/>
For my ‘hit in the middle’ to go far off is not something that happens often.<br/>
Why is it?<br/>
I place my bow aside for now and sit in seiza.<br/>
"Vice-captain. Vice-captain… was, me?" (Makoto)<br/>
I find the reason of my uneasiness.<br/>
What an incoherent thing.<br/>
I don’t remember wanting to be one though. Was I unexpectedly an ambitious person?<br/>
Then I should have aimed for captain at the very least. I am so small.<br/>
More like, the changing position has not occurred ‘yet’.<br/>
The senpais’ every year, before bon festival vacation, will announce the next captain and vice-captain. Probably inside the group they had decided this a long time ago though.<br/>
That is supposed to be the custom.<br/>
I look around the dojo.<br/>
I see a shadow that seemed to have slightly moved. But, when I try to look again there is no one. An optical illusion?<br/>
Well if no one has heard about it, then its fine though.<br/>
"fu…" (Makoto)<br/>
My feelings calm down.<br/>
The third shot was right in the middle. It pierced the arrow before it. Somehow, though.<br/>
Let’s finish this for today.<br/>
Unexpectedly deciding to finish ahead of time, I left with slight regret. If my condition was good I would have continued.<br/>
In my field of vision I see my tools receptacle.<br/>
I find there a personal bow that I am used to see.<br/>
That’s right, before finishing I would always use that one at least once. Why is it that I almost forgot to even do that?<br/>
An anxiety that drove uneasiness on me.<br/>
Holding the bow I pull the string. Compared to the one before, this one offers more resistance. However, that for me is more comfortable.<br/>
"Fu!!" (Makoto)<br/>
I unintentionally let out a voice from this sensation I haven’t felt for a long time. I have done this every day and yet why do I feel like this?<br/>
The arrow I shot in a place considerably far from the target, pierces it.<br/>
Damn. Even though I was always trying to miss it.<br/>
"No choice. Though taking it out is quite troublesome" (Makoto)<br/>
Breathing a sigh I head to recover the arrow, then after ending the troublesome job I put everything in order and finish changing.<br/>
Changing into my uniform again I finish inspecting and head for the exit.<br/>
In that place, a single girl was there.<br/>
—<br/>
"Senpai, otsukaresama (TN: thanks for your hard work today)"<br/>
The one who said this set phrase was my kohai.<br/>
I recall that she is the girl who joined late to our club. She is a really zealous person and has already reached the level of the new recruits. Rather, she has surpassed them.<br/>
After all, there aren’t many who have experience in archery before middle school. The one with experience says so.<br/>
"Ah, Hasegawa huh. What’s wrong? Did you stay here until now?" (Makoto)<br/>
"A, yes. I, before vacations, there was something I must… you know…" (Hasegawa)<br/>
"N? If it’s to hit the target you have already done it right?" (Makoto)<br/>
If I’m not mistaken, she told me she had such a goal.<br/>
But If I remember right, she has already achieved her goal in July, when she hit the head of the target.<br/>
In my eyes it was a fluke shot. And it wasn’t in the middle but just a hit.<br/>
Though, even if it was a fluke, it meant that she had reached the level where she could accomplish that. Her improvement was fast. At least she is a lot faster than me.<br/>
"No, it’s not that, a~… Don’t you know?!" (Hasegawa)<br/>
"About what? I don’t know at all. Aa, did you forget something?" (Makoto)<br/>
Hasegawa slightly droops her shoulders after hearing my words.<br/>
The girl hung her head down, her black hair that was tinted red by the light was swaying with the wind. Just like when I taught her about posture, her hair was put together in a side ponytail.<br/>
A pony tail will forever be one romance of us men, but a side tail also has a meaning to it.<br/>
Seeing the girl with a different style of hair, and helping me in a new thing I had though out, I unconsciously told her ‘it suits you’.<br/>
That she later faithfully always came in that same hairstyle made me remember the name of the girl.<br/>
The me who has short hair has not tried it before but with that hair of hers, doesn’t it hurt when she puts it up like that?<br/>
"Misumi-senpai" (Hasegawa)<br/>
The girl’s voice brings me back from my delusion mode.<br/>
"Un? What is it?" (Makoto)<br/>
If it’s some distress I have to help her resolve it. Of course, it has to be in the range of what I can do. As a senpai I want to show her my capacity.<br/>
"I have admired you for a long time. I like you. Please go out with me" (Hasegawa)<br/>
"??"<br/>
"??"<br/>
"??"<br/>
An incredible silence. Even though there should be miscellaneous sounds geez. I couldn’t feel or hear any of those.<br/>
… Yes?<br/>
What did this girl say?<br/>
Ihavealwaysadmiredyou?<br/>
Ilikeyou?<br/>
Pleasegooutwithme?<br/>
What am I even saying? I am not even that attractive. I want to say that the inside is but from the taste of people it would be faster to count them backwards. That kind of level.<br/>
Studying, well only in the subjects I like but I am regular at it.<br/>
Aside from archery, in physical ed. I am in the mid-top, no, right in the middle.<br/>
Moreover, the kohai in front of me is looking up to me, a bit, a bit!<br/>
A bit okay?!<br/>
However, in the club, especially this girl, shouldn’t have those kind of feelings for me though?<br/>
"Sen,pai?" (Hasegawa)<br/>
Timidly after the confession she raises up her lowered head. Hasegawa was looking at me fervently.<br/>
You have to look a bit more up, te! Now is not the time for that.<br/>
"Nonono. Wait, wait please" (Makoto)<br/>
I picture the situation. To be able to comprehend the present scenario I have to ask a number of questions to the girl. First, from the most important point.<br/>
"You, what you said the first day when you registered to the club, what was that?" (Makoto)<br/>
"That?" (Hasegawa)<br/>
"You certainly declared even though I didn’t asked, that you already had a boyfriend didn’t you? What was that? Are you telling me you already broke up with him?!" (Makoto)<br/>
"That was, before I entered the club, my friends told me of Ibuki-senpai. I thought I had to have some protection so I unintentionally…" (Hasegawa)<br/>
"It was a lie?!" (Makoto)<br/>
"Yes" (Hasegawa)<br/>
What encouraging words! I mean, to think her friends would be worried to the point of being cautious when she decided to join, all because of the bad friend of mine, Ibuki (tears)<br/>
"But you, when I tried to correct your posture you tried to hit me with the bow going ‘Hiaaaa!!!’ or something like that and screamed quite loudly" (Makoto)<br/>
That’s why for the sake of her not misunderstanding, I kept in mind to have the slightest amount of skinship with her.<br/>
At first I used the method of asking one of the girl members to teach her what I told her, but.<br/>
It would take the hands of double the people so I decided it was extremely pointless and stopped it.<br/>
To fall in love because of that?! No, that is impossible! If that was it I would already have a girlfriend by now!<br/>
How unpopular I am? Well, it is to the point that I want to seal it in my dark history. That’s how unpopular I know I am.<br/>
If I say it one by one I would end up standing here all day so I would like to refrain from it!<br/>
"That is, because you touched me so suddenly? So I unintentionally. Senpai came from behind me when my heart wasn’t prepared yet so…" (Hasegawa)<br/>
"A~I see, I am sorry. Hey, Hasegawa" (Makoto)<br/>
"Yes" (Hasegawa)<br/>
"I am sorry, I have no intention of going out with you. This may be old but I want to begin dating when I fall in love. That’s why if you suddenly tell me that I can’t accept it" (Makoto)<br/>
This opportunity may not come twice but, ‘I will like her after I date’, that kind of thinking I have some opposition to it.<br/>
If I love someone I will confess from my side and then if she accepts, I we will date. That’s how I like it.<br/>
I do think it’s stupid. Ibuki also tells me that a lot. Then if there is a girl that likes you and confesses to you, you will wait until you have the same feelings for her to confess and refuse all those girls? Is what he said.<br/>
‘What is wrong with falling in love while dating?’ those words he told me, I thought they were correct and I understand them but, no matter what, my feelings just won’t accept it. I am a fool.<br/>
"I don’t want!" (Hasegawa)<br/>
"Eeee?!" (Makoto)<br/>
What is with this turn of events?<br/>
This is not in my dictionary.<br/>
"Then its fine if it’s just a testing time! After that please fall in love with me! Is that no good senpai? Ma… Makoto-san!" (Hasegawa) (TN: to say your first name is a really kinky thing in Japan (lol))<br/>
Bufuwu!!!<br/>
What is with this god-like development? Game? What kind of love game is this?<br/>
Even with opportunism this is too much! This is way too convenient for the boy. With what taken into account did things become like this?!<br/>
I slightly panic.<br/>
"H-Hey Hasegawa! You, is that fine with you?!" (Makoto)<br/>
"Please call me Nukumi! Or is it that you… you actually already have another girl in your heart?!" (Hasegawa)<br/>
"No there is no such thing but…" (Makoto)<br/>
It was a little violent tone. To be pressured all the time is something like this huh.<br/>
Furthermore when I try to think for a bit and lower my head, a body that was developing well which I could tell even with her uniform on, I couldn’t just rudely look at it.<br/>
My sight was shifting to her breast!<br/>
In the end I had to talk with her while staring directly at her face.<br/>
"It’s okay right?! A test, if after that you reject me, I won’t cry so!" (Hasegawa)<br/>
That’s a lie! You will definitely cry with the current flow.<br/>
Uuhh…<br/>
I can’t reject her.<br/>
"Well, if you are really fine with it. But I want to hear one thing first. Why me? It’s sad for me to say it but, what did you fall for?" (Makoto)<br/>
"The appearance of senpai using the bow just like now" (Hasegawa)<br/>
"You were watching?!" (Makoto)<br/>
Nod.<br/>
"The first time I saw it, when you stayed last I would always watch you" (Hasegawa) (TN: dude that’s scary. Or is it only me?)<br/>
"… Then?" (Makoto)<br/>
"I thought it was incredibly beautiful. That moment, not only in the club, without having any interest in anything else, I practiced with the bow every day. To enter here I tried my very best so when I passed my objective suddenly vanished" (Hasegawa)<br/>
"??" (Makoto)<br/>
"Then, seeing senpai’s figure a number of times I…" (Hasegawa)<br/>
"You were watching me a number of times?!" (Makoto)<br/>
I didn’t even notice. What a blunder.<br/>
"I began thinking that I wanted to know more of this person. That’s why I entered the archery club" (Hasegawa)<br/>
So it was from the very beginning. To think my private enjoyment after training had been seen and moreover by someone who wasn’t even a member. From now restrain, can’t do it. Let’s just be more alert of my surroundings from now on.<br/>
"To tell you after I joined was… no good anymore so" (Hasegawa)<br/>
"I, I see. Thanks Hasegawa. I’m a little happy" (Makoto)<br/>
I stop the girl who tried to continue, with a word of gratitude. She felt something for me after watching me using the bow, this is the first time I have heard that from a girl from my own generation after all.<br/>
"Nu.Ku.Mi des!" (Hasegawa)<br/>
"I’m sorry. This isn’t something that can be fixed with effort. For now please forgive me. And for today just go back home. It’s late and dark already after all. The station is close to here so you should be fine right?" (Makoto)<br/>
It would be fine if I said that I would accompany her there but as expected I couldn’t say it.<br/>
"A, yes! Somehow, after saying it I feel refreshed. Senpai, in the summer vacations let’s play a lot okay?" (Hasegawa)<br/>
"Yeah. I am looking forward to it" (Makoto)<br/>
I wave at her. Suddenly I feel a creaking and uncomfortable feeling. I felt as if something inside me cried out loud.<br/>
I have been confessed ‘to’ for the first time in my life, an incredibly important event after all. In the middle of seeing her off, to feel a bit odd is not strange.<br/>
Well I haven’t ‘done it’ myself. For now. (TN: he is referring to confessing)<br/>
"Wa~ I was surprised. To think this would happen to me in my life" (Makoto)<br/>
Putting on my shoes I decide to finally leave the dojo.<br/>
"You are leaving pretty late Misumi"<br/>
At that place.<br/>
"Higashi" (Makoto)<br/>
The classmate that I think will most likely become the captain.<br/>
With her back leant to the outer wall she looked at me with a pretty awkward expression.<br/>
—-<br/>
"It is a bit surprising. Misumi has begun walking as well" (Higashi)<br/>
"Y, yeah" (Makoto)<br/>
Me and Higashi Azuma. From the gate of the school I accompany Higashi on the way home.<br/>
Without doubts she saw the life changing event that happened just now.<br/>
I felt that Higashi was unusually nervous, no doubt about it.<br/>
At this kind of moments what should I talk about, I seriously don’t know.<br/>
"I didn’t think I would happen to witness such a scene. When I am watching the guys from the club it is not something impossible but…" (Higashi)<br/>
Spilling a bitter smile Higashi looks at me. Her eye height should be the same as mine yet I felt like it was a bit higher right now. I am still in my teens so I still have room right?!<br/>
"But, I am sorry! I didn’t expect such a situation to happen to you! It’s not like I came here knowing it would happen so I’m truly sorry!" (Higashi)<br/>
"What’s bothering you is incredibly rude. Though it hurts that I can’t say anything against that!" (Makoto)<br/>
Mu~ I groan.<br/>
Now that I think about it.<br/>
Higashi must have something to talk to me about if she is waiting for me here. She is not the type to peak on others conversations so.<br/>
She has a candid boy-like personality. It’s not only because of that but it makes it easy to talk with her.<br/>
It’s an envious type that makes her popular to both men and women.<br/>
Even if I say so, her body is not thin but has a healthy looking style and makes me think that she looks womanly. Leaving the precocious-looking Hasegawa aside. I implore you, please share some height with me.<br/>
Well it’s not like being bigger is better. (TN: so many out of context in this chapter. Or is it just me?)<br/>
Her excellent style and her proportions being in the proper place style gives her a passing mark is what I think.<br/>
Inside of me, Higashi is viewed as an attractive girl. If there was a ranking of the ideal girl friends, within the school she would without doubt be in the tops.<br/>
By the way, there exists a secret ane-sama (TL: older sis) ranking and she placed second. That there were quite a lot of third years participating as well is the terrifying part. (TN: Because she is in second-year)<br/>
To make even the seniors yearn for her, hehe, let’s restrain here.<br/>
"Well, it’s okay. Then? Don’t you also have business with me?" (Makoto)<br/>
Umu? Wait a moment. That she also has some business, could it be?<br/>
I once again meet with the wrinkle. I can’t see it though.<br/>
"Well, yeah" (Higashi)<br/>
The voice of Higashi that seemed to have some hesitation. Her tone was also one level lower. Then is it what I thought?!<br/>
"Did you also see me while I was committing myself in ‘hitting the middle’?!" (Makoto)<br/>
"Ha?! What is it so suddenly? Well I have seen it though" (Higashi)<br/>
"Gupooo, I thought no one had seen it" (Makoto) (TN: no dud, being alone in a dojo after everyone is gone is pretty conspicuous if you ask me)<br/>
I was in agony. I was holding my head with both hands.<br/>
It was my secret time. For that reason I accepted to clean everything after everyone was gone!!<br/>
What a situation!!<br/>
Higashi is making a face like ‘what is it after so long’<br/>
I writhe even more!! I faint in agony!<br/>
"Well, occasionally. And it’s not like you closed up the dojo so there was no secret to begin with" (Higashi)<br/>
"But, the archery dojo is at the outskirts of the school you know? When the club activities finish and everyone goes home, there should be no one remaining?!" (Makoto)<br/>
"If someone forgot anything it would be busted in a second though" (Higashi)<br/>
"I properly make sure there is no such thing before I begin so there is no way" (Makoto)<br/>
"Why are you talking like a spoiled child? Even if there are no such things, there are persons that would come anyways thinking so right? More like, that is how it happened with me" (Higashi)<br/>
"Is your memory serving you right?!" (Makoto)<br/>
"Well I am a human after all" (Higashi)<br/>
Wu wu, I feel like I have been completely defeated.<br/>
"I will continue the conversation okay?" (Higashi)<br/>
The Higashi-san that looks like pitying me.<br/>
It’s okay, just continue what you wanted to say.<br/>
Surrendering, I nod. When I return home I will begin a new game. It would be good if it heals me.<br/>
"Today you see, before beginning the club activities. The senpais’ called me and told me if I wanted to be the next captain" (Higashi)<br/>
"And?" (Makoto)<br/>
What is she trying to tell me? More like, everyone thinks you are the number one candidate you know?<br/>
"And?! Can’t you have a bit more of a reaction than that?!" (Higashi)<br/>
"E?" (Makoto)<br/>
This time it was the turn of Higashi to get flustered. I wasn’t really trying to mess with her as I honestly answered her though. Because I could tell she was seriously speaking out.<br/>
In proportion to how bad my face is (That I am saying this feels really salty though) I am a black belt at reading the mood.<br/>
"Let me ask you in another way. Aside from you, who else can it be?" (Makoto)<br/>
"E, a, well that, umm, you maybe?" (Higashi)<br/>
There she suddenly shoots at me that is out of range.<br/>
"You know, I won’t be appearing in tournaments. I won’t be doing external matches, so what would happen to the top people of our club? Moreover, this club has always been succeeded by women" (Makoto)<br/>
That’s right. Aside from the fact that I won’t participate in matches, in our club for some reason the captain has always been a woman.<br/>
"You say that but I think you have the ability to overturn that though" (Higashi)<br/>
"Hey hey" (Makoto)<br/>
"Besides, the one that is most respected in the club is probably you" (Higashi)<br/>
"Hey hey hey!" (Makoto)<br/>
What is it, the Higashi today is unusually negative.<br/>
For a person that would cheerfully break a bamboo in two, for that girl, this is really unusual.<br/>
"It’s because those senpai don’t know true ability. I tried to recommend you but in the end they said that they want me to do it" (Higashi)<br/>
What kind of dangerous recommendation are you doing? That sort of discussion was not brought up to the other ane-samas (TN: older girls) so I was sure that would not happen though.<br/>
To think it was a paper thin chance. Live lazily lazily.<br/>
Is it my imagination, I could hear my cold sweat running down.<br/>
The two of us that were walking together are now in the middle of a long downhill. When we finish crossing this we arrive at the market area. There were lots of people passing by but we were the only ones who were returning from school at this time.<br/>
"Hey" (Higashi)<br/>
Higashi, saying that she turns her face to me.<br/>
When I turn to respond to her, she tightly holds both of my arms around the elbow with her two hands and Higashi turns my body to face her.<br/>
Of course, we face each other.<br/>
I felt that the strength of the two hands that held me had weakened a bit.<br/>
"Misumi. Would you please be the captain?" (Higashi)<br/>
"Higashi, I can’t do that. Just like how I thought of, everyone in the club also thinks that you would be the captain, we think you are able to" (Makoto)<br/>
"That, if Misumi just shows a round in front of everyone it should be fine! If you show them how you can pierce the previous arrow with another one they would all turn obedient!" (Higashi)<br/>
"Higashi!" (Makoto)<br/>
I was puzzled in what I should do but I shake off the hands of the girl that held me and conversely I take hold of both of her shoulders.<br/>
The body of the girl that was shaking slightly, the moment I held her she trembled heavily and then stopped. Her eyes seemed to grow slightly cloudy.<br/>
Sadly, I can’t choose the words that she wants to hear. That Higashi has the capacity to be the captain is clear after all. That’s why I have to give her self-confidence.<br/>
"This may sound mediocre but, I know that you can do it. The people around you will surely cooperate as well. No, I will make them do it! Anyhow, you, try doing it okay?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Really?" (Higashi)<br/>
Is she scared? I haven’t yelled at Higashi even once. More like, she was so excellent that there was no need to. A person that is fun to be beside with.<br/>
That’s right, this girl has never shown me her weak side. That’s why seeing the Higashi in front of me is a bit hard for me.<br/>
"Yeah, I assure you. Of course, I will be helping as well" (Makoto)<br/>
"Then, will you be the vice-captain?" (Higashi)<br/>
"A~ of course I wi- Ha?!" (Makoto)<br/>
"You will do it right?" (Higashi)<br/>
Was I set up?<br/>
Was I… used?<br/>
No, we are talking about Higashi. This must be how she really felt.<br/>
I feel that I can’t refuse at all. To refuse here is like trying to refuse the kings request and being caught in an infinite loop, that level of impossible!<br/>
"That’s cheap~ Yes yes, I will do it, vice-captain. In these long years to come, please take care of me, future leader" (Makoto)<br/>
"Heee~ then is it okay if I ask one more thing?" (Higashi)<br/>
With her still cloudy eyes she shows me a smile.<br/>
A creak. Again something is…<br/>
An alarm is ringing. And it’s even stronger than before. What is this?<br/>
"Hey, go out with me" (Higashi)<br/>
"A~ yes yes. Wait, waaaa?!" (Makoto)<br/>
"Aha! It’s good to try. Please take care of me, boyfriend~♫" (Higashi)<br/>
"Wa wa wa wa" (Makoto)<br/>
"What~ is it~?" (Higashi)<br/>
"Don’t ‘what is it?’ me! You were watching right?!" (Makoto)<br/>
The event where I was confessed to.<br/>
The answer of the uncool me and the ‘result’ of it.<br/>
"Yeah" (Higashi)<br/>
She gave me a really dull answer.<br/>
I don’t know, this kind of Higashi I have never seen it before. This is kind of ‘girly’ faced Higashi.<br/>
"But you are in a testing period with Hasegawa right? I don’t mind it you know?" (Higashi)<br/>
"Wa?!" (Makoto)<br/>
It’s like telling me I can two time.<br/>
That Higashi is? To the kohai that also confessed to me and is in the same club?<br/>
Creak, creak.<br/>
I felt a pain that was like if screwing inside my mind and the alarms that continued as if accompanying it.<br/>
This is wrong. This is not Higashi.<br/>
"This kind of thing never happened in reality!" (Makoto)<br/>
Again. The same feeling of being watched that I felt in the dojo. But there is something different!<br/>
"Don’t think that deeply about it. I and that girl are okay to just be tested. You can just freely taste us and then choose the one you like. I, if it’s Misumi I am okay with being second you know?" (Higashi)<br/>
With a refreshing face Higashi gently walks a step forward. To where I am. Her hands were placed on top of my chest. Did she bend her knees a little, her face closed on to my cheek.<br/>
Creak! Creak! Creak! Creak!<br/>
Yeah, it’s wrong!<br/>
The smell of Higashi’s hair instills a desire in me. But!!<br/>
This is wrong! It wasn’t ‘like’ this!<br/>
In reality.<br/>
In the memories inside of me!<br/>
It was something that had left a much more worse aftertaste.<br/>
Creak. The pain of the alarm weakens. In exchange, the surroundings began to wane. Is this the fault of the tears? No that’s not it!<br/>
It was a heavy memory but it was still an important one! It, It wasn’t a stupid thing like this!!<br/>
Hasegawa and Higashi.<br/>
They were stubborn, but they weren’t that resilient about it! The two people that I had hurt!<br/>
That’s why this is…<br/>
My head begins to knock. The alarm continues. But it’s weak. That’s right, that alarm is my reality.<br/>
"This is not my reality" (Makoto)<br/>
How frail, I am ashamed of the me that was played to this point.<br/>
To the me that must have wanted these two to do this kind of fools play, I am ashamed.<br/>
The tears that flowed from my regrets I wiped them off with my sleeves.<br/>
The world that was warping heavily.<br/>
To think this is an illusion.<br/>
I who had already understood the general situation am now firmly looking at the world around me once again.<br/>
There I am, just inside a deep, very deep mist.<br/>
"That wasn’t on the level of mirage. Damn it, damn it!!" (Makoto)<br/>
If I am a bit careless I will surely be swallowed by that illusion again. Next time with what kind of carnal desire, to which other person that I can’t meet anymore will I tarnish?<br/>
That kind of thing, I don’t want to see it again. I will not be able to take it.<br/>
But before I think of a clear way to get out of here. I have to hit the walls of this small world at least once or my heart won’t settle.<br/>
I have to clear away this regret and pitifulness. No, I can’t go without doing so.<br/>
"Shen, I thank you for reminding me of my pitifulness" (Makoto)<br/>
Without effort I find the wall. The walls that enclosed me in this deep mist.<br/>
I am sorry Ibuki. My important bad friend. I have always wanted to tell you something and because of my diffidence I wasn’t able to tell you.<br/>
But this is another world. In the words of another country to compare it to a well or the cavity of a tree wouldn’t be a problem right? (TN: I don’t understand what he is saying here clearly どこかの国で言うと井戸や木のうろに例えて問題は無いよね。)<br/>
The friend of mine in the previous world, the actions of him after seeing my shameful sights, float inside my mind.<br/>
Of course, I who was too ashamed to say anything made him as if he was in the wrong, the face of that me that I wanted to hit ‘also’ appeared inside of me.<br/>
"Anyways, you…!" (Makoto)<br/>
My passion was cooling down so I whispered the aria of brid multiple times.<br/>
"Calling out one girl after the other!!" (Makoto)<br/>
A red light revolves and envelops my right hand and forms a spherical shape. It may be my imagination but I felt that the power of this was a lot higher than the last time I used it.<br/>
It’s most likely because of the tension!!<br/>
I stand firm on the surface with my left leg as if trying to bring it down.<br/>
Using the way of shooting a straight I saw in a boxing manga as reference!<br/>
In my hand I carried the fire ball!<br/>
"I am already tired of your shit Ibukiiii!!!" (Makoto)<br/>
To my club friend, to the friend Ibuki that has received how many talents of heaven, along with all of my dissatisfaction, I with all of my strength hit the wall!!<br/>
——–<br/>
Explanation: Yeah, the chapter may not be very clear and its trying to be ‘mysterious’ in the past of MC. So what happened in reality we dont know yet.<br/>
But what happened here must have been REALLY, REALLY close to reality. For example: the part he was tricked into becoming a vice-captain or when he was confessed. It may all have been true except for the parts where even after rejected they still continued attacking.<br/>
Now the relationship of Ibuki and MC that everyone is having issues with. Ibuki is a bad friend of MC. He laughed at MC’s misery every time he had the chance. He is also a womanizer and is a very talented person so MC doesn’t like him and I don’t either. The end 🙂<br/>
Previous Chapter  l  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
				__ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
					__ATA.initDynamicSlot({<br/>
						id: 'atatags-977445811-5e88815a02936',<br/>
						location: 120,<br/>
						formFactor: '001',<br/>
						label: {<br/>
							text: 'Advertisements',<br/>
						},<br/>
						creative: {<br/>
							reportAd: {<br/>
								text: 'Report this ad',<br/>
							},<br/>
							privacySettings: {<br/>
								text: 'Privacy settings',<br/>
							}<br/>
						}<br/>
					});<br/>
				});<br/>
			<br/>
<br/>
            __ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
                __ATA.initVideoSlot('atatags-977445815-5e88815a02969', {<br/>
                    sectionId: '977445815',<br/>
                    format: 'inread'<br/>
                });<br/>
            });<br/>
        <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
August 27, 2015September 5, 2015 ReigokaiUncategorized <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
