<br/>
~Shen POV~<br/>
Supremacy must refer to this.<br/>
A mysterious existence. Mysterious experiences. Mysterious memories.<br/>
To think about destroying this would be a stupid thing to do.<br/>
Trapping him in the mist barrier. While I was checking out the memories of the enemy hyuman I was shocked.<br/>
By the way, I don’t know what kind of illusion he is being shown. I just pour in the power inside this barrier and can only decide if the direction of the illusion will be pleasure or fear.<br/>
Normally after that there wouldn’t be any problems. If it goes into the fear side most of them would die and a lot of them would also struggle. If its pleasure, the struggle would be low but the time it takes for them to die would get longer.<br/>
For speed its fear, for safety I would go for pleasure. That’s how I divided the use of them.<br/>
But this time, to have chosen this method made me feel terribly ashamed.<br/>
This memories are wonderful. Just, wonderful.<br/>
This enemy, no, this man, it was hard to believe but, he was someone that had come from another world.<br/>
Memories can’t lie. There is no source more truthful than this.<br/>
An unknown existence unknown existence unknown existence.<br/>
Even with my long time here I have never seen such memories before, he was a person of great interest.<br/>
To let this living being to die. Such a thing is something that shouldn’t be done.<br/>
Especially, this.<br/>
This that seems to be one of the hobbies of this man.<br/>
It jolted my heart with a tremendous force.<br/>
I don’t want these memories that seemed like I had cut them off, I don’t want dead memories.<br/>
I want memories that are alive. I want to hear it directly from him. And I want to converse with him.<br/>
In his strength, his treasures, his existence.<br/>
I don’t remember a time where my heart has been moved so much. Is this what they call interest?<br/>
It wasn’t just a whim, from the bottom of my heart I knew that this was interest.<br/>
I don’t want to lose him.<br/>
I want to know. That’s why I won’t let this person die.<br/>
I have to release him. To enclose him in a dangerous barrier is a foolish thing to do.<br/>
The moment I release him I should talk with him.<br/>
For the sake of that, what should I do?<br/>
I have to let him know that I don’t feel hostility for him anymore.<br/>
Using a word from his world it would be, show your stomach and everything will be understood?<br/>
I don’t understand.<br/>
But, first of all I should release him and then ask for his state. If he is surprised I should be able to use that as a trigger to begin a conversation.<br/>
I have already learned human words. There should be no problem.<br/>
Though, he can speak with the orcs so he should be able to speak with me as well.<br/>
"Then" (Shen)<br/>
Thinking I should release the barrier, I look at it. Anyhow, it’s my first time that I have been this entranced in a person’s memories so.<br/>
What a sweet feeling.<br/>
But once again, I was the one who ended up being surprised.<br/>
Inside the barrier I could sense the activation of power.<br/>
It was quite the power.<br/>
I can hear something.<br/>
"Anyways… girls… after the other!" (Makoto)<br/>
What is it, the power has increased even more. The barrier is crying.<br/>
"Already… tyr…. kiiiiii!!!" (Makoto)<br/>
"Oooh?!" (Shen)<br/>
The mist that was in the surface of the barrier disappeared as if crying.<br/>
And then.<br/>
A dull and dreadful sound rose out, my barrier, for the first time, had been destroyed from the inside.<br/>
How out of the standard can you be? Just how powerful is that power that the God from the other world has given you?<br/>
Cold sweat.<br/>
Thinking about that attack hitting me send shivers down my body.<br/>
Showing my stomach, I prepare myself to round my eyes the best way possible. (TN: Yeah I imagine her going all kawaii mode) To how lovely I can look, I don’t have much confidence though.<br/>
Most likely he thinks of me more in the animal class. Not the pet type but the wild animal class. To what extend I can look as a caring animal, I am a bit insecure.<br/>
And then, he appeared.<br/>
"Hey" (Makoto)<br/>
In a really calm voice he calls me out and my body hardens.<br/>
"I am sorry, good man that has come from another world. I now know the circumstances of the destruction of the gate. I have learned that it was a misfortunate accident. I will also apologize for my quick temper. Could you please lower you weapon?" (Shen)<br/>
"Wa?" (Makoto)<br/>
"I will add this to my apology, I have read your memories. I don’t know the contents but that I have shown you an unpleasant illusion, I apologize from the bottom of my heart" (Shen)<br/>
"… That wasn’t something you had shown me?" (Makoto)<br/>
"I can choose if it will be pleasure or pain but the details and the contents are dependent on the target" (Shen)<br/>
When I answered him like this, he crouched while holding his head. ‘So it’s as I thought~’ is what he groaned.<br/>
"Other world person, I am Shen. A superior dragon and an existence that is called "invincible". Just as you know, I am particularly good at illusions" (Shen)<br/>
I made a decision that would make the me from yesterday laugh.<br/>
"A, I see… I am Misumi Makoto. If I said Misumi Makoto would you understand? (TN: he says it twice. One in kanji and the other in hiragana. I wish he would use Hiragana for names more often) You may already know but I have come from another world" (Makoto)<br/>
I already knew but him saying it shocks me for a second. To watch memories is deep that’s for sure. For the sake of the future this is something that must be said.<br/>
"Makoto-dono, won’t you sign a pact (TN: I will use pact instead of contract) with me?" (Shen)<br/>
I have already decided to follow this man. I already know that he is close to a traveler and that he is aiming to head to human settlement. A human settlement, it was more like he was looking for people.<br/>
Then a pact is fine.<br/>
I will follow him as a partner.<br/>
I will lent him my power and I want him to talk to me about his experiences. Especially about ‘that’<br/>
"Uh? A pact? Like a summoning beast?" (Makoto)<br/>
"It’s an event that can only be done one-on-one, it vaguely differs depending on circumstances. The existences that are in my class most likely can only do this once. I can brag about me being the strongest class. I promise you that I will not bring any loses to you!" (Shen)<br/>
His way of seeing things may be a bit different but it must still be pretty similar.<br/>
"N? To have more people along is better?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Yes! Yes! I am extremely interested in your hobbies! Please do give me a favorable answer!" (Shen)<br/>
Yes, those wonderful memories. With just a glance they captured everything of me.<br/>
"Guha!! What kind of threat is that?! What did I get my hands on?!" (Makoto)<br/>
For some reason he was crouching and agonizing.<br/>
"How is it? I think it’s something that will bring benefits for both of us though" (Shen)<br/>
"Gugugugu, you schemer. Alright, I get it! I will be counting on you" (Makoto)<br/>
"Yes! I as well in the many years to come, I will be counting on you!" (Shen)<br/>
With his approval I began the process of the pact with me as the lead. He doesn’t know the process of it so it’s a matter of course.<br/>
A pact of 50-50. This is absurd, the configuration I am trying to push is not maintaining at all. How out of the standards.<br/>
A 70-30 parent and child pact. Impossible, this is also pushed away. Just how much maryoku does he have?<br/>
An 80-20 ruling pact. I was somehow able to retain the configuration. To think I would be pressured down to this point. My pride as a superior dragon is a bit hurt.<br/>
I can’t maintain my consciousness any longer. This is the first time I think that being a dragon is a good thing.<br/>
A ruling pact, in essence I would be his familiar, no, it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that I am his slave.<br/>
Fufufufu. Isn’t that fine.<br/>
I am looking forward to what he, no, that great person will do in the future.<br/>
It seems that in the next hundred or less years.<br/>
It will be the most fun times I will have in my whole life.<br/>
Being liberated from my boredom, I felt my heart shaking in joy.<br/>
"Then once more, please take care of me, my master, Misumi-sama" (Shen)<br/>
****<br/>
TN: Slave get! I mean, Harem member +1!<br/>
An easy to translate chapter with not as many idioms as in the last chapter.<br/>
I really wish the other chapters are like this.<br/>
Previous Chapter  l  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
August 27, 2015August 28, 2015 ReigokaiUncategorized <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
