<br/>
This was an incredibly complicated chapter.<br/>
Explanations are a headache for me. With every chapter i make i respect more and more the other translators.<br/>
Anyways, enjoy! ^^<br/>
——<br/>
After that it has been 2 days. Anyhow, all day has been so rich that I feel like vomiting. I realized that my high school life was filled with peace and calm.<br/>
The highland orcs seemed to be adapting to Asora. In my afternoon breaks and in my evening meals at those two times I in the beginning had asked the current state of affairs and the situation from Ema-san and a few others.<br/>
There were no problems in all daily necessities, they are absurdly grateful. I myself haven’t done anything though.<br/>
Shen seems to be seriously trying to create a TV.<br/>
She is trying to create a device that can project memories. In the times we are taking breaks in Asora, she is wrinkling her mind and thinking.<br/>
Things like recordings, HDD and DVD’s unbelievably, she had some ideas about them and in an immediate judgment she went to get it. It was a transparent crystal that looked like it would have a name of its own. I could feel that it was clearly a high class good.<br/>
Her ability to act for some reason makes me have a bad premonition of the future.<br/>
By the way, are peoples’ memories something that can be converted to clear images? With that question in mind I asked Shen but.<br/>
Shen says that the thing called ‘memories’ people just forget the place they placed it, the recorded memories itself don’t deteriorate.<br/>
So that means that only she can interfere in the area that memories have not been lost.<br/>
It’s possible for her to drag out the memories that even the person itself has forgotten. What a useful power she has.<br/>
I am the ruler of the one that controls this power, Shen. I have prevented her to peak whenever she wants, I should be happy about that.<br/>
In all of that, I thought of the volcano that we would arrive soon to.<br/>
There seemed to be dwarfs there.<br/>
Finally humanoid types.<br/>
Shen is right now in humanoid form too though.<br/>
If they are how I imagine, they will have abundant beard and be blacksmiths. If that’s true I feel that Shen would go ask them to make her a katana. I pity them.<br/>
Watching the highland orcs being ordered by her and trying their best to sew a kimono for her, I felt like wanting to cry.<br/>
The plan of Shen to increase the population I have heard it before.<br/>
If we continue like this, by the time we exit the ends of the world I have an anxiety that we will end up with an army of end of the world races.<br/>
This place not only is it a famous area but it also covers a good ratio of the world, a wasteland that is called the ends.<br/>
In this coarse environment the ones living here are brutal demonic beasts or demi-humans who have a peculiarity or two.<br/>
Every race in here is used to living here and their combat power is to some extent high. If we were to take them out the power balance of the world would crumble.<br/>
"Well, taking into account that the dwarfs are using the volcanoes as their headquarters I think there will probably be no problems. I should just ignore the battle flags the best I can" (Makoto)<br/>
We have come up to this point and the dwarf people are not asking to be saved. And their living place is a volcano, yeah, a fitting place. It should be alright, should be alright.<br/>
Shen might do something but honestly, without a signal or anything like that I will feel goose bumps in my body no matter what.<br/>
The girl that tells me about a mirage city and old dramas, and the many other things that she wants to do, I just don’t have the energy to stop her.<br/>
Anyways, right now I am in a state of groping around. I don’t have a second objective after reaching the human settlement.<br/>
Even if I stay in Asora, all I basically do is train and confirm my power balance.<br/>
I am slumped really.<br/>
The power of using myself as the center and creating an area, I am continuing to inspect it in a positive manner.<br/>
As expected the scope and power work in an inverse proportion. And then, when activating it the maryoku around remains unchanged. Even Shen can’t feel when I activate it.<br/>
What a stealth, what a cheat. I will say it how many times, as expected of one of the Mikiko, who took all of his energy and generously gave it to me.<br/>
In reality, I have called an orc that has been injured, created a small area that fit two people and assigned a healing property to it. I could see the wound disappear before my eyes. The effectiveness was better than I thought.<br/>
When I made it so the area only covered me, I gave it an enhancement property and cut a tree with a knife. Without even finishing turning it properly, the trees and shrubs in the area were cut like butter.<br/>
Adding the enhancement using maryoku I was able to stop the sword of a highland orc warrior with my hands. The enhancement that utilized maryoku had a good affinity in my body, it felt really comfy to use it.<br/>
For the time being I decided to call it ‘Sakai’ (TL: Field) when I use it.<br/>
Right now I can only deploy it to one part of my body. Meaning that to use it for a direct attack there will be limitations to it.<br/>
I am like this so enhancement is fine.<br/>
I have also obtained a weapon.<br/>
Even if I say that, it was just some hurriedly made bow and a ceremonial dagger though.<br/>
It seemed like orcs didn’t use bows that much, so their village only had sorry excuses of bows.<br/>
It was better than nothing so I gratefully took them. It was a bow that I could use if I held back when pulling it so there were uses for it.<br/>
The brid that I used on Shen, I have practiced even more and if I had to use a weapon then I would go for that. Maybe it’s because I have begun to understand the meaning behind the aria in the incantations but I felt that the effects of the training have increased.<br/>
Could it be that the ‘comprehension’ that that bug gave me is more useful than I thought?<br/>
When I tried asking the one who taught me magic, Ema, she told me that she just chants the preset words and that she didn’t understand the meaning of them. That I could understand it, there is a possibility that it’s because of the power that that goddess gave me, ‘comprehension’.<br/>
Rather, from the things I received from the orcs, more than the bow, it was the dagger that they asked me to please receive that felt like a high level item.<br/>
It was an object filled with ornaments that was clearly not made by orcs.<br/>
The dagger was not to the point of being able to see through but it was a blue dagger that was clearly made from a metal that had high transparency. When I held it to the sunlight it was beautiful.<br/>
The handle and the blade were made from materials of quality. To be a metal it felt comfortable in my hands and if it was a stone, in the things I know I haven’t seen one as beautiful as it. They were mysterious materials.<br/>
Looking at the design, ornaments and patterns that were carved on the daggers blade the overall length of all of that combined would be 15cm.  The edge part was from the front to back 30cm or so.<br/>
They told me it was for ceremonies or something like that so it’s probably a ceremonial dagger. It must be the one they call  Athame knife.<br/>
Its cutting ability is also pretty good so I decide to use it in close quarter combat. Though I am a bit hesitant to swing it with all my strength. With its patterns and designs it was a beautiful piece of art after all.<br/>
The scabbard that was transparent and seemed to be made of a white material, in this part I could also see that there was delicate craftsmanship in it. I think it’s probably made of bone or something close to that.<br/>
For a dagger that is normally used it was really well made, I may have called it a ceremonial dagger but it had enough practical use. In moments of need I could even turn it to money so I should take good care of it.<br/>
"For now I will just have to move while cooperating with Shen. The problem is what I will do after I meet the hyumans and look around the world" (Makoto)<br/>
I spin around and around the index finger of my right hand. On the tip of it a ball with the 4 colors red, dark blue and yellow was spinning with it.<br/>
I tried combining all sorts of elements to the brid and produce it.<br/>
Well, this really had a wide range of uses.<br/>
Brid was originally a fire ball that you hit your opponent with but I tried putting properties such as spreading out like a buckshot. When I rearranged the aria it becomes a completely different skill.<br/>
Just by tampering with the effects of the brid and its process I could change it into any interesting skill I wanted.<br/>
It could be like the nature and arithmetic in its foundation or something like that.<br/>
In this several days I didn’t have anything to do so I was studying magic all the time and there existed a common formula for both light and brid.<br/>
I thought this a while ago but if the essence of brid’s aria is to summon fire then light summons light I suppose (TN: He uses raito that is literally saying light in a Japanese way. So yeah it sounds stupid). Though, even if I changed the aria of ‘fire’ to ‘light’ it didn’t change to light. It must be that I still have more I need to comprehend.<br/>
The basics of the aria in healing magic has not been taught to me so I haven’t tried it out yet but just like this I may be able to change healing into detoxification.<br/>
I was certain that the magic aria was pre-established and was like the life of the magic so I was a bit scared to try it but this is a happy result.<br/>
To get an idea in the formula and to control it made me feel pleasant. In my previous world I was no good with the subject of science but one doesn’t know what will pick your interest in the future.<br/>
To see the fruits of your work by your own eyes is a fun thing to do. It would have been nice if I was like this at school.<br/>
Oops, it was again left with only the blue color and disappeared. Is the order yellow, red and black?<br/>
The green element of wind I couldn’t create it at all. It seems that my compatibility with it is the worst. But the element (or at least I think it is) of lightning I also couldn’t control it well.<br/>
I am checking my suitability in the elements and it seems that number one is blue. The water element. The next one is black, the dark element. Then its fire and last lightning. In terms of lightning I could feel I could slightly use it but to use it practically was still a long way to go.<br/>
There are also a few others but that water is number one there is no doubt.<br/>
Memo memo. Even if my maryoku is a cheat it looks like my element compatibility is not a cheat.<br/>
In Asora I passed my days in the tent practicing my magic.<br/>
When I thought I would help the orcs, Shen stopped me and now I have nothing else to do!<br/>
Tch… a day of this I will find an excuse and become free!<br/>
I have been set up as a feudal lord but I am not fit to be the type that overlooks the lower classes.<br/>
Moreover the houses are still in construction and we are now living in tents. I can’t even look like I’m living stylishly.<br/>
The highland orcs have brought their whole village with them so not counting those that had their houses damaged, everyone had a house of their own. Just Shen and I had to live in a tent.<br/>
In the tent I am in, for some reason there were pictures of old dramas series and projections all over the place. This is the doing of Shen.<br/>
"N?" (Makoto)<br/>
In those.<br/>
There were some images that had no relationship with old dramas.<br/>
"A picture of my family huh" (Makoto)<br/>
There was a picture of the whole Misumi family.<br/>
It was a picture that was taken in the entrance. I remember that dad every year would always cause trouble wanting to take one. We always ended up taking one though.<br/>
In reality they didn’t even let us go out with our friends on New Year’s Eve and New Year’s. It was an event that left us stumped. Well, mom could also be counted in this.<br/>
‘If you want to go out then invite your friends to our house’ is what they even said. It was like that in January and in Christmas. Wa wa, so nostalgic.<br/>
We were lined up in order, from the left it was dad, Yukiko-neesan, in the center my little sister Shinri, me and mom.<br/>
It’s the newest one. The picture that was taken this year.<br/>
"I see, this as well will not increase anymore. It’s the last picture huh" (Makoto)<br/>
This is bad. I thought I had already brought closure to this.<br/>
Even if my own precedence was low.<br/>
I could understand that humans didn’t live alone.<br/>
Thinking about the people around me and the future to come, I could feel lingering feelings of regret welling up inside me.<br/>
My family naturally, my friends in school, my comrades in the club.<br/>
"Stop stop! This kind of thinking is no good" (Makoto)<br/>
There is no meaning in thinking about it. I will only depress myself.<br/>
No, wait a second.<br/>
I see. If I am able to obtain a picture of my family like this.<br/>
"It would be interesting to use this picture to investigate what my family has done in this world" (Makoto)<br/>
What I should do after exiting the ends of the world. For now, I will just ignore the words of the goddess I have already decided to leave this wastelands.<br/>
Using this as a base I will ask someone to make a drawing of them and walk the tracks of my parents. If I get a picture of them it’s even better.<br/>
Oh, this is getting interesting.<br/>
I now know what I will do while travelling through the world. I shouldn’t get bored.<br/>
Okay, I have decided!<br/>
"Now that that is decided" (Makoto)<br/>
I should begin by finding a person that can draw well. First I will find an orc-san that seems to be able to draw a sketch. If that is no good then I will just find a hyuman to ask and request to draw it accurately.<br/>
I am deadly bad in my artistic talents so the choice of me drawing it was never there to begin with. The fine arts class was in my middle school, a subject of trouble.<br/>
Umumu. I have found something to do.<br/>
"It’s a bit fast but let’s depart today♫" (Makoto)<br/>
When I leave the tent I head to the exit gate that Shen had made. Even if I said gate it wasn’t that incredible of a construction, it was just a glittery mist.<br/>
"Master~" (Shen)<br/>
It’s Shen. Ah that’s right. I should give her a name soon.<br/>
She was so noisy that I suggested her to leave it just as Shen but she negated it with all she had. I don’t think it’s a bad name though.<br/>
Then taking into account her mirage connection, Phantom Illusion, twisting a bit, Dream Mirage. Is what I suggested one after the other but in an even more fearsome way she refused them all.<br/>
What is up with this flying lizard? In short you are telling me you want a Japanese styled name? You Japanese, no, Edo junkie.<br/>
If something that sounds similar is fine then should I give her the name Kiyohime?<br/>
Then then.<br/>
"O~ what is it? Are you going to leave soon?" (Shen)<br/>
I look at the direction where the voice comes from.<br/>
Over there was Shen.<br/>
There, she was carrying something that was clearly heavily injured and was densely covered in hair. A tall figured beauty was doing a princess carry to an old man that was covered densely in hair.<br/>
What a bizarre scene.<br/>
What a look.<br/>
I instinctively turn away my face.<br/>
Ah~ I was pretty eager to depart you know?<br/>
The troubles are okay for them to not come for a while right?! I have passed a boss battle and now it should be resting time right?!<br/>
"I think it’s better if you leave that for later" (Shen)<br/>
"Is that person the reason?" (Makoto)<br/>
Deeply unpleasant. I thought it was rude but I point my finger at the old man. Cause you know, it’s unpleasant!<br/>
"Yeah that’s right. What a keen eyesight" (Shen)<br/>
Shen seemed to not even be in a hurry.<br/>
"What is it this time?" (Makoto)<br/>
"An enemy raid" (Shen)<br/>
Suddenly she spouted nonsense.<br/>
Enemy raid~ Enemy raid~ is what she said?!<br/>
"Wait, isn’t this your world? Who are you saying will come?" (Makoto)<br/>
This is Asora. Another world inside another world.<br/>
How did it come to an enemy raid, really, I want you to explain me in a way I can understand please. You, the once snake.<br/>
Apologize to your pheasant and snake parents! (I think that is the origin of Shen)<br/>
"Well it’s a bit of a special one so. As always with a hungry appetite… Oh, it’s coming" (Shen)<br/>
"What are you saying as if it’s nothing?!" (Makoto)<br/>
"Master" (Shen)<br/>
You, answer my questions! Wait, master? Is she talking about me?<br/>
"There" (Shen)<br/>
"Eh?" (Makoto)<br/>
Black impressive legs that looked like CG were cracking the space in the area and were piercing, trying to penetrate it.<br/>
When a number of the legs penetrated through, in the darkness inside the big crack. I could see fangs that seemed to belong to an ant or a wasp.<br/>
It plunged at me who was in a daze.<br/>
"Trying to eat me again! Just how delicious do I look?!" (Makoto)<br/>
I screamed at the situation that looked the same as Shen’s.<br/>
Previous Chapter  l  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
August 29, 2015August 30, 2015 ReigokaiUncategorized <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
