<br/>
TLN: Hey guys, Reigokai here!<br/>
First of all, I would like to apologize for any surprises in this sudden Tsuki chapter. This chapter is one that I actually missed and didn’t notice for long, and by this time, it already has its manga chapter counterpart.<br/>
I would like to thank Menoz for providing the link for this missing chapter since the chapters of Tsuki have been purged from the wayback machine.<br/>
Anyways, enjoy! 😀<br/>
<br/>
"You want a name?" (Makoto)<br/>
Aah, as expected.<br/>
I personally did think that it wouldn’t be good to call her Shen all the time. <br/>
Thinking about it in that way, I don’t even know the name of the spider’s race.<br/>
I would also dislike to be called human or hyuman forever after all.<br/>
"That’s right-ja. Rather than being called Shen, I would prefer a proper name. That is also the duty of the contractor-ja zo." (Shen)<br/>
"I myself am not in a hurry, but I do want a name sometime." <br/>
Looks like both of them feel the same way. But that’s surprising. I thought the spider would be the one wishing for it the most.<br/>
Even though it would be pitiful if I continued calling her like that.<br/>
"Hm? Are you not in a hurry?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Yeah, I don’t mind going after Shen-san-desu wa. I am a newcomer after all." <br/>
She smiles.<br/>
What a flower. If Shen is a warrior, then this one would be a princess.<br/>
"So that means you don’t mind being called Nameless or Spider-san or Number 2. Got i—" (Makoto)<br/>
*Snap*<br/>
I felt like I heard that kind of sound.<br/>
"I REFUSE!!" <br/>
"Uoh?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Danna-sama! That’s not a name you should call a woman with!" <br/>
And I am telling you to stop calling me Danna-sama. <Danna has many meanings, one being husband and other master.> <br/>
"But I don’t know your name. In the first place, what’s your race?" (Makoto)<br/>
"…Race? Mine?" <br/>
"Yeah, can you tell me?" (Makoto)<br/>
"I wonder what I am. I have been pushed by hunger this whole time, so I don’t know anything about myself-desu wa." <br/>
Ooh?<br/>
So, memory loss? No, there’s no memory to begin with?<br/>
"Then, for now, how about Black-chan?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Obviously no! I desire a name to be given at once." <br/>
"Hey there! Didn’t you say it was okay to get a name after me?" (Shen)<br/>
Shen seems to bite at that.<br/>
Uhm, is this something so important that you need to decide on the order of it beforehand? <br/>
"But Shen-san, those temporary names were all ones I can’t agree with. You already had a neutral kind of name, so you are fine, but…" <br/>
"Hoho, then we can scrap the talk about yielding the first bed, right?" (Shen)<br/>
"Kuh, it is vexing, but…" <br/>
You even had an agreement with that? <br/>
"In the first place, when I tried to give you a name, you rejected it with all your might, Shen." (Makoto)<br/>
Even though I gave out a number of candidates since she said she didn’t want to continue being named Shen.<br/>
"I don’t want western names like those-ja!" (Shen)<br/>
"Well, being nameless is honestly cruel, so I actually thought of a name for the spider." (Makoto)<br/>
"Oh my!" <br/>
"Whaaaat?!" (Tomoe)<br/>
"What’s the matter?!" (Makoto)<br/>
"No-ja no-ja no-ja!! I should receive a name first! That’s just how it should be-jaaaa!!" (Shen)<br/>
Are you a child? <br/>
On the other hand, the spider girl was saying ‘Aah, you were thinking that much of me…’ and was in a trance.<br/>
So these are my travelling companions, huh.<br/>
I endure a sigh. I want to avoid anymore misfortune in my life.<br/>
In the future, I will keep the sighs inside my heart.<br/>
"Aaah geez!! I get it. I will also give a name to Shen. And so, we are gonna begin with Shen…!" (Makoto)<br/>
I look at the two to confirm if that’s alright with them.<br/>
A slightly displeased gaze and an incredibly pleased gaze. Looks like they are mostly in agreement. <br/>
Okay.<br/>
"Then, Shen." (Makoto)<br/>
"Yes, I want a name overflowing with power!" (Shen)<br/>
"Let’s seeeeee." (Makoto)<br/>
"*Tremble in excitement*" (Shen)<br/>
What to do. The spider was pitiful, so I honestly only thought about hers.<br/>
"Fuuuumu." (Makoto)<br/>
"*Waku waku* Umu?" (Shen)<br/>
"Fuuuuuuuuuumu." (Makoto)<br/>
"Oi, Master, don’t tell me you are thinking about it now?" (Shen)<br/>
"Naaah." (Makoto)<br/>
"Uuuuh, why is this spider first-ja…" (Shen)<br/>
Is it enough to bring you to tears?<br/>
Is a pact and naming that important of a thing? <br/>
I still don’t know the details of it, you know.<br/>
"Shen, I will give you a name. From now on, you can be called Tomoe." (Makoto)<br/>
"Tomoe?" <br/>
"That’s right, it is the most brave female samurai I know of." (Makoto)<br/>
"There was a female samurai?!" (Tomoe)<br/>
"Yeah. A woman that’s said to have even run in the battlefield together with her husband." (Makoto)<br/>
If I remember correctly, they were breast milk siblings. Family, little sister, wife, and comrade; just how blessed was that husband of hers. That already surpasses the level of bond…To the point that it is beyond fate.<br/>
"Ooh! I have certainly received the name Tomoe!" (Tomoe)<br/>
It is clear that this name is way too unmerited for her, but it is the name that came up when I thought of a samurai and a woman, so let’s leave it at that. It would be a pain to think again.<br/>
I actually thought of the name Yodo <Yodogimi, a spouse of Toyotomi Hideyoshi> as well, but I felt like with that name she would get out of hand with the scheming, so that’s a no. That’s solely what I imagine of it though.<br/>
She is humming ‘Tomoe Tomoe’. Is it my imagination or is there also a dim light enveloping her?<br/>
"Light?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Muh? Oh, right. When given a name, our power will increase according to it-ja. It strengthens the bond between our master." (Tomoe)<br/>
Oi oi.<br/>
Ain’t that something quite important?<br/>
Is it okay to have decided it on a whim? Well, she seems to like it, so it should be fine. <br/>
"Anyways, it feels really fitting. Tomoe, I really like it! From today on, my name is Tomoe-ja! Alright?!" (Tomoe)<br/>
She looks at me and the other follower. <br/>
When we agreed to it, her face turned red and a wide smile showed. An adult being this merry is a rare sight to behold.<br/>
"You say it increases your strength. There’s not some sort of guideline or anything like that, I hope." (Makoto)<br/>
"Of course there is~♪" (Tomoe)<br/>
"Say that beforehand then!" (Makoto)<br/>
"It is okay, it is okay-no ja. Rather than an efficient name, it makes me happier to have a name that my master truly wants to give me♪." (Tomoe)<br/>
<br/>
"But, you know…" (Makoto)<br/>
Is it okay to have a short lived person like me decide something that will stick for the rest of your life? It really bothers me, you know?<br/>
"It is okay♪. I don’t want a name that’s bound by rules. Well then, I will go tell everyone my name now!" (Tomoe)<br/>
Tomoe ran off faster than she could finish that sentence.<br/>
She looks like a child that has received a present in their birthday.<br/>
"Ara ara, it really makes me jealous. Danna-sama, I will be receiving a name as well, right?" <br/>
"Y-Yeah, that was my intention, but before that, can you please stop that Danna-sama thing?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Oh, my bad. Is Goshujin-sama better?" <br/>
Went a full circle there.<br/>
"No, I would like you to just call me Misumi or Makoto." (Makoto)<br/>
"That’s impossible-desu wa. *smile*" <br/>
An instant refusal coupled with a smile.<br/>
"Why?!" (Makoto)<br/>
"Because I am a subordinate. There’s no way I could call my master without honorifics. Even the prideful Shen -I mean, Tomoe-san, is calling you master."  <br/>
Uugh, but even so, being called Danna-sama makes my back itchy to an unbearable extent.<br/>
Should I just order her to?<br/>
But I feel like even if she did call me by my name, the itch still wouldn’t go away.<br/>
"Is Misumi-san not good either?" (Makoto)<br/>
"It is not." <br/>
"Anyways, you can discuss it with Tomoe, so please search for something that’s not Danna-sama or Goshujin-sama! This is an order!" (Makoto)<br/>
"Haah, an order… If that’s what you wish, I will try discussing it with her later-desu wa."<br/>
Trembling and blushing at the word ‘order’…<br/>
I have to get used to this, too. This is better than a random encounter, this is better than a random encounter, this is better than…<br/>
"And so, about the name." (Makoto)<br/>
"Yes♪" <br/>
"If there’s rules, can you please tell me even if it is just lightly? It is a heavy responsibility, so I want to rethink it a bit." (Makoto)<br/>
"I politely refuse. *Smile*" <br/>
Why~~~?<br/>
I seriously don’t understand this person! <br/>
"Uhm, with all this about names making you stronger, you see…" (Makoto)<br/>
"Tch, that damn Shen, she should have just stayed silent." <br/>
She spit out poison just now in a really low voice, didn’t she?! <br/>
"How to say it, it bothers me and I want to think about it…" (Makoto)<br/>
"You already thought of a name, right?" <br/>
"It was a name I thought of without knowing the details…" (Makoto)<br/>
"That! I want that!" <br/>
Oh, so strong.<br/>
Her face got closer at each word she spoke.<br/>
This is kinda embarrassing.<br/>
"In the first place, who would find happiness in a name bound by rules? I would like a name that my master naturally wished to give me rather than one aimed at strength." <br/>
"Even if that makes you weaker?" (Makoto)<br/>
"I won’t become weaker. Also, at this point, I am not interested in strength. Please give me the name that you have already thought of." <br/>
After saying that much, I feel like I just have to.<br/>
"Then…" (Makoto)<br/>
She gulps.<br/>
"I will give you a name. From now on, your name is Mio." (Makoto)<br/>
"Mio…" (Mio)<br/>
"A name where the character that denotes zero in my country is added the character of water which is my forte." (Makoto)<br/>
She said she had nothing but hunger in the past.<br/>
In that case, now that she has been satisfied, she will be starting from zero. And in that, I will be adding water which is my specialty into her name, making Mio. It might be a bit simplistic.<br/>
"I gladly accept it. From now on, my name will be Mio. Thank you very much, Danna-sama." (Mio)<br/>
"As I said, no Danna-sama." (Makoto)<br/>
"Ah, yes, I will refrain from it… Mio. Ufufufu. A name that’s mixed with the element of my master. Ufufufu." (Mio)<br/>
"Oi, earth to Mio~." (Makoto) <br/>
"Hah! The character of my master in the word zero? That means…I will be dyed by the color of my master?! Aah!!" (Mio)<br/>
<br/>
This is hopeless. Completely hopeless. The signal is not reaching.<br/>
For some reason, there’s only weird people around my vicinity.<br/>
Pushing the back of Mio who is currently in her own world, I take her out from the tent.<br/>
Even though I just woke up, I was already tired and went to sleep again.<br/>
The settlement is already at walking distance though…<br/>
Previous Chapter l Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
October 29, 2019October 29, 2019 ReigokaiTsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Douchuu <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
