<br/>
Translator:<br/>
Really, this chapter is weirdly written. The author jumps to other topics in very abrupt manners.<br/>
In the future chapters I can really see that he has increased his writing ability. The POV chapters are actually chapters he wrote 1 year after. Those are a LOT longer but a lot less confusing for me to translate.<br/>
Anyways, enjoy! ^^<br/>
——<br/>
Now I am troubled.<br/>
My words don’t get through.<br/>
I haven’t had any difficulties until now speaking in Japanese.<br/>
It was okay with the orcs, dwarfs and spiders after all.<br/>
It’s also because of Tomoe and Mio. After they made a pact with me they both turned human shaped so I thought my words would work you know?<br/>
No, that’s not it.<br/>
In the first place, instead of agreeing that I can talk with Mamono, it was more out of my expectations that I couldn’t talk with human beings.<br/>
Yes, not possible.<br/>
I had a really bad presentiment, but I had Tomoe and the others that could talk the common language and had them converse.<br/>
I didn’t understand. I was plain hurt that they could speak. Specially Mio, why is she able to speak? Is she a genius?<br/>
It reminds me of the first time a foreigner tried to talk with me. By the way, I am able to speak a bit of English. The moment a specialized word is used I am out though. But still, it was completely no good, the language test.<br/>
And so, an experiment.<br/>
I had a number of representatives from every resident that lived here assemble, and tried having a casual talk with them.<br/>
When I did that the only one who could understand everything and speak with everyone was me!<br/>
The other races could only understand me and the ones who had connection with me, Tomoe and Mio. But aside from them, the other ones’ words were vaguely understood or maybe they didn’t even understand them.<br/>
The ones who excelled were the orcs.<br/>
Aside from themselves, they could somehow communicate with every other race. They could become great assets in the future management of this city.<br/>
Anyways.<br/>
I had to urgently learn the common language and at the very least be at the level where I can read it.<br/>
That Tomoe and Mio could speak the common language was a real help.<br/>
Damn it… I will show you I can certainly learn it!!<br/>
…<br/>
..<br/>
.<br/>
——–<br/>
That I would certainly learn it huh.<br/>
There was a time when I believed that. Eh? That it hasn’t been that long since I said it?<br/>
I was studying in my state of complete concentration and you know, it was on the level that I felt could leap into space and time. Well, I admit that I exaggerated a bit.<br/>
You see, how does the pronunciation of the common language work?<br/>
I may be able to understand it.<br/>
I learn the sound of the words I don’t know and I record it inside my brain and while playing it I look for its meaning. Yeah, it’s far from the ideal method.<br/>
That’s because no matter how many times I hear it I always get estación, estación you know?! It doesn’t become station! (TN: in original he says it in English and then in Japanese. He must be referring to the fact that the words still sound foreign)<br/>
No, not even that. The basic ‘yes’ sounds like only groans to me. Maybe it’s like in Chinese where there are many pronunciations for the same word.<br/>
It’s fatal that I can’t even do a proper greeting.<br/>
Frankly, I had the optimistic thinking that I would be able to learn the words ‘Hi’ or ‘Nice to meet you’ without any difficulty.<br/>
Like ‘xie xie’ or ‘obrigado’ or ‘merci’.<br/>
This is bad. I feel that this is seriously bad.<br/>
Will I even be able to perceive the subtle emotions of the other party at this rate?<br/>
I feel like it’s impossible.<br/>
And the fatal part is still the pronunciation. Super ‘dificil’.<br/>
This is devastating. No matter how many times Tomoe and Mio taught me, I only tilted my head.<br/>
And it’s so bad that even I agree with it.<br/>
I am faithfully trying to repeat the words that the two of them are telling me but the words that I use are suddenly totally different.<br/>
Even if you tell me to change that ‘A’<br/>
Just how in the world am I going to change an ‘A’?<br/>
This is just… no good.<br/>
This was the conclusion I came to after trying my best for 1 month. Its surprising right? I gave it my all for 1 month you know?<br/>
Of course, I will not be stopping my learning but.<br/>
I judged that it was wiser to just give up on talking myself.<br/>
And also moving solo. I don’t even know if I will be able to establish a mutual understanding so it’s better if I refrain from doing it.<br/>
If it’s just communication then I am able to construct the word inside my head and then send out magic to talk while drawing. I can do that kind of menacing physical labor. (TN: I am sure he has a diary and pencil with him so I don’t think he needs to do that. Maybe I am not getting the whole meaning. コミュニケーションだけなら頭に構築した簡易式ミスミ電子辞書で聞き取り、そして魔術で吹き出しを描いて喋るという脅威の荒業でクリアできている。)<br/>
Basically, I can communicate by writing.<br/>
The understanding of the other party’s feelings can be done by Tomoe or Mio.<br/>
Hm? I am fine with writing the word ‘Yes’ you know? Because it has no relation with the sound and I am truly just writing a foreign word.<br/>
It was literally a hopeless problem but, with 1 month of hard work I was able to learn how to write at least. The pronunciation… I can’t do the pronunciation!<br/>
Hu… however, there were a pile of problems aside from that. From where I should begin fixing for it to go well, I can’t find a clue for that.<br/>
In the first place, why did the first villager have to run? Did I arrive to a military training?<br/>
There was a reason.<br/>
It wasn’t just because the words didn’t get through, as one would expect. The moment she ran away from me I was honestly suspecting it but…<br/>
Maybe she was in a pressing situation and was in a state of alertness or she mistook me for someone else.<br/>
It wasn’t any of those two. From what I surveyed, that side was in a normal state of awareness and there wasn’t any person that committed atrocities that looked like me, she also didn’t have any valuables on her. It was the spectacle of a normal day in her life.<br/>
I don’t want to believe it… I don’t want to admit it but… the reason, was myself.<br/>
It looks like I was discharging an incredible amount of maryoku while I was walking. And it was an overwhelming amount that even normal people would be able to recognize as well. To be more concrete, it felt like everything in several tens of meters around me looked distorted.<br/>
Everyone in Asora was obviously aware of this but they came to a mutual understanding. Since I had a slave dragon that was able to carry a dimension and moreover my appearance was that of a hyuman. The people themselves seemed to not mind my maryoku leaking.<br/>
So, they thought that it was unnecessary for them to tell me.<br/>
… Please, do mind it and then, please, tell me.<br/>
Lately, the orcs have been social and mingling around with their surroundings.<br/>
When I approach the highland orc Ema-san, she told me that the moment she met me she didn’t feel any maryoku. Maybe it was being enclosed inside of me?<br/>
I realized that from the time I learned magic in the body purifying cave, my maryoku had begun leaking out or more like, the lid had been opened and was overflowing.<br/>
And then, the time I returned to the cave with Tomoe, the time I led her to the orc village and stayed there, the time when I was attacked by the black spider, the time when the dwarfs gathered, and in this 1 month.<br/>
It looks like my maryoku has been increasingly growing and in a state of continuous discharge.<br/>
Please, tell me. Give me a single word about my maryoku leaking out. Because I am still a newbie *tear*.<br/>
I might as well just have learned it by collapsing from all this discharging.<br/>
‘It’s like a spring that continuously grows to a large river’ is what my two followers’ impressions were. (TN: not sure of this idiom. まるで大河の源流となる泉の如く)<br/>
Cheers for the quality of my slaves. Someday I want to get a maid that goes all lovey-dovey for her master. It would be nice to have one with common sense that can point out basic things like my maryoku. And when that happens I may be able to put a proper distance with these two.<br/>
But even if I said so, I felt like I would just go ‘well, isn’t that nice?’. That’s why, I respect myself for being able to say this.<br/>
"In reality, how did the people there see me?" (Makoto)<br/>
Is what I said. I am the best.<br/>
"Let’s see… well, if you are to say it in a word it would be…" (Tomoe)<br/>
"Yes, I rely on you to explain it in an easy to comprehend way" (Makoto)<br/>
After pondering for a bit, Tomoe came out with a metaphor.<br/>
"It would be like a lot of demon lords suddenly appearing at the same time?" (Tomoe)<br/>
"??" (Makoto)<br/>
What is she saying?<br/>
My thought process froze.<br/>
I see.<br/>
I comprehend now.<br/>
Leaving aside the part of demon lord.<br/>
If a rivaling race like a demon race suddenly comes out without even trying to hide its presence.<br/>
Moreover tries to get closer to you and even follows you after you run.<br/>
It would truly be a horror like experience.<br/>
The town must have been the same. In the area that they were on the lookout, something that is discharging a monstrous amount of maryoku was heading there in a speed that was out of common sense.<br/>
The gate that was designated for combat, the running citizen and the smiling me. And it seemed like my presence was fiendish.<br/>
Yes, that behavior was probably the proper action to take.<br/>
Su~Ha~<br/>
A large deep breath.<br/>
What should I do?!<br/>
I totally failed in my public park debut!<br/>
Moreover, they perfectly saw my face!<br/>
… Maybe I should really just make a kingdom of mamono?<br/>
If I could just leave it at that. ‘I want to walk the traces of my parents’ I even decided on such an objective not that long ago.<br/>
But I won’t falter!<br/>
Heh! Something like this, I will overcome it. Don’t underestimate the Misumi household!<br/>
My maryoku is leaking? No problem. I have been given a finger ring from the dwarfs that absorbs the maryoku and compresses it! By the way, if anyone other than me puts it on he/she will have their maryoku sucked to death and so has become a ‘cursed bracelet’!<br/>
There was no way for me other than this to hide my maryoku. I can suppress it myself but it seems that if I suppress the maryoku that is leaking out the whole time in the end, I will release a high reaction.<br/>
That’s why this finger ring will accumulate the maryoku and change its attribute. It has a function to perfectly change the way people see my maryoku. By the way, the ring changes from white to red. It’s not like I asked for it to be like this, the raw materials had to have this dying properties or it would be impossible to make. That it would be blood red was not in my expectations!<br/>
I named it Draupnir! I feel like the real one was a bracelet but I decided not to mind it. (TN: No, I am not a connoisseur of Myth but wiki tells me it’s a ring)<br/>
That they heard my voice? From the start I can’t even pronounce so I won’t speak!<br/>
That they saw my face? Such a thing if I just put on a mask, see? No problem! Don’t underestimate the all-purpose blacksmiths! It’s a stylish mask that hides the upper half of my face!<br/>
I even changed my clothes.<br/>
In any case I can’t move properly by myself so I will have to bring Mio and Tomoe.<br/>
With this they will never be able to connect me with the threat of last time!<br/>
Because you know, it’s a mask! It’s the world’s common sense that when you put one on, no one will be able to recognize you! (TN: I’m looking at you Tuxedo Mask)<br/>
…<br/>
There are two girls at both of my sides. It’s quite the eccentric appearance.<br/>
I myself am wearing a mask and a seemingly cursed finger ring.<br/>
Did I, overcome it?<br/>
More like, I feel like I have lost?<br/>
You are right, this decision, I have lost.<br/>
But you know. I have already done it. That I will be doing a recovery from now on, I just, don’t know what I should do.<br/>
Wu~u, it shouldn’t have come to this. (TN: Picture him in stylish clothes and a mask. Chuunibyou to the max. Now you know why he is sad)<br/>
This is what I thought. If I were to register in an adventurers’ guild (though I don’t know if there is one) and display some superhuman plays then travel to various countries and enjoy a bit of romance.<br/>
Save a princess in a moment of trouble and in the middle of travelling together a novel romance fantasy happens or something like that.<br/>
From now on there will be none. Yeah, even I understand that. I was made to understand.<br/>
Even if that did happen, in my case it would make me look like an inhuman target. I totally reject it.<br/>
When I asked Tomoe to accompany me, she responded immediately with an OK, and the next speech was.<br/>
"If we are talking about three persons then it’s obviously Koumon-sama! Waka is the retired and I will be Kaku-san! Mio can be Suke-san or Hachibe!" (Tomoe) (TN: Koumon sama setting is that a very high official go incognito in the country, along with two or three bodyguards. When they meet a miscreant/corrupted official, one will whip out a badge say "Behold the one before you is Koumon sama" etc… It is kinda like the english king Richard Lionheart go incognito, but much much more flashier. It’s a very famous and popular setting. Credits to: Nyugen Gia Thai)<br/>
Is the nonsense she said afterwards. If we talk about Mio.<br/>
"To walk around eating all specialty products, ah~ how sweet. Of course, the main will be waka-sama, and the desert could be an historic ruin?" (Mio)<br/>
Leaving aside the specialty products, me and historic ruins are not food. Will this glutton not eat the people and the inorganic products?<br/>
More like, am I the main dish for my own slave? Uaa, what a turn down!<br/>
Incidentally why is it that you are trying to make this sword and magic world into a tragic history drama? Its even more of a turn down!<br/>
"Hey, Tomoe, if it’s a famous one wouldn’t it be ‘Mito no go Rokou?’ (TN: 水戸のご老公)" (Makoto)<br/>
For this world’s nature, no matter how you see it, it’s a fantasy from the Middle Age Eupope!<br/>
"Mu, certainly, I haven’t taken into account the sub-characters. Fumu, then a different one, it would be hard to make a setting while we are travelling after all" (Tomoe) (TN: It seems they are having a discussion about the setting for their made up characters)<br/>
No, the setting is hard to make? What are you even…?<br/>
I am telling you to stop the whole history dramas in itself.<br/>
"No you know, why are you even bringing history dramas on our setting?" (Makoto)<br/>
"What a strange thing to say. I have finally gotten my katana forged so, isn’t it obvious that I want to swing it around?" (Tomoe)<br/>
It’s all just your desires.<br/>
Go and be a Japanese jack the ripper or something, by yourself.<br/>
"Then, you said something about Koumon-sama but…" (Makoto)<br/>
"Yes?" (Tomoe)<br/>
"I am not the previous vice shogun you know? If I don’t have political influence I cant become Koumon-sama" (Makoto)<br/>
"Yeah, for that point there is no problem. If we just change the last scene for the eight generation shogun then, see?" (Tomoe)<br/>
What do you mean by ‘see’?<br/>
If I do that I would just become a ruffian?<br/>
If there is no medicine case then there would be no Mallow family crest.<br/>
I am no previous vice-shogun nor a present time shogun-sama you know?<br/>
Ah~ no good. I have to be more level-headed.<br/>
Tomoe was saying things like ‘When I take out this sword a scattering ice blade appears! Ei, don’t get close! If you approach I will slice you!’ and swings around her sword. She is all hyped.<br/>
But you know, those are from a different story. Not a single word coincides with the aforementioned~<br/>
And Mio was,<br/>
"As expected, from now on its quality over quantity. Waka-sama’s blood, maryoku and also… ufufufufufu" (Mio)<br/>
This side is probably eating me. My headache. I don’t want to think about the meaning of that ‘ufufufu’. She occasionally, no, frequently clamors about ‘nursing’ or something of the sort but I hope it won’t become like the copulation of mantis.<br/>
A life-risking nursing is not a nursing. In the first place the word nursing is supposed to be an expression of servicing.<br/>
So I will be travelling while accompanied by these two huh.<br/>
I feel like I am carrying a handicap that is even worse than language.<br/>
Do your best, me.<br/>
Don’t lose, there is surely a bright future somewhere out there.<br/>
What is it? I feel like my surroundings have become silent.<br/>
Yeah, I see. So in the end we are going with Koumon-sama.<br/>
Geez, I don’t care anymore. Seriously. It’s not something that can’t be changed?!<br/>
I, who had asked the dwarfs to make Draupnir, had the whole colony of Asora reunited and gave instructions to every representative on the current situation.<br/>
With this I can go out travelling.<br/>
The result of the setting consultation was that I am the son of a wealthy merchant that is travelling around places for my training. I have been afflicted by a disease and am unable to speak. Moreover, I have a cursed mask and finger ring on me and all sorts of miseries. That kind of messed up setting.<br/>
Just how much of a misfortune parade am I? I wanted to ask about that ‘all sorts of miseries’<br/>
Compared to a history drama, this one beats it with its childish and unmotivated setting.<br/>
Both of them are supposed to be accompanying me as bodyguards and followers. The especially rare product that we handle is the Uri. This especially rare product is a creation from the people that live in Asora. In a sense this is commerce.<br/>
Certainly, the things that can be obtained here are rare. This could become our income source for the mirage city in the future. Tomoe and Mio are not total idiots.<br/>
It’s just that their sense of value is remarkably different from other people.<br/>
Ah, that also makes them a problem. Yeah, they are stupid.<br/>
And so.<br/>
I, who is called waka-sama, have now begun my journey to peddle around the world with my own legs.<br/>
Wait, I don’t even know the money system in this world yet!<br/>
The one walking there!<br/>
Please stop my two (supposed to be) slaves!<br/>
——<br/>
Translator:<br/>
Its finally the time for him to go to a hyuman settlement! (I hope)<br/>
Previous Chapter  l  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
September 7, 2015September 13, 2015 ReigokaiUncategorized <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
