<br/>
Translators note:<br/>
This chapter is Tomoe’s POV. Really, the way Tomoe talks is so hard to translate…<br/>
—–<br/>
Good grief. It should be fine for waka to be a little gentler.<br/>
With how he is, in the generation of Koumon-samas he would be in the mean old man type.<br/>
The wise and intellectual type of Koumon-donos are more to my taste.<br/>
If I think like that then the cast in the new memories of waka are to my taste.<br/>
I would like waka to stick his head into troubles a bit more.<br/>
In the matter of the guild and the matter of the market as well, waka noticed both of them but he tried to ignore them.<br/>
If he does that then there won’t be any incidents and nothing will happen. If it weren’t for my quick-wittedness I don’t know what would have happened.<br/>
That is no good. We won’t be able to reform the world. Then ‘it ends in something petty’ and I won’t be able to take out my katana.<br/>
Even though I had finally gotten something similar made by the elder dwarfs, wait that’s too long, eldwarfs in short.<br/>
Mio had done a good job with her foolish behavior. That is truly a ‘Hachibe-san’, careless and with normal equipment but someone who you can’t underestimate.<br/>
And now if only waka would get serious we would be able to enter the ‘Middle Age’s World Reformation Arc’ without any problems.<br/>
But I am now made to do night guard at the carriage while hiding my presence.<br/>
There is the misfortune that I won’t be able to have a meal but tonight is the night where I can expect a development to occur.<br/>
When I think like that, fumu, I feel that I should thank waka for this order.<br/>
Anyways, I am still investigating the way to produce uncooked rice, and my chopstick skills are still not at a satisfactory level. Regarding the katana I am still investigating it thoroughly, the sword I have right now is a sword in the form of a katana that has its cutting edge concentrated at one side of it.<br/>
The basics of katana-making are still in the middle of close investigation so there is no helping it. Waka has gone with his parents a number of times to a town called Seki for the ‘Hamono festival’ and has stayed over there. I will try to investigate the memories that relate to those times to get the knowledge I want.<br/>
It’s a lifesaver that waka is a person with lots of miscellaneous knowledge. He seems to be the type that will investigate things that interest him. That he begins his investigations from scratch is truly a habit that fits my convenience. I sincerely thank you-ja no.<br/>
In my breast pocket I have ‘My Chopsticks’ but I am still too unskilled to use them.<br/>
As I thought, my first meal should really be a Japanese style meal. And one day I will be able to show off my skill with chopsticks that rival a knife and fork.<br/>
In a sharp and magnificent way!<br/>
As I thought, I should raise orcs that are specialized on making Japanese style food. So that when I feel like eating a Japanese style meal I don’t have to ask waka to make it. To ask waka to make it is, as expected, a bit too much of a stretch for me who is a slave.<br/>
I cast a glance to the cargo.<br/>
It’s the fruits that were in Asora. It seems that they are the exact same food from waka’s world. So we had waka decide if they were edible or not.<br/>
Every one of them was filled with vitality and there were many who were incredibly juicy. Their taste was also extremely good.<br/>
As expected from the fruits that can survive the superior and harsh world of waka, they are truly filled with vigor.<br/>
In an occasional whim I tried to recreate the things that I have heard from waka and have seen in his memories, right now I am barely ‘crawling’.<br/>
Because the maryoku in the air is zero after all, and it doesn’t work with the release of inherent maryoku. If it’s only the appearance I am able to replicate it.<br/>
We have taken a big amount of ripe things from different varieties and for now there is not a single one that is going bad. They are all still lively-ja.<br/>
"Mu, should I get moving?" (Tomoe)<br/>
Completely understanding their numerical strength, I also grasped their habits and some of them have begun showing movements that tell me they were in an organization of some sort.<br/>
From the people’s movement proficiency I am able to understand their patterns but the ones tonight feel a bit rough.<br/>
They have a bit of coordination.<br/>
But, I am a supreme dragon, an existence that can be counted. Of course, the ones who challenge me all belong to the top class.<br/>
Thinking in that way, these guys may be pretty competent.<br/>
If I were to consider that.<br/>
Right now I am just delighted that I will be able to fight with my katana like a samurai.<br/>
However, this appearance is an appearance that was ‘taken’ after completing the pact with waka.<br/>
There is no error in saying that compared to the past, my power has increased.<br/>
Waka had to go through the trouble of asking the dwarfs to make a tool that restraint him but, I have no such counter-measure on my body.<br/>
Now that I think about it, the preparations of fighting with someone, honestly, having waka as the opponent doesn’t work as a reference.<br/>
It’s better if I don’t count Mio either.<br/>
If that’s how it’s going to be… I pity them.<br/>
These guys will have to become my practice partners in my training to ‘hold back’.<br/>
Two are keeping watch and four are coming to steal huh.<br/>
I am thankful.<br/>
Waka told me to please not slaughter everyone and gazed at me with slightly serious eyes. Even if I mess up my adjustments I still plan for those two to somehow live through this.<br/>
From the four of them, two of those took the lead.<br/>
They are planning on getting their hands on the carriage by infiltrating it. This is a good time huh.<br/>
In the darkness without making a single sound .<br/>
I stood beside the carriage with katana in hand.<br/>
"My my, what business do you have with our carriage?" (Tomoe)<br/>
I will speak with them in an extremely friendly manner.<br/>
They all stop their movements at the same time and their gazes all concentrated on me. Along with their bloodlust and caution.<br/>
I didn’t intent to instill unrest in them with my friendly voice but, to have such thoughts right now is pointless.<br/>
My golden serpent eyes were drowning in the excitement of battle. They were fierily gazing at them.<br/>
"…"<br/>
No words huh. I see that they are having a conversation only with their eyes.<br/>
It seems that there is no room for negotiations. That’s fine, it’s the so called ‘no questions asked’ huh. You damn ronins*! (TN: wandering samurais that don’t have a master)<br/>
The lookouts don’t show signs of moving.<br/>
The two that were close to the carriage had something short and glittery in their hands. The two that were far away threw something soundlessly from their hands!<br/>
I catch one of the two knives and the other one I evade it. To the flying things that were coming at me, I use the scabbard to block them.<br/>
Light and also slow.<br/>
They are not even worth the talk.<br/>
The moment the next knife was about to reach me, the knife that I had evaded turned around and shot at me once more. In an angle that was practically screaming at me to kick it.<br/>
I complied with its wish and without placing my body weight in it I kicked relying on speed alone. I will return the knife to your hand!<br/>
With a dull sound, the man was send flying to the sky.<br/>
I seriously held back though? He has certainly broken now. I felt that it would be a bit bad to swing my katana but it’s true that it’s better to test it out.<br/>
"Fumu" (Tomoe)<br/>
There shouldn’t be any problems if I just aim at their weapons.<br/>
"Na!!"<br/>
Trying to open the distance I do a step backwards. At the same time, I target the blade part of the dagger that the frozen man had in hand and sweep horizontally.<br/>
He truly couldn’t react at all. He probably didn’t even notice that I had jumped behind him. He must be thinking I have disappeared. So that is the reason for your frozen state huh, how unskilled.<br/>
The voice of the man suddenly became high-pitched with the surprise of his prey being so close to him.<br/>
It’s almost like he didn’t even feel that I have cut him. The efficiency of my body with the weapon is too good. You eldwarfs, I am really looking forward to the time when you are able to create a real katana, kukuku.<br/>
Then…<br/>
Dosa*<br/>
N? What sound is that?<br/>
When I checked it out, at that place…<br/>
The man that was screaming in fright, his top chest ‘portion’<br/>
In that place there was a cut line and a body with his whole top missing.<br/>
Wow, to think it would be this efficient?!<br/>
No good! The unrest will carry over to the other four that are remaining. Then there won’t be any person to talk and all of them will try to flee.<br/>
I will not be able to interrogate them!!<br/>
The lookouts had already distanced themselves significantly. With how things are going it might become a commotion.<br/>
I have no choice. Let’s capture the two that are here for now!<br/>
I hold my katana in reverse. I should have done as waka said and used the reverse blade of the katana huh.<br/>
They had their backs turned without any shame and were escaping, one of them is a woman huh. I can’t make out their faces. They have cloths wrapped around it.<br/>
If I am to capture one it would be better if it’s the woman, that way waka would be happy as well. With one glance I could tell it was a woman with big breast. It was a style that brought discomfort with the black clothes she had on.<br/>
Well, waka was saying that the girls were beautiful over and over even when they weren’t that beautiful. It may be that he is thirsting for a woman.<br/>
Even if I say that, he hasn’t requested any ‘attending’ from us. Waka is quite a mysterious person.<br/>
Wait!<br/>
Won’t waka call me an evil magistrate again if I capture the woman?!<br/>
No, if its waka that’s what he would do!<br/>
Kuu~! What an ingenious trap. To utilize the feelings I have for waka.<br/>
As expected of waka. N, wait. I feel like something is wrong here…<br/>
Well, let’s not think about the complicated stuff. For now let’s let the woman escape and capture the other one.<br/>
I place a bit of strength and kick the ground. It’s obvious that our speeds are different so this was good enough to catch up.<br/>
I stand in front of the black clothed one without chest and hit him in the solar plexus.<br/>
The one that was few distances away turned around but I pretend to take out my katana.<br/>
That fellow must have seen the scene a few moments ago so.<br/>
With an excessive reaction she ran away.<br/>
Fu fun, what a splendid skill I have.<br/>
And now if I just get the information from this man.<br/>
We can begin the capture of this base’s evil-ja na!<br/>
Fufufu, this is going pretty well-na no ja!<br/>
—-<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
10 bucks that ‘man’ is a trap!<br/>
And the big breasted woman was her sister! My years of anime tell me this!<br/>
Previous Chapter  l  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
				__ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
					__ATA.initDynamicSlot({<br/>
						id: 'atatags-977445811-5e88814700624',<br/>
						location: 120,<br/>
						formFactor: '001',<br/>
						label: {<br/>
							text: 'Advertisements',<br/>
						},<br/>
						creative: {<br/>
							reportAd: {<br/>
								text: 'Report this ad',<br/>
							},<br/>
							privacySettings: {<br/>
								text: 'Privacy settings',<br/>
							}<br/>
						}<br/>
					});<br/>
				});<br/>
			<br/>
<br/>
            __ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
                __ATA.initVideoSlot('atatags-977445815-5e88814700641', {<br/>
                    sectionId: '977445815',<br/>
                    format: 'inread'<br/>
                });<br/>
            });<br/>
        <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
September 15, 2015September 16, 2015 ReigokaiUncategorized <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
