<br/>
I return to the inn.<br/>
Of course, the assassin onee-san is not there.<br/>
The moment you wake up there is no restraints and moreover there was no one on the lookout, there is no one who wouldn’t run.<br/>
I throw myself on the bed and go 大. The ends of my hands and legs can’t reach the edges of the bed at all.<br/>
In the past I took this posture a lot when I fell in deep thinking. And I also fell asleep in the middle of it a lot. Well, I am digressing though.<br/>
My body buries deeply into the mat and on the contrary it actually made me restless.<br/>
It’s my first time having such luxurious thoughts.<br/>
Rinon is not here. ‘I will return to my house for a second’ is what she said and left just like that.<br/>
It must be a lie. To a house where her sister is not in, for her to go back there, I can’t believe it.<br/>
I am now lying down here while spreading a movement [Sakai] to follow her. The maryoku can’t be felt and they are unable to detect my presence.<br/>
The current Rinon has met with people a few meters away from the inn, at this distance I can hear their conversation perfectly if I just concentrate.<br/>
The power that I received from Tsukuyomi-sama is truly useful. That I don’t understand the theory sometimes hurts me though. <取説(とりせつ)がないのが玉に瑕だけど><br/>
—<br/>
"So, did you get their background?"<br/>
Rinon shakes her head horizontally.<br/>
"No, the only thing I could get was that he is the heir of some company" (Rinon)<br/>
"What is that? There is no difference from the information that the merchant guild has"<br/>
What did these guys expect? You really think I would tell everything to a kid that I have just met? Are these guys idiots?<br/>
"B-But. Because the carriage got attacked I haven’t had many chances to talk with him" (Rinon)<br/>
"Now that you mention it, the one that got captured had returned. We are washing her to check for magic and trickeries but nothing is coming out. What does this mean?"<br/>
"By the time I woke up in the morning the two girls he had with him were already gone. And then I went with onii-chan to the commerce area" (Rinon)<br/>
"Companions huh. They were people that had bizarre levels. I don’t know if they had an order of silence but it makes my eyebrows sweat. And?" <連れか、確か出鱈目なレベルの奴だとか。緘口令があるのか詳しくは聞けなかったが眉唾だな…それで？><br/>
… I see, so they do silence people huh. And eyebrows sweat. Certainly…<br/>
For now I am happy that not much of the information has been leaked out.<br/>
"The onee-chan that was sleeping on the bed, by the time we returned she was not there anymore" (Rinon)<br/>
"Ha~"<br/>
"And then I told him that I would return to my house for a bit" (Rinon)<br/>
"What a blockhead that youngling is. Without any restrains and with no lookouts"<br/>
Shut up. I feel a bit happy that you are believing all this but it somehow pisses me off.<br/>
But well, looking at the appearance of Rinon and the attitude of the man, maybe he is really the ‘can’t be saved at all’ type?<br/>
"Hmph, about the cargo, did you hear anything about it?"<br/>
"That is… I don’t understand it well" (Rinon)<br/>
"Ah~ its okay, just talk"<br/>
"From here you travel 2 to 3 days and you will be enveloped by a deep mist where there is a settlement of mamono. He said he got it from them" (Rinon)<br/>
"…"<br/>
"I-I’m serious! That is what onii-chan said! That he didn’t care about the price!" (Rinon)<br/>
Rinon must have felt some danger in the silence of the man, she desperately tried to explain it to him. Those two are not in a friendly relationship. That much I can tell.<br/>
"That he didn’t care about the price?"<br/>
"He said that they were dreamlike stuff so it was fine if they can be sold. The old men in the commerce area said that they would buy it for 500 gold coins" (Rinon)<br/>
"500?!"<br/>
The voice of the man turns inside out. He is totally a person of low level.<br/>
"Y-Yeah" (Rinon)<br/>
"The lowest of the lowest price was that. These may be incredible people. But, 500 gold huh"<br/>
A vulgar expression begins to surface from the man. I could tell that Rinon was disgusted.<br/>
At any rate, the lowest of the lowest huh. And it’s that amount of gold. How frightening. Is there another way they can use it aside from selling them at a high price for being new products?<br/>
"Hey, hey~! Let me meet onee-chan! If I let you hear about a lot of things you would let me meet her right?!" (Rinon)<br/>
"Oi oi, those are words that you should say after properly doing your job right? With just this you will never be able to meet your sister"<br/>
… Thrash.<br/>
Capturing a small kid and making her do stupid jobs.<br/>
My killing intent rises.<br/>
I am seriously thinking if I could shoot him with magic from this point.<br/>
I can do it.<br/>
Lets do it.<br/>
I begin the aria. And then rethink it.<br/>
Tch, if I do it now Rinon will see someone dying in front of her. To suddenly see someone dying in front of you, it might become a trauma.<br/>
Damn it, you slightly got away with your life.<br/>
Rinon sticks to the guy and asks over and over. I breathe in deeply in order to suppress the killing intent that was slowly rising again.<br/>
"If you insist so much you leave me with no choice. Do one last job. Then I will return you your onee-chan. I will also forget about your debt"<br/>
Debt huh. It must be dirt cheap loose change for him.<br/>
"!! You are able to do something like that?!" (Rinon)<br/>
"Yeah~, its easy. You accept?"<br/>
The man who suggested that was a limitless low –life.<br/>
Of course Rinon can’t refuse.<br/>
But…<br/>
I dissolve my [Sakai]<br/>
I already know the result. I didn’t want to hear the words directly after all.<br/>
If what he said is true then Rinon’s onee-san is probably still alive.<br/>
If it turns out to be a lie I would turn it into a ‘my first torture’ and ‘my first murder’ combo.<br/>
It’s not like I want to support Tomoe but I think I might act a bit violently, so I close my eyes in order to rest.<br/>
This will be after my two followers return. There is nothing else to do right now.<br/>
And when I think about Rinon, it must be more beneficial for her if she finds me sleeping.<br/>
Soon it will be 45 minutes.<br/>
I breathe in deeply and fall asleep.<br/>
—<br/>
Noisy.<br/>
Ah, I see. I was sleeping, right.<br/>
Is Rinon okay?<br/>
Honestly, I was thinking of what to do with her from now on.<br/>
If my followers bring me the information by the time I woke up.<br/>
And Rinon is ‘still alive’, I plan on going a bit wild.<br/>
If ‘She is not’ then I am going extremely wild.<br/>
"N, morning"<br/>
I look at my surroundings. There are four people.<br/>
This is, fumu, for a ‘first episode’ it’s a happy development.<br/>
Tomoe, Mio, a woman that looks the same as the portrait and Rinon.<br/>
"Waka! You have awoken" (Tomoe)<br/>
"Waka-sama, good morning" (Mio)<br/>
For them to be using good morning when its already evening, is it that? A retaliation against me for not letting them sleep? Or is it a business-like way of greeting?<br/>
My two followers gave me greetings as expected. They have to do at least that. We are in front of people after all.<br/>
Rinon is averting her gaze.<br/>
And Rinon’s sister is bowing her head deeply. She has a really nice posture. If you are going to drop your head so much then just do a dogeza* that is more comfortable than this.<br/>
<br/>
The sister is safe for now. Her little sister had returned to attempt a crime, no, she was probably caught. That Mio didn’t kill her was probably because of Tomoe.<br/>
What a lucky little girl, no, both of the sisters huh. Its to the point that I want them to share a little bit of it with me.<br/>
"Girl, lift your head" (Tomoe)<br/>
Tomoe told the sister that and she timidly lifted her head.<br/>
[Forgive me for using writing. You can read right?] (Makoto)<br/>
That her little sister can and the elder one can’t, such a thing can’t happen right?<br/>
"A, wa, yes! That you have rescued me at this instance, I truly thank you, very much!"<br/>
Being nervous to the extreme she thanked me while stuttering and fumbling. What? Is she a person that can’t handle strangers?<br/>
But a conversation is possible. Okay.<br/>
Though, she got me. Even her voice of ‘wa wa wa’. Aside from the color of her hair, she was the exact copy of her*. <TN: referring to the girl in his memories><br/>
[You are free to talk the way you want. You are not a follower or anything like that so] (Makoto)<br/>
"As you can see, she has returned with all her limbs waka" (Tomoe)<br/>
"She was being treated with some rough drugs but I have already cleaned them out" (Mio)<br/>
You two, your reports are practically asking me to give you praise. But they truly did do a good job.<br/>
So Mio had a secret skill like poison counteraction huh. This will be useful.<br/>
I once again look at the sister. Now that I think about it, her face had so much impact that I didn’t remember her name. Uhm what was it again?<br/>
I certainly heard it from Rinon but for some reason I can’t find it.<br/>
But…<br/>
While I am thinking about asking her again, I look at her from hair to the tip of her toes.<br/>
The more I look the more I feel that this is not on the level of ‘she resembles her’.<br/>
The worlds are different and yet there are two melons, how amazing.<br/>
She is a bit taller than me. And her style that feels like it has already been completed. Her breast are on the big side.<br/>
And her appearance that was practically a mirror image of ‘that girl’. Just, her eyes were a bit wild, more like, this is probably the eyes an adventurer has.<br/>
They were eyes that were rough and filled with inquisitiveness.<br/>
And her hair. She had the same red hair as her little sister. It was not a ‘black hair dyed red’.<br/>
"Hasegawa right?" (Makoto)<br/>
It’s the kohai* that I remembered thanks to Tomoe. <TN: Junior in school><br/>
The girl that confessed to someone like me, moreover, the kohai that I had awfully rejected and hurt.<br/>
Hasegawa<br/>
A cute and zealous kohai that gave her all in archery.<br/>
That’s why even if I knew this girl was a completely different person, it disturbed my heart.<br/>
It was an event that I was made to remember not too long ago so more the reason, or so I think.<br/>
"Eh?"<br/>
I accidentally called her by that name. Her lips moved slightly and from there the sister let out a voice in reaction.<br/>
Tomoe let it slip by but the ears of Mio perked up and reacted to it. I feel that she will be questioning me pointlessly later.<br/>
It’s a name from my previous world so they probably didn’t take it as a person’s name.<br/>
[Its nothing. Anyways, I heard the situation from Rinon and was preoccupied. I am glad you are okay] (Makoto)<br/>
"I was reaping what I sowed, but you have truly saved us. We have been able to properly ‘manage’ so I got ahead of myself"<br/>
Her way of rethinking about herself is the same as Hasegawa.<br/>
Being able to more or less stand your ground in a harsh frontier, you can certainly get self-confident with that.<br/>
But I don’t know what to think about you bringing your little sister there.<br/>
After all with one error the little sister ended up in beggar-like looks and tottering the town at night, her sister was being drugged and her life was in danger.<br/>
[It seems that this is a pretty dangerous place. The outside is of course but the interior is as well. I have my followers with me so I am somehow able to live] (Makoto)<br/>
I respond to her while mixing in a wry smile.<br/>
In reality, the level of these two are practically the definition of bizarre.<br/>
Hearing that the two of them were mentioned, their expressions changed, practically saying ‘it was nothing’. In a way like they were smirking.<br/>
Really.<br/>
But the moment I mentioned those two in the conversation, I noticed the change in the appearance of Hasegawa and her little sister.<br/>
Her sister was moved, the little sister was cowering.<br/>
"The strength of your followers was truly dreadful-desu. First, they appeared in the room that we were confined without a single sound, it was a quite epic and incredible thing!"<br/>
"No no, it wasn’t that much" (Tomoe)<br/>
"If I use my darkness abilities something like that is nothing" (Mio)<br/>
That’s why I’m saying your faces are too loose. There is a limit to how happy you can be.<br/>
"That’s right! Then the darkness magic-desu! It helped me drive away the poison that was inside my body, and when we were returning, with her hands, she destroyed the door that was coated without even using an aria!"<br/>
Leaving aside the coating part, that she was able to clean the poison is pretty incredible. Next time I will ask her to teach me*. I think it was a bit too much to destroy the door though, but right now it’s a plus for you Mio. <TN: cant [Sakai] do that?><br/>
However, even with that. I can’t find an explanation for the state of Rinon when her sister has already returned.<br/>
She was probably told by that man to steal the money, the moment she was about to give it she was caught by one of the two, maybe?<br/>
I understand that she must feel guilty about it.<br/>
But the sister that was her true objective has returned alive, so I think it should be fine to have a more cheerful face.<br/>
Rinon that had a face that looked like she was worried, seems to be saying something. Without moving for a bit, she hung her head down all stiffly.<br/>
"Moreover, the lookouts and the able mercenaries were all handled by Tomoe-sama’s splendid body ability, they all went *snap *snap"<br/>
Oh? I feel like she is telling me something in a roundabout way. Is she just exaggerating things? I warned Tomoe not too long ago after all.<br/>
"!!! Y-You are exaggerating Toa. I didn’t do that much…" (Tomoe)<br/>
There is one idiot here that looks like a kid who has been discovered doing bad things. She tried to restrain Toa but I stop her with my eyes. And then I clearly confirm the appearance of Mio that was sweating.<br/>
The sister of Rinon called Toa, who was right now in a state of excitement, continued talking without the need for me to press her to continue.<br/>
"What do you mean ‘exaggerating’-desu ka! Its my first time seeing such a thing!! Even the building that was made with special materials to resist demon attacks was destroyed without a trace by Tomoe-sama’s fist and Mio-sama’s darkness" (Toa)<br/>
The two of them were going ‘a wa wa wa’, they were at each side of Toa-san making an incredibly easy to understand reaction.<br/>
"They even blew away the guild’s strongest, Ace, and 50 other adventurer mercenaries that were teaming up!"<br/>
… Uh, hey?!<br/>
What?! What is happening?! Don’t tell me that while I was sleeping it already turned into an ‘all is resolved, look forward to the next episode’?!<br/>
I am glad that I have a mask. I am sure that my face is showing a lot of expressions right now. Eh, are these tears?<br/>
I didn’t know about this feeling.<br/>
The words of Toa hit me in my heart in a way I didn’t expect.<br/>
—–<br/>
Translation note:<br/>
Everything ended while he was sleeping. That was unexpected I suppose?<br/>
Even though he decided to go wild. All that determination went down the drain. Haha xD<br/>
Previous Chapter  l  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
September 20, 2015September 22, 2015 ReigokaiUncategorized <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
