<br/>
[Now then, today’s lecture ends. Make sure not to be late to your next class]<br/>
I announce the end of the lecture to the 5 corpses and 3 cripples. Iyaaa, we really messed them up today~. In my side, at the last 5 minutes the three of them were in a state where they could practically do nothing.<br/>
In the side where Shiki was watching, the mist lizard left them completely beat up. It has to do with their inexperience in real combat, but I received a report that they were wiped out 4 times. That means they stopped the fight 4 times and had to do it again, and even with that they were still beat up. I hope Blue Lizard-kun has not become a trauma. I will have him release his limiter in the future and have them fight him occasionally. Do your best. There’s still more than 10 battles left with Blue Lizard-kun.<br/>
[Ah, Karen Frost. I have some business with you. I want to hear what plans you have after this]<br/>
"T-Today I only have sensei’s class"<br/>
Even when she is tired, she didn’t make me wait and answered quickly. So she is finished for today huh. To have only one class in the morning, how refined. But that’s convenient. In the morning I thought about calling out the students that had free time and have lunch with them, but this time let’s just invite Karen, and along with Shiki, we three will have lunch together. About the Rembrandt sisters, it’s fine to just call them to my office to greet them.<br/>
[That’s great. There’s one thing that’s been in my mind you see]<br/>
"T-There’s still more?!" (Karen)<br/>
[Yeah. Luckily, it seems you have time as well. Keep me company]<br/>
"… Y-Yes" (Karen)<br/>
Good.<br/>
After confirming her will, I left the field dragging Karen along with me. Normally, after the reflection meeting, it would be tempering until the last minute. Today I finished a bit early.<br/>
The group of five are pretty weakened after all.<br/>
Saying it like this is probably not the best way, but I think that they want to gossip. I could somehow tell from their eyes. Actually, the supposedly kind Shiki reports everything to me.<br/>
Well, complain as much as you want. Next week will be fun lecture again after all.<br/>
Karen probably noticed the smile that appeared in my face. Her body trembled.<br/>
◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆<br/>
"Shiki-san! Geez, I thought I would finally rise to heaven!"<br/>
"Lizardscarylizardscarylizardscary"<br/>
"What is that Lizardman?! He avoids like crazy, is fast, strong, hard! In the report shouldn’t I just write that everything is awesome and that’s aaaall?!"<br/>
"That’s already… a dragon"<br/>
"Then is that person a dragon summoner? No, it isn’t at that cute level. If I were asked which I want to choose as an enemy, I would not hesitate in choosing a dragon summoner"<br/>
"Oane-cha~n"<br/>
"Yuno, don’t make such a pitiful voice. This was outside my expectations… Probably because it is Raidou-sensei!"<br/>
Yareyare. It has become exactly as Makoto-sama said.<br/>
Seeing the students, I sigh internally.<br/>
From what I saw, the mist lizard was holding back quite a lot. His equipment was not what he usually uses and its water blaze was not used either. There wasn’t even a shred of that quick-wittedness they normally use. Their strongest point which is group battles is, of course, not there either.<br/>
Bluntly speaking, he was on the same level as the weak mamonos in the wasteland. And yet, 5 young ones that are said to have bright prospects came at him with all five and were wiped out 4 times. Seriously, how deplorable.<br/>
Makoto-sama had already predicted that they would be completely beat up, but even if not to the point of suddenly clearing it, I actually thought that they would put up a good fight at least. It seems that, even if it was an order of Makoto-sama, as I acted kind in front of them, I ended up being too lenient in my assessment of them. I have to reflect on this.<br/>
It seems that Mio-dono is taking longer than expected in her investigation on counter-measures for forced summoning, so I have to lend a hand in that area, and yet, what a troublesome bunch are these kids. Regarding Mio-dono, our current state of affairs isn’t that favorable. I-I don’t want the skin peeling punishment anymore… Even talking about it is scary.<br/>
"Well, calm down. Even with that, Raidou-sama is actually holding back quite a lot you know? It isn’t set as a wall you wouldn’t be able to overcome. I assure you of that" (Shiki)<br/>
"That’s definitely a lie! Shiki-san, no matter how I think of it, Raidou-sensei is definitely having fun with this!" (Jin)<br/>
"Jin, you say so, but the moves you showed were not the same as usual you know? The enemy is a monster, moreover, one that possesses strength superior to most. Weren’t you pretty nervous there?" (Shiki)<br/>
Nervous, or more like withered. Even though the Mist Lizard didn’t use his coercing shout. How inexperienced.<br/>
"That is… certainly true. That may be true but…" (Jin)<br/>
"Well, it is true that Raidou-sama is strict. That’s just how much he is expecting of all of you.  For me, seeing how he treats you all makes me a bit jealous" (Shiki)<br/>
"Shiki-san, you were the type that gets heated up when bullied? Then I too…" (Amelia)<br/>
"That’s not it Amelia. It’s just that, it’s been a long time since that person has expected something from me. Seeing how he presents tasks to you kids continuously, I was probably feeling a bit of envy" (Shiki)<br/>
He always gives words of thanks to me, but the amount of tasks Makoto-sama has given me are low. If I was told that isn’t the kind of connection we have, that would be it, but seeing my master interacting with the students, there are times when I feel a bit jealous.<br/>
The complains that come from everyone’s mouth about Makoto-sama’s lectures, I in times scold them, correct, soothe, sympathize or comfort them, while healing them. I have already gotten used to this work. Today is a lot more prominent than usual as expected though.<br/>
However, from the Rembrandt sisters that have joined us recently, I haven’t heard any such complains. They should have been driven the feeling of frustration by Makoto in their first participation though?<br/>
The two of them have calmed their breathing and were now inspecting their equipment.<br/>
"Sif-san and Yuno-san. How was it? Do you think you can continue?" (Shiki)<br/>
"Ah, ehm. Shiki-san, was it? It’s okay. Yuno and I will be coming again next week" (Sif)<br/>
"Yeah. It begins from now on after all! I am definitely continuing!" (Yuno)<br/>
Oya, how surprising. It seems there’s no need for a follow. "It seems that Makoto is strong" Is what their eyes are telling. Their will has not been broken. Anyways, if they don’t have a lukewarm personality, then it will be more comforting for me.<br/>
Umu, the rumors said their personalities were troublesome, but that just can’t be relied on huh. Like this, it seems like it will be worth teaching them.<br/>
It might be in a future, but there will probably be a time when Makoto-sama and I will meet these girls as the daughters of our partnered company, so I think we will be able to create a good connection. Ah that’s right. It would be a good idea to know the place those two are living. Makoto-sama probably went directly to Gotetsu.<br/>
When I check, the five of them were already gathered up and began the analysis of their opponent. What troublesome kids. Looking at this, I feel like they are totally planning to not come to the next lecture.<br/>
"I also want to hear Sif-san and Yuno-san’s opinion. Is that alright?" (Amelia)<br/>
Amelia invites the two. Even though they didn’t fight him directly, she probably wants to know about the impression the mist lizard gave from a different point of view. She is not thinking about how it is a bother for the two, but well, I welcome ambition.<br/>
The coiled up feeling those five had before the lecture was now gone. One reason may be because they were beaten hard. I don’t think this will open up their hearts completely, but it could be a trigger to fortify their connections. To prioritize what they currently require instead of doing bad gossip is most likely something that comes with youth.<br/>
"Yeah. If we are okay for you, then certainly!" (Sif)<br/>
"It’s great that we left the next slot of time open just in case right, Onee-chan!" (Yuno)<br/>
I see, so they prepared a counter-plan for the lecture that is rumored to be harsh. But really, they are truly straightforward that is funny. If they are still evil people after all this, then I can only consider them as the best actors of all. It is probably the rumors that are wrong.<br/>
The real discussion of Makoto-sama’s fun lecture began. Makoto-sama told me not to give them advice, so I can only stay silent. To be ambitious is something I think is likeable in a pupil. Seeing the hatchlings trying to look at what’s above is praiseworthy.<br/>
If that’s the case, it can’t be helped. Even though Makoto-sama cautioned me about it, I will turn a blind eye this one time. About the participation in the next lecture, I will leave it as if I didn’t see anything either.<br/>
Without saying anything, I leave and finish my business in the staff room before heading to where I would be meeting with Makoto-sama.<br/>
From here on it will probably be an unsavory story. Even I can tell that I am trying to make a strong smile. That woman, just what kind of objective did she have when she came to this Academy?<br/>
◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆<br/>
[It’s here]<br/>
I lead her to Gotetsu. Because it has just opened, there are no people here yet. At 1 o’clock people that are coming for lunch will begin to flow in here, so this is like the calm before the storm.<br/>
It would have been fine to take her to the Kuzunoha Company, but since it is like a base of sorts, I didn’t want to just suddenly bring an unknown factor. So I decided to bring her to Gotetsu which is the place we previously planned to come eat lunch.<br/>
When Shiki finishes his follow up with the students and investigates the address of the Rembrandt sisters, it will be exactly lunch. Nabe changes its taste as time passes, so let’s pass on ordering until he arrives here. If we finish eating before he comes, it would be wrong.<br/>
I use [Sakai] to set up a soundproof area. With this, there’s no fear of our conversation leaking outside.<br/>
Hmph~, it seems that she didn’t notice that I deployed a [Sakai]. I see, so she can’t detect [Sakai].<br/>
This woman student, I checked her documents again and have confirmed it. As expected, she is suspicious.<br/>
"Raidou-sensei, please begin talking about why you brought me here. Did you find a point you were interested in?" (Karen)<br/>
Karen had a face full of exhaustion, but right now she has a calm mask that one wouldn’t be able to tell she is exhausted and is looking straight at me. It is actually impossible to recover from mental fatigue in such a short amount of time, so it is clear that she is pushing herself. Maybe she just has that kind of skill trained in her body unlike others of her age, I think.<br/>
Also, the skills of her. Comparing her to the people I have met in the Academy, she is top class. No, thinking of her as a student is just too weird. That coordination with a person she is still not used to, and the power of her spell and speed. I tried bringing it out while I crushed and provoked her, but she probably hasn’t shown me everything. That is an awfully heretic attitude to Jin and the others who I am teaching to and this Academy. The fact that she is "hiding her true strength". Shiki also threw me a short thought transmission saying "be careful". He probably knows something about this girl.<br/>
I think that I brought out a decent amount of her skills in that lecture. At the latter half she seemed to have become a bit worked up. She set several things up while making sure it wasn’t noticed by the sisters. Even in a state where she was trying to hide her true strength, she let a part leak out.<br/>
[Actually, I can’t help but feel like your real ability is unnatural]<br/>
"My ability?" (Karen)<br/>
[Yeah. It isn’t in the level of a student. Not only that, the magic was clearly used in a manner accustomed to real combat]<br/>
"I am a military magician at my country. I have participated in several subjugation missions. If you doubt me, you can ask the details to a related party" (Karen) <I have over 300 confirmed kills><br/>
Without hesitating, Karen talks about her personal history. She talks of the kingdom army that has an unnecessarily long name with a pride filled voice.<br/>
Her personal history itself may actually exist for real. She talks of it with so much confidence after all. It depends on how long she has been planning this and at what scale it is though.<br/>
This is what I think but, probably, the personal history of the one called Karen Frost is already not in this world anymore. And that maybe she is impersonating her by using her appearance.<br/>
Replacing.<br/>
Infiltrate into the country, get promoted, enter Royal Academy, become a soldier and transfer into Rotsgard. Instead of creating such a personal history, I think it would be easier to just replace a person who has that kind of history. Especially when that person is from a faraway place.<br/>
[I am doubting that you are really Karen Frost. I have read the personal history of Karen Frost. Just as you said, because of a sudden situation, you have experience in the military and that you hold that position even in present]<br/>
"Even though you know that much, why are you doubting? I am the genuine Karen Frost. Ah, could it be, sensei is saying that to try and learn a lot about me? If that’s the case then I…"<br/>
[As expected, strange. Would someone normally act like that after being doubted? Wouldn’t they show more anger?]<br/>
I ignore Karen’s words. It isn’t like I care about the life of a single hyuman. It’s just that having her act that way in that appearance feels just like she is mocking the deceased. It makes me feel a bit angered.<br/>
There’s the chance that all my conjectures are wrong. But the attitude of her is practically in the black.<br/>
"It’s just that it is such an absurd thing to say that I don’t even feel like getting angry" (Karen)<br/>
[A sudden campaign deploy. Did you get involved with Karen Frost at that point in time?]<br/>
"Fufu, sensei. Your strength was certainly strong, but I didn’t think that you were the type that keeps talking about incomprehensible things. I won’t be coming to sensei’s class anymore. I don’t need lunch either. Excuse me" (Karen)<br/>
While holding a calm expression, Karen stands up from the opposite sit.<br/>
[Karen, are you not interested in why I doubted you of not being the real person?]<br/>
Wouldn’t one normally want to know the reason why someone has doubted your identity? Would they just leave without asking? And yet, she not only didn’t pursue the subject, but also tried to avoid the topic in itself, is what I feel. Even now she is trying to escape.<br/>
She doesn’t seem like she is angered one bit and her face could be taken as vague while trying to smile. She was lenient at first, but this may be a technique in negotiations.<br/>
"… Certainly. Thinking that I am a completely different person just because my skills are unnatural does feel pretty rash. Are you going to tell me the reason?" (Karen)<br/>
Of course. I was intending do so since I went through the trouble of inviting you to lunch.<br/>
[Because the appearance you are trying to hide is completely visible to me]<br/>
"Fufu, you see the real me? Are those love words?" (Karen)<br/>
[It means exactly what I am saying]<br/>
"Sorry, you may have taken the trouble to, but I must refuse your confess-" (Karen)<br/>
[Even if you don’t have a horn, that blue skin, just what business does a demon have in the Academy?]<br/>
Karen’s words stop mid-sentence. Because of the surprise, she instantly opened her eyes wide. That she soon made an enticing smile must be to smooth it over. In Tsige and Academy Town there were actually several times when spies wanted to try entering our Kuzunoha Company. At that time, Tomoe-sensei and Shiki-sensei taught them various things in practice. Even now, when I am receiving a friendly smile like this, I feel like there’s some sort of ulterior motive. This is something I myself think though. It seems to be because they don’t want the target to notice their agitation and are trying to compose themselves secretly.<br/>
G-Great. She probably won’t be escaping in the middle of it now. It seems like I can buy sufficient time for Shiki to come. It would have probably been better to have obediently eaten first. I was pretty nervous inside.<br/>
"Please don’t joke. What part of me looks like a demon?" (Karen)<br/>
Karen makes a turn to show me. But as long as that spell isn’t affecting me, she will still look like a blue person.<br/>
[Everything. Your blue skin, red eyes. Hair is blond. Semi long. I don’t see a hyuman at all. Let me say this first, half-assed illusions don’t work on me]<br/>
"…"<br/>
[You killed Karen and replaced her. Is that how it is? Hornless demon]<br/>
"…"<br/>
Without saying a word, Karen reacts slightly to the latter half of my writing. The muscles in her face trembled lightly, or so it looked like. In that case…<br/>
[I want you to answer my question, hornless demon]<br/>
"… To think that I would be found out this fast… moreover, so straightforwardly. Raidou huh. What a strange teacher there is" (Karen)<br/>
[You admit it right?]<br/>
"Yeah. I don’t intend to tell you my objective, but I am not Karen Frost. You are right. But…" (Karen)<br/>
[What?]<br/>
"Don’t call me hornless ever again. I will kill you" (Karen)<br/>
The woman demon that had taken off the mask of Karen, I could see something slightly blurry coming out from her contours. She probably stopped her camouflage. And an intense killing intent was shot out. It is somewhat easier to take than Sofia’s, but well, I think that I am just not good at dealing with the anger of a woman.<br/>
I was raised in a family where the women were strong, so my weakness isn’t something I can correct at this point in time. I can’t just push it away, so for now let’s just ignore it.<br/>
[Is Karen already…?]<br/>
"Yeah, just as you have inferred. But the one who did it wasn’t me. This was the deed of the companions of Karen. I just found the personal history of her convenient so took the chance" (Karen)<br/>
[I see, her companions. Karen Frost is a pitiful one]<br/>
I actually didn’t have that much interest in how that girl died. It was just as I deduced, but I am not even acquainted with Karen anyways. For hyumans to kill other hyumans isn’t something that unusual. In the modern times it was pretty much the same.<br/>
There was no need to ask. I can imagine why the demon in front of me was at a place like that. Hyumans and demons are in war after all.<br/>
"Ara, you are unexpectedly cold. Well, the girl called Karen was called a prodigy, but on the other hand, she seemed to have stir a good amount of grudges. Ne, can I ask you something as well? Are you hyuman?" (Karen)<br/>
[I don’t know the reason for that question but, yes, I am indeed a hyuman]<br/>
"Heh~ hyuman huh~… Well, there are a lot of types. But how unusual. After seeing a demon you guys would normally stare at me with bloodshot eyes" (Karen)<br/>
[I…]<br/>
Aaah, how bothersome!<br/>
"I am in the side that’s against racial discrimination. Even if they have blue skin it doesn’t matter, as long as they can exchange their thoughts it isn’t any different from a person after all" (Makoto)<br/>
"?!! You… can use the language of demons?! But, the word ‘racial discrimination side’ is a word I first hear. Judging from your words, you mean that as long as you can exchange a conversation the outer appearance doesn’t matter, right?" (Karen)<br/>
"Well, yeah, something like that. And so, how should I call you? Please spare me from the name Karen. That’s the name of a deceased person after all. I still want to hear a few things more, so please give me a name" (Makoto)<br/>
"There’s… no need for that"<br/>
The woman narrows her eyes looking a bit sad. It can even be seen as pity. From her sudden change of expression and her lowering of shoulders, I unintentionally found that gesture as cute, in contrast to her usual seductiveness.<br/>
"…"<br/>
"For a hyuman to talk normally with a demon is quite, no, incredibly interesting for me, but, you can tell right? I have to eliminate you no matter what. You will get in the way of my work after all. That’s why there’s no need to tell you a name"<br/>
"That woman’s name is Rona. She threw away her family name. She is one of the demon generals of the demon army, Raidou-sama"<br/>
"?!!"<br/>
"Shiki huh" (Makoto)<br/>
The killing intent that was filling up the room was erased by the voice of a third party. Just like dispersing the heat of summer by sprinkling water. That it was in an instant as well made me feel like it was exactly like sprinkling water. Rona who had confirmed Shiki’s presence and words, quickly took a battle stance.<br/>
That was too late. But with this, it seems like we can finally talk about a lot of things. That Shiki, he really did know her. Rona huh. That she threw away her family name and hornless, gives an impression of a mysterious woman. Wearing a school uniform with an adult body, I honestly can’t see it as anything but cosplay and it makes it hard to fix my eyes. She is wearing it slightly pulled down so it makes me think that way even more.<br/>
And also, a demon general huh. This would be the first time I am face to face with a demon of the demon camp.<br/>
As expected, it was something troublesome.<br/>
In the room that has been filled with tension for a while now, Shiki’s steps resound and he takes a sit. I was still in my sitting position. And Rona-san who tried to leave the room in her Karen form, is still standing.<br/>
Just as if she ran out of patience looking at Shiki’s gaze, she makes a small sigh and takes her seat once again.<br/>
A strange lunch began in Gotetsu.<br/>
Previous Chapter  l  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
April 4, 2016April 7, 2016 ReigokaiTsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Douchuu <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
