<br/>
"That last one looked pretty fun-desu wa ne" (Mio)<br/>
"Umu, maybe I should also try it once. It’s an interesting idea-ja" (Tomoe)<br/>
"… A Shining Wizard and a midair combo. Don’t tell me Yuno is the same type as Eris" (Makoto)<br/>
The team battle finals concluded.<br/>
He may have shown surprising defensive power and toughness, but it didn’t turn into as much of a close game as I thought, and Ilumgand sunk.<br/>
In the middle of it, there was something that caught my attention, but that was also finished when I saw the midair combo.<br/>
As the Hopelace’s second son, he talked about authority, showed a fight that was completely different from his general notion, and without being able to show off much in the match, it finished.<br/>
His relatives must have come to see him as well. How pitiful.<br/>
The last spear totally hit his face too.<br/>
Even if it’s wooden, it was still impressive that the spear broke.<br/>
Was the throw of Yuno that good, or was it the face of Ilumgand that was hard?<br/>
Whichever it is, I think his consciousness was taken away with that attack.<br/>
"The ideas of Waka’s students are interesting. They are weak, but I could feel that they are used to scheming" (Tomoe)<br/>
"Right. The finals were pretty fun. The body techniques of that girl were great" (Mio)<br/>
Tomoe and Mio seem to have enjoyed it.<br/>
That they didn’t show any will to evaluate the fight in the end is, well, it can’t be helped.<br/>
They are not hyumans to begin with, and in their perspective, they honestly feel that they are no more than chicks.<br/>
But I feel a bit relieved.<br/>
If they are able to think that well by themselves and look for their own style with a clear objective in mind, no matter when my class finishes, they would still be fine.<br/>
Well then, I will go to the waiting room as well and congratulate them.<br/>
And while it, check Hopelace’s state… No, I should not do that one.<br/>
It would be troublesome if I get into a problem again.<br/>
I stand up and was about to move, but then, I noticed an abnormality.<br/>
Jin and the others prepared their weapons. Yuno lost her spear so she made a stance with her fists.<br/>
Those movements were already at the level of martial arts.<br/>
I didn’t teach her that at all, or more like, I can’t teach her that, so she probably learned hand-to-hand combat from another teacher.<br/>
But the referee already declared the end of the match.<br/>
There should be no need for them to prepare their weapons.<br/>
And in the direction they are facing, there’s the fallen Ilumgand.<br/>
"What?"<br/>
"Waka, there’s a strange magic power coming out from that brat. He is releasing an incredibly wicked aura that is coiled around emotions" (Tomoe)<br/>
Tomoe tells me.<br/>
I am not using the [Sakai] for search and examination.<br/>
I am using it to suppress my power after all.<br/>
Also, my perception ability without using Sakai is not impressive at all.<br/>
"Really, but it is strange-desu wa. It looks like it is not only the current emotions, old emotions are joined together as well. It feels awful-desu" (Mio)<br/>
Mio is looking at Ilumgand as if looking at something weird.<br/>
The released magic power was probably amplifying. It changed into the special color that appears when powerful magic power is unleashed or used.<br/>
At that point, even I can clearly tell.<br/>
What I am saying is that his magic power had changed to the color suitable for water magic, blue.<br/>
I am not saying it defines the weakness and fortes of an individual, but it does have a big effect in the path you take.<br/>
His gentle blue that’s close to light blue is normally seen in people specialized in healing and support.<br/>
By the way, in my case, it is a darkish deep blue. Its specialty is… Tte, this is not the time for that.<br/>
"It doesn’t seem… like he is doing this out of his will. Should we stop it?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Aren’t the people managing the tournament the ones who should do something? It does feel strange though" (Tomoe)<br/>
In the middle of Tomoe’s words, Ilumgand stands up.<br/>
Jin and the others take proper battle formation. But Amelia who is outside the stage shouts something.<br/>
After that, the three dissolve their stance and go down the stage. As if following Amelia, they all simultaneously left through the exit.<br/>
Ah.<br/>
They went to take the weapons in the waiting room huh.<br/>
That means…<br/>
"Waka-sama, it seems it has turned into a slightly bad situation. Should I say, it has eaten a lot?" (Shiki)<br/>
Just as I thought, Shiki speaks.<br/>
"Jin and the others went to retrieve their weapons right?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Yes. I told them that it was a reward from Waka-sama for winning the championship. Just in case, I thought they would be able to hold it back temporarily with those so I instructed them to return" (Shiki)<br/>
"That… noble, just what is going on with him?" (Makoto)<br/>
"He is in an incredibly dangerous state. No, it can already be considered too late. He has taken a dosage of at least several months to make his body get used to this abnormality, and that time has come" (Shiki)<br/>
"The time… has come?" (Makoto)<br/>
So it is really not his will.<br/>
But it is surprising that it was able to escape all the diagnosis of the academy.<br/>
Doping for several months?<br/>
"Yeah. That’s not hyuman anymore. It is already beginning to change into a variation" (Shiki)<br/>
"… What’s a variation?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Just as the word implies. It’s when a hyuman changes into something that’s not hyuman anymore. I am also a type of variation. I turned into it by my own will, so my circumstances are different from his though. There was a period of time when I was interested in the borders of hyumans and non-hyumans, and experimented with it. I presume there’s no mistake" (Shiki)<br/>
"Just for what or who did he do this for? Hopelace is a big noble right? Is there anyone who would choose to make them their enemy? From what I hear, it seems to be quite planned out, and it feels ominous" (Makoto)<br/>
"… Waka-sama, are you really saying that? This kind of advanced magic, use of drugs, and the nature of the plan. Hyumans are the target. Seeing the situation, there’s only one power that would execute this kind of plan" (Shiki)<br/>
"Eh? But the demon race is different right? Rona-san pulled back her troops and she said that she would cooperate for the sake of Jin and Amelia" (Makoto)<br/>
That’s right.<br/>
I requested Rona-san to hurriedly withdraw the demons in Rotsgard. There’s no way she would do something like this.<br/>
"But, did that woman say anything about not doing anything in Rotsgard?" (Shiki)<br/>
"No. She just listened to my request, and then I promised her I would meet the demon lord later, that’s all" (Makoto)<br/>
"Then, even if this is the deed of that woman, she hasn’t broken her promise with Waka-sama. At the very least, that’s what Rona would say" (Shiki)<br/>
Wouldn’t that just be a play of words? Sophism?<br/>
I didn’t want the demon race to cause any problems in the school festival.<br/>
Because the matter with Hopelace suddenly came up, I asked Rona to temporarily withdraw the demons since I have scarce personnel.<br/>
She accepted that.<br/>
Then, that would mean she doesn’t intent to cause anything here right?<br/>
Didn’t it mean she accepted that?<br/>
"Isn’t that just sophism?" (Makoto)<br/>
"It was only a verbal promise after all. Even if she acts in a good willed manner, Waka-sama is still hyuman. I don’t think Rona would reveal everything to you. Also, that woman saw a part of Waka-sama’s power and has caught a hold of my existence. In that case, no matter what strife they cause, we would be able to get through it, that’s why she didn’t say it beforehand. Or maybe, if she told you and you were to do something to counter it, it might bring big disadvantages for her" (Shiki)<br/>
The demon race…<br/>
I thought at least the demon race would be…!<br/>
In terms of forming a relationship or negotiating, I thought they would not be a bad option, and yet…<br/>
In the end, maybe the thought of expecting a genuine ally was wrong.<br/>
Advantages and disadvantages, phrasing, diplomacy.<br/>
It is truly filled with troublesome things.<br/>
"From what I hear, the demon race is also not the type that one can deal with ordinary methods" (Makoto)<br/>
"Every single one deceiving Waka-sama… They only think about themselves! How unsightly. I can’t forgive them-desu wa!!" (Mio)<br/>
In truth, I didn’t feel confident working along with hyumans, so I wanted to try talking with the demon race and see. But, are you trying to tell me that that thinking was naïve?<br/>
Or are you telling me to swallow something of this level and negotiate with the demon race?<br/>
"…"<br/>
The regret that had no place to smash into and the mortification that couldn’t turn into words, were turned into breath and exhaled.<br/>
Damn it.<br/>
Damn it, damn it, damn it, DAMN IT!!!!<br/>
I know!<br/>
I have already noticed!<br/>
This place is bigger than I thought.<br/>
Me and the Kuzunoha Company have gathered quite a lot of attention and have begun receiving interference.<br/>
This place doesn’t belong to any country, so I thought it wouldn’t gather that much attention, but I have understood that it was completely the opposite.<br/>
Not only the four major powers, even the demon race has locked their eyes on us.<br/>
Getting played around by the hyumans, Merchant Guild, demon race; not only can’t I freely do business, I am beginning to lose my understanding of how to act.<br/>
I stayed unaware of the wideness of the stage I am standing in for way too long.<br/>
Can I do it? At this late of a time?<br/>
Using Kaleneon, I would hide from all troublesome things in a place I can’t be found.<br/>
Even so, as long as I have talked to the Ansland sisters, there’s no way I can just not do it!<br/>
"R-Raidou-sensei, this is terrible! There are several monsters rampaging in town!!"<br/>
"…"<br/>
"At the surroundings of Gotetsu, at the surrounding of Kuzunoha Company as well; everywhere has fallen into a terrible chaos! For now it doesn’t seem like there is that much damage, but…"<br/>
The voice of Eva and Ruria.<br/>
When I turned, I see that the two of them were there, out of breath.<br/>
Truly good timing.<br/>
For them to come talk to me when I thought about them.<br/>
There’s also monsters in the town huh.<br/>
Because of my experience in this kind of things, my head was able to stay calm.<br/>
Tomoe told me that getting ahead of myself is not good, but the summer vacation was valuable for me.<br/>
I see.<br/>
Ilumgand’s variation. Things similar to that are probably happening in several places.<br/>
Rona-san… Rona.<br/>
Damn it.<br/>
You… deceived me right?<br/>
‘I didn’t lie’ or ‘You didn’t ask me’, I don’t care about any of those.<br/>
If as a result, I have seen it in that way…<br/>
You won’t have any problems if I act dishonestly as well right?<br/>
It is okay to think that you guys had nothing to do with this and cope with it while having that thought in mind, right?<br/>
I do think it was a one-sided trust.<br/>
Even so, I can tell that the feeling of being deceived and my opposition to her are welling up.<br/>
"If we don’t run away fast or deal with it, this place will also be dangerous sensei!"<br/>
[Eva-san, Ruria, calm down]<br/>
"But!"<br/>
"It feels incredibly dangerous!"<br/>
[Yeah. Please tell me everything you know. Also, it may be a bit fast, but I want the answer as well. I want to hear the answer from the question a few days ago]<br/>
"??!!"<br/>
I could tell that both sisters gulped their breath.<br/>
It is weird that, seeing the restless state of these girls, I am steadily growing calmer.<br/>
The surrounding audience that saw the abnormal state of Ilumgand, and some that maybe heard the information from outside, suddenly fall into a state of panic, and the noisiness also increased at a fast rate.<br/>
The only ones calm around were us.<br/>
… It thoroughly makes me hate my own naivety.<br/>
I have not been through any bad things with the demon race, so they are good guys. Truly a childish thought.<br/>
I am an idiot who doesn’t even know the ‘N’ in negotiation.<br/>
The enemy of my enemy is my ally.<br/>
Even when I was in Japan, I thought: ‘like hell that’s the case’, and yet, in reality I thought exactly like that.<br/>
I am an idiot, truly an idiot.<br/>
Even I think I am hopeless.<br/>
— But…<br/>
Even if it is an idiot, it doesn’t mean whatever they do will be forgiven.<br/>
No matter how stupid that person is.<br/>
No matter where I go, I won’t change my thinking that: ‘Instead of the one being deceived, the one doing the deceiving is the wrong one’.<br/>
No matter what.<br/>
If this were a genuine negotiation and business discussion, me who was deceived would be the losing one.<br/>
But that’s wrong.<br/>
This is a fighting scene where strength dictates the direction.<br/>
In that case, there are plenty of things I, we, are able to do.<br/>
First, I will hear Eva and Ruria’s feelings.<br/>
And then, decide what I should do.<br/>
Without showing my disarrayed inside, I wait for the answer of the two with the usual face of Raidou.<br/>
Previous Chapter  l  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
				__ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
					__ATA.initDynamicSlot({<br/>
						id: 'atatags-977445811-5e8880a36c947',<br/>
						location: 120,<br/>
						formFactor: '001',<br/>
						label: {<br/>
							text: 'Advertisements',<br/>
						},<br/>
						creative: {<br/>
							reportAd: {<br/>
								text: 'Report this ad',<br/>
							},<br/>
							privacySettings: {<br/>
								text: 'Privacy settings',<br/>
							}<br/>
						}<br/>
					});<br/>
				});<br/>
			<br/>
<br/>
            __ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
                __ATA.initVideoSlot('atatags-977445815-5e8880a36c966', {<br/>
                    sectionId: '977445815',<br/>
                    format: 'inread'<br/>
                });<br/>
            });<br/>
        <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
July 6, 2016July 8, 2016 ReigokaiTsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Douchuu <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
