<br/>
Normal and Sponsored Chapter<br/>
<br/>
The Meiris Lake and the surrounding land is a special area that is managed by the Limia Kingdom.<br/>
In the public, there’s a number of fronts, but in essence, it is the same as Gritonia Empire; a place that they have formed a contract with a dragon and the royal family is protecting.<br/>
Different from the Empire, the contract is something of the long past and has already begun fading from the memories of many people in Limia, and now only the royal family and nobles with authority know of the details.<br/>
Currently, the common knowledge of the Meiris Lake is not that it is the territory of a Superior Dragon, but that it is the training place of Limia with the highest danger level.<br/>
Misumi Makoto and Otonashi Hibiki were riding their horses and entered through the closest eastern gate, and they walk through the surface of earth that was made from the steps of others.<br/>
By the way, the guards of the eastern gate were suddenly notified that the hero would be going and were at their peak in nervousness. After desperately doing the explanation of Meiris Lake and safely finishing their introductions, they kneeled down.<br/>
"In Japan, horse riding is considered a special skill, but here, you just naturally learn it." (Hibiki)<br/>
"Right, I was like that as well." (Makoto)<br/>
"How many times did you experience having your horse run at full speed?" (Hibiki)<br/>
"Hm, it was a short distance, but around three times. Senpai seems to be quite used to riding. Do you ride them normally? Or did you have experience when you were in Japan?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Yeah, I had normal experience in Japan. But because I only knew the basics, it actually made it harder since I had to get used to riding on the horse and to the change of viewpoints. Even when it is the same form, the techniques required were different." (Hibiki)<br/>
At the Meiris Lake, there’s a forest, a prairie, and a number of hills; and all of those together, make it as if it is one big national park. <br/>
Defeating mamonos or ending up as their meal are all your own responsibility.<br/>
The two were in a forest not far away from the capital that’s thick enough to be called a sea of trees. They were doing a conversation that didn’t fit the place as they walk through it.<br/>
They encountered mamonos a few times, but Hibiki cut them with the end of her sword.<br/>
Makoto was only following her from behind.<br/>
"By the way, Makoto-kun, this is the first time I have heard of people living in this place. What is it you are delivering?" (Hibiki)<br/>
"Sorry, it is supposed to be a secret, so I can’t answer. If the other party doesn’t mind it, I will show you at that time." (Makoto)<br/>
"Too bad. The reason was plain curiosity, but I might as well try asking the other party." (Hibiki)<br/>
Hibiki was really interested in the object that Makoto was delivering, but she easily drew back. <br/>
If she were to forcefully try to take a look at it or learn of it, it would be obvious that it would make the atmosphere heavy, and there was no benefit in that.<br/>
"Even so…Senpai has gotten strong. It seems like there’s no need for me to do anything. If I remember correctly, when you were in Japan, you were a national level swordswoman." (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto remembers that Hibiki was an exemplar kendo user and nods. <br/>
There was one time when Makoto had seen a match of hers since the archery club match was over and it was close. <br/>
At that time, the eyes of Makoto saw in the sword of Hibiki, not only kendo, but also an old sword style mixed in it as well. He didn’t touch on that point though.<br/>
"My role is to protect you after all. If I weren’t able to protect you on my own, I would have called my companions as well. It is a place where I am plenty enough, that’s why it is only the two of us, that’s all there’s to it. I don’t know if you actually need a bodyguard since you are able to make people like Tomoe-san and Mio-san obey you though." (Hibiki)<br/>
And in truth, Hibiki was not actually acting as a bodyguard.<br/>
Hibiki’s objective was to have a connection with Makoto, and keeping him in check.<br/>
"No, it was a great help that Senpai was in Limia. Because with just Mio and Lime, I don’t think the people of the country would be able to trust us. Even if we have power…it doesn’t mean they will trust us." (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto honestly answers.<br/>
If only power was necessary, Makoto would be more trusted by others.<br/>
And in truth, Makoto -the Kuzunoha Company’s Raidou- is being seen as a shady existence mostly because of his way of acting, but in a sense, Makoto felt the ‘limit of only having power’.<br/>
To reach that conclusion you need to be quite the special case, and even if he feels it, the experience he should be gaining is a different problem.<br/>
At the very least, the current Makoto still doesn’t have a clear grasp of the worth of his power.<br/>
"…Power is…the basis of everything. When you have enough of it, trust will take form in some way and follow you." (Hibiki)<br/>
"Is that how it works?" (Makoto)<br/>
Hibiki has been compensating for her weakness of long ranged attacks with magic and sword technique.<br/>
The fire spear that was released from her had pierced through the beast that came lunging at us, and was now carbonized.<br/>
The first sign of the attack was when the branches shook from the jump.<br/>
With a short aria, she was able to form a relatively powerful magic. This point made me feel the power of a hero.<br/>
If the people in Rotsgard Academy were able to do this, they would be able to gain a pretty big advantage.<br/>
It is not anything unique, but her foundation has been carefully polished by talent and hard work.<br/>
Her ability to defeat the enemy without them being able to do anything was something that made the people looking understand how incredible it was.<br/>
Hibiki opened a bit of time and gave an opinion to Makoto’s words, and glances at him.<br/>
The fire spear that was shot in front of Makoto’s eyes, the sword technique of Hibiki; Makoto gave words of admiration instead of surprise to all of those as he followed her.<br/>
"As an individual, an organization, or in an even bigger society; in the end, people are practically doing a competition in how much of that ‘power’ they can obtain. It’s as if they are placing that basis as their everything." (Hibiki)<br/>
(So my power is within his predicted level huh. I have shown my serious side to Lime, so this probably can’t be helped.) (Hibiki)<br/>
"Even in physical strength and fighting power? It is certainly true that in this world, the power of an individual can overwhelm an army though." (Makoto)<br/>
‘That’s something that only applies to this parallel world, and in Japan that doesn’t work like that, right?’, is what the eyes of Makoto were saying.<br/>
That look of his made a number of conjectures Hibiki had of Makoto disappear, and at the same time, it reinforced some conjectures she had as well.<br/>
Without showing it in her expression, she continued speaking.<br/>
"Even here is the same as Japan, you know? Even if we call it power, this ‘power’ counts physical strength and wisdom. The integration of what you have obtained yourself, and what you have gathered; this will determine the size of your influence in society." (Hibiki)<br/>
"…"<br/>
"Mankind are animals that show their best performance when they flock together. For example: friends, companions, and commanders; if those kind of people increase in numbers, they will be able to add their power to others. Even if it’s you alone or a group of people, power is power." (Hibiki)<br/>
"…I feel like… what Senpai is saying and what I am saying are not coinciding at all." (Makoto)<br/>
"No, it is exactly the same. Just that our allies are different. I think that no matter what power it is, it can be turned into a numerical value. You don’t think that way. I think that’s all there’s to it." (Hibiki)<br/>
"Numerical value huh. It is certainly true that I haven’t thought much in that way. In the first place, I feel like it would be pointless to turn physical strength and wisdom into numbers." (Makoto)<br/>
A judgemental opinion was given by Makoto.<br/>
But his expression didn’t show antagonism, it seemed as if he had a lot of questions popping in his head, Hibiki was able to notice it and nods.<br/>
Hibiki was having Makoto hear a deep opinion of hers with an intention in mind.<br/>
‘Even if you have power, you can’t obtain trust’, using those words of Makoto, she began this argument.<br/>
Well, the person himself doesn’t seem to have noticed it much, but even so, Hibiki didn’t mind and continued the conversation.<br/>
For the sake of doing what she wants to do with Makoto in this time they are alone.<br/>
"Depending on the situation, it will double or be halved, but there’s plenty enough meaning in it. For example, Tomoki-kun and I are normally being compared, but between us heroes, there’s already differences. Strong points and weak points can’t be helped. That’s why, gathering people with aggregate amounts is important, but gathering people with different types of abilities is equally important." (Hibiki)<br/>
"Senpai and Tomoki huh." (Makoto)<br/>
"That’s right. In your analysis, Makoto-kun…hmph, just what do you think?" (Hibiki)<br/>
In the middle of her words, she brushed away something resembling a dart, and just like that, she shortened the distance and cut several mamonos with her blade.<br/>
When she returned, she continued her question.<br/>
He could tell that Hibiki didn’t feel any pressure after entering the east gate that has the highest danger level.<br/>
"Tomoki is the offensive type. He is strengthened with his equipment, and by using powerful bursting abilities, he is able to defeat his enemies without them being able to do anything. His number one specialty is probably that. He also has his Charm, but it doesn’t have much point against people that are not affected by it anyways." (Makoto)<br/>
"But in a sense, that Charm of his is the strongest weapon. Thanks to that, his actions within the Empire have gone practically unobstructed. It may be simple but his strategy is to trample down his opponents with high firepower, and with his Charm, he is able to easily turn opposing parties into supporters. Having these two, he is most likely able to do a lot." (Hibiki)<br/>
"Ah, in other words, those points should be added as Tomoki’s power? It is a convenient power that can crush opposition before it occurs after all." (Makoto)<br/>
"Yeah, I do want to hear more about him, but right now, I am more interested in what Makoto-kun sees in me. Can I hear about me?" (Hibiki)<br/>
"Senpai is… Ah, I see. So that’s why I thought like that. As expected, how impressive…" (Makoto)<br/>
"Makoto-kun?" (Hibiki)<br/>
Hibiki thought that she would be hearing an evaluation of herself, but seeing Makoto beginning to understand something by himself, she makes a puzzled expression.<br/>
"Ah, sorry. Hibiki-senpai is able to do both physical and magical fights without any problems, and even if your magic is a slight weak point of yours, it is the all-purpose type. If  there’s a hole in your formation, you can fill for the long ranged attack and lack of firepower, and with that reaction speed, I think there’s practically no problem in that." (Makoto)<br/>
"…"<br/>
"Compared to Tomoki, your firepower is lower, but I think you win in all other aspects. Also, I feel like Senpai’s specialty is not battling." (Makoto)<br/>
"Heh~." (Hibiki)<br/>
"This is something I thought when I was in Japan too, but Senpai actively looks to obtain connections with people that can do what you can’t. I think that’s incredible. Even though there should be opposition and a lot of other things that make it hard for both parties to connect, you are good at getting along with them, like doing discussions that I wouldn’t be able to imagine we are the same age, and it felt like you were used to speeches." (Makoto)<br/>
"It is not like I can do anything by myself after all. I have other people help me in the things I lack of, isn’t that kind of thinking natural?" (Hibiki)<br/>
"Even though you are a person that can do a lot by yourself, you are still able to think in that way. That’s not something natural. And I thought this after hearing what Senpai said just now, that maybe Senpai’s number one power is that." (Makoto)<br/>
"I feel like you are praising me, and at the same time, I feel like you aren’t. Those are vague words." (Hibiki)<br/>
"I am praising you. That no matter what area that person excels in, Senpai is able to look at them without clouded eyes, and see that person’s power. And especially those normal persons that don’t have a big talent or power, you understand that they are able to do something big as long as they gather and help each other. That point of view, or more like, that way of thinking is what I think is Senpai’s number one power." (Makoto)<br/>
Each person has their own plan.<br/>
Even so, people gather around the surroundings of Hibiki, cooperate with her, and on top of that, they live for their own objective. <br/>
In the eyes of Makoto that is looking at this from far away, that’s how he saw Hibiki and her surroundings.<br/>
She is able to accomplish anything, and she is kind to people too.<br/>
That’s why Makoto evaluated Hibiki as a perfect superhuman, a genius. <br/>
Hearing Hibiki’s way of thinking, his thoughts changed a bit, but the impression of Makoto towards Hibiki didn’t turn bad.<br/>
If he were at Hibiki’s side, he would probably be able to find ugly selfish parts of hers, but Makoto and Hibiki didn’t have that much interaction to reach that point.<br/>
Making the best out of people.<br/>
That’s exactly the talent of Hibiki, is what Makoto thought as he felt true admiration.<br/>
"Thanks, I am happy." (Hibiki)<br/>
(…As I thought, he is not an idiot. Even though it is limited, he is able to evaluate people, and he is probably the type that keeps some inside of himself. I have heard about a few poor conducts of him, but…could it be…he still hasn’t learned of a way of acting that fits the stage he is standing in? Kuzunoha Company is a company that has suddenly gathered attention and is growing, it is a possible case. That he is having a radical increase in attention and is growing continuously means that the person himself has high potential, but if his ability and the ability of his company are not proportional… In the time he was at Japan, from what I remember, he was the type that specialized in one talent. He had average grades and physical ability, only in his club did he show extraordinary abilities, is what I think. It is a faint memory that I was somehow able to remember though.) (Hibiki)<br/>
"Ahaha, well, I heard from Lime that you had a slightly hard fight at Lorel, but that was probably because there weren’t the necessary people gathered around Senpai at that moment. If it’s Senpai, you probably already have countermeasures for that." (Makoto)<br/>
Being given a honest thanks, Makoto gets embarrassed.<br/>
If it were in Japan, this is a situation that would never occur.<br/>
"A perfected long ranged firepower huh. It is sad to say, but that countermeasure is still lacking. The reconstruction of the capital is a pressing matter after all. We have been trying a few things with my comrades, but I think that it still isn’t at the passing mark." (Hibiki)<br/>
(But it is clear that he has touched several fields when he arrived at this world. His company’s business conditions and his classification was an anything-goes store. Medicine that doesn’t let anyone follow in effectivity and cost performance. Even though it should be difficult to transport goods in the wasteland, they have a stable supply of ingredients and goods. With their abnormal speed in circulation of goods, I can only think that they have surpassed the modern day Japan. They have a stable management of dwarf equipment that hyumans have a hard time to get their hands on. Tomoe-san, Mio-san, and Lime are employees that have overwhelming power enough to make mercenaries run away. None of those are things that can be obtained by being specialized in archery. In the first place, his actions up until now have been that of a rising merchant, which makes it even harder to believe… In that case…) (Hibiki)<br/>
"When talking about long ranged attacks, in this world, as expected, magic is the one that shines. If it’s only a single attack, ritual magic is best, but the preparation is troublesome, and it is easy to make countermeasures for it." (Makoto)<br/>
"Also, it should be a slightly adaptable power. With the firepower of ritual magic, it would be passable, but in adaptability, it is weak. Effectivity, range, accuracy. The reconstruction makes me feel bitter, but my own incompetence too. Even though Rotsgard that was destroyed at the same time has advanced that fast in it, I am here, and that makes me feel that maybe I could have done more." (Hibiki)<br/>
(And most of all, his thick Japanese smell is bothering me. It is already been two years since coming to this world. Even Tomoki who has created a harem, has changed quite a lot compared to his time in Japan, and even I am remembering my past and trying to bring out that old self. And yet, his natural state smells like that of a Japanese, at least on the outside. What’s going on? He is way too involved in this world to be evading reality. Just what kind of lifestyle did he live in order to turn out like this?) (Hibiki)<br/>
"In the Kuzunoha Company there are a number of people specialized in long ranged attacks, but as expected, I just can’t lend you my important employees all the time. Sorry." (Makoto)<br/>
"…Is the person that shot that incredible attack in Lorel…one of them as well? That attack was shot from a crazy distance, and had destructive power on the level of a bomb. It was like a cutting-edge weapon in terms of accuracy." (Hibiki)<br/>
(This is something that I have thought after arranging the information I have of me and Tomoki, and checking the common points of us heroes. Could it be that part of those things also apply on him as well? The outward appearance is probably not a requirement when being summoned. It is most likely necessary to have an above-average talent and a special trait, but then, this boy has a number of common points with me? No. The common points of Makoto-kun, Tomoki, and me huh. Maybe I should verify the points that are not the general type from the common points Tomoki and I share. The number one would be his attachment to his original world but…I feel like he is different in that aspect from us.) (Hibiki)<br/>
"Ah, that huh. Was it that weird?" (Makoto)<br/>
"It wasn’t strange. It was incredible. If someone were to get into a fight with the Kuzunoha Company, it might not be at the level of a capital, but it would be able to wipe out most towns in one attack. Just thinking that, my back shivers." (Hibiki)<br/>
(The Goddess said we can’t return anymore. Tomoki and I accepted this and wished for it, so our attachment isn’t that big. Well, it is true that I sometimes miss the food of Japan and the peaceful life which I feel a different sense of value in. But that’s all there is. The things this world has given me are bigger. It should be the same for Tomoki. Actually, that guy has made a harem that he can do anything with, and even with that, if there’s a time when he says he wants to return to Japan, I feel like as a woman, I would have to eliminate him first before the Demon Lord. There’s also unconfirmed information that some Empire noble has given birth to the child of Tomoki. And in truth, there’s a number of girls that are currently pregnant.) (Hibiki)<br/>
"Ahahaha…" (Makoto)<br/>
"The person that did that was someone I know? Tomoe-san, or maybe Mio-san?" (Hibiki)<br/>
(Well, leaving that aside, the next thing that bothers me is this. Thinking about the natural traits of a hero, I would be able to understand, but I am slightly wondering if those two ‘are the same’ as well.) (Hibiki) <She is most likely referring to an ability like Charm and Charisma. She thinks those two probably have been ‘charmed’ by Makoto.><br/>
"Actually, the elder dwarfs made an incredible weapon, and with that weapon, I uhm… I did it. Uhm, I wouldn’t pointlessly destroy a town, so I hope you understand we wouldn’t use it to make negotiations in Kuzunoha Company." (Makoto)<br/>
After emphasizing that it was a dwarf weapon, Makoto confessed.<br/>
"?!!" <br/>
(Wait, WHAT DID HE SAY?!) (Hibiki)<br/>
"I didn’t expect for it to be so powerful~, ahahaha." (Makoto)<br/>
In Makoto’s case, he thought an attack of that level wasn’t something surprising, but he took the words of Hibiki as how the general populace would interpret it.<br/>
"Makoto-kun…shot an attack of that level?!" (Hibiki)<br/>
"Well, yeah." (Makoto)<br/>
"…You did it alone, right?" (Hibiki)<br/>
"…Yes." (Makoto)<br/>
Hibiki was confirming and Makoto nods.<br/>
"…"<br/>
"Senpai?" (Makoto)<br/>
"I see, so Makoto-kun is a long-range attack expert huh. I was surprised." (Hibiki)<br/>
(My plans on how to deal with him…more than half of them have been trashed. This is bad. In that case, the more I need to ask him that before it becomes unpredictable.) (Hibiki)<br/>
"In the first place, my specialty was the bow. Even in this world, I am relying on it." (Makoto)<br/>
"By the way, Makoto-kun, I don’t think it is possible to obtain power of that level by ordinary means but, can I ask you something?" (Hibiki)<br/>
It is not like Makoto has faced hardships in his training since coming to this world.<br/>
Actually, the time he faced hardships was in his childhood when his body still didn’t have the physical strength of a normal person, and that’s a story of when he was in Japan.<br/>
"If it’s something I can answer." (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto answers the question of Hibiki with the convenient phrase he has settled of in saying since becoming a merchant.<br/>
"Makoto-kun, have you killed hyumans, demi-humans, or demons?" (Hibiki)<br/>
"I don’t know why you mentioned demi-humans and demons separately but, I have. It may be a bit, but I have also experienced the battlefield." (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto easily affirms this.<br/>
"So Makoto-kun thinks of the demons as demi-humans. But I see, you have." (Hibiki)<br/>
"Receiving a terrible treatment, being directed murdering intent, being attacked; this world is seriously dangerous for one’s life." (Makoto)<br/>
(Demons and demi-humans are only one race huh. In the hyuman force, it is something that’s rarely heard. Even I unconsciously thought that the demons and the demi-humans were separate races until recently. In that case, in his eyes, he might be seeing the current war with the demons as a revolution from the oppressed class. That’s troublesome. Also, he easily admitted murder. If he learned of morals in Japan, no, if it’s a person that has learned in an advanced country, they should have strong opposition in taking the lives of others. That’s not something you do half-heartedly. There’s a large number of soldiers that choose to forsake their own lives because they are unable to kill others in the battlefield; this is something I read in the documents once. Being able to kill others, in a sense, being able to cross that line can be considered a special trait in itself. When I investigated, I learned that in the past the army had done trainings to numb that avoidance of them. And yet, me, Tomoki and him; all three of us were able to conquer that and have survived until now. Was it a coincidence?) (Hibiki)<br/>
"That’s true. I have killed a lot of demons in the battlefield, demi-humans that have pointed their blades at me, and…have killed a number of hyumans as well." (Hibiki)<br/>
"In my case, acquaintances of mine were killed by hyumans and that turned into my motive." (Makoto)<br/>
(A while after losing Naval, I was truly cornered mentally. Even if the other party is an enemy, the action of taking a life is definitely stressful. Especially when your heart is weakened. Right now I am already used to it, but how does Makoto-kun feel about it? From how Tomoki said it, I could feel that Tomoki was just acting tough. But at that rate, I think he has already turned deviant again. It seems like he obtained that power in the weird space before me after all.) (Hibiki)<br/>
"…No, at first I thought that this made me a murderer, and I was indeed troubled by it. It is certainly true that I took away the lives of many after that as well, but it was in a place where the other party was prepared for that to happen. And the other is in places like the wasteland where the survival of the fittest prospers." (Makoto)<br/>
Thinking about the savanna-like wasteland, Makoto makes a bitter smile.<br/>
But Hibiki opened her eyes wide at the words he said before that.<br/>
"What’s that about being prepared?" (Hibiki)<br/>
Her expression had returned to normal, but her voice was slightly shaky.<br/>
(What’s this…? There’s an incredible chill running through my back…) (Hibiki)<br/>
"If you are armed and fighting in the battlefield, that means they are prepared to take lives away and prepared for their lives to be taken, right? Moreover, even if it isn’t a battlefield, if they have experience in killing someone, they shouldn’t complain about being killed themselves. That’s the same for me and Senpai, and there’s no way in telling where hatred will be born. I know that my brain wouldn’t be able to estimate it anyways, so I have given up on that." (Makoto)<br/>
"…T-Then, the people that have resolved themselves to fight and have ended up killing someone, is Makoto-kun saying that you…wouldn’t hesitate in killing someone like that?" (Hibiki)<br/>
"That’s only if it’s necessary. People don’t kill just because they want to, you know?" (Makoto)<br/>
"..If that were the case, that person would end up as a simple murderer that repeatedly kills just for pleasure after all." (Hibiki)<br/>
(Makoto-kun…he is really answering indifferently as if it’s nothing. It is a calm attitude that’s unthinkable for it to be acting. This is bad…bad, bad, bad! He is within the people I think is dangerous, no, an existence even more dangerous than that. I don’t know why, but he still maintains his Japanese feel subconsciously, so there’s probably still room to deal with him. For this boy…just how light does he view a life?) (Hibiki)<br/>
"Something like a serial killer, that’s no joke." (Makoto)<br/>
"Lives are important, right? Because it is something that people only have once, it is an important and irreplaceable thing." (Hibiki)<br/>
"Yeah, everyone has only one in their possession. They only have one, and yet, why are there people that take it away or utilize it to fatten themselves? The people that become soldiers probably do it for things like protecting the things that are important for them, but even so, they live every single moment of their lives in full." (Makoto)<br/>
The sight of a serene and beautiful lake steadily began showing its appearance from within the gaps of the trees, and it would not be wrong to call it a picturesque scenery.<br/>
But within the head of Hibiki, she didn’t have any surplus to enjoy that.<br/>
Inside, she was wondering what she should do with Makoto, and wondering if he is a good person to talk about the topic she had planned.<br/>
Those were the things that were spiralling in her head.<br/>
Makoto noticed that the lake was beginning to show itself, and pointed at it as he tells Hibiki. Her response showed no spirit compared to the ones until now.<br/>
(Something that everyone naturally has, using it to fatten themselves? It is as if he is saying ‘you have only one, so you have to use it with care’, but it feels like he weighs it as much as a casino coin. How light. He views lives way too lightly. Even if Makoto-kun were to take away the lives of thousands or millions, if that’s a battlefield, he would think that the other party has given consent for their death. No, not only that. If my worst guess is right, this boy that’s talking to me right now has already committed mass murder. There’s the possibility that he has said this with this kind of mindset. <br/>
I don’t know why there’s so much difference in battle power between him and me, but right now, what’s more important is to place some sort of brake in him or it will be way too dangerous. What to do… What should I do? As I thought, the schedule of us coming here was way too soon. If I had heard what Chiya-chan saw of him, I might have been able to prepare a more detailed counter-plan. But in that case, Mio-san and Lime would move in the shadows, and he would have been able to come here alone. There’s a high chance that this opportunity of being alone with him would have been gone completely. <br/>
!!<br/>
Right, the reason why Mio-san was strangely cooperative was because…she wanted me to notice his power and how dangerous he is. And to make me understand what would happen if we were to get in the way of Makoto-kun and Kuzunoha Company, no matter if it’s a major power. <br/>
In basis, they would be able to utilize that long ranged attack to destroy towns one after the other, and supported with that supply line, they would crush the army with the monsters that are a match of thousands. With only the war potential that I have a grasp on, they are probably able to bring down even Limia. What an ambush I got…) (Hibiki)<br/>
"Looking at it, I can expect much of Meiris Lake. When the errand is over, can I get some time even if it’s only for a bit? I want to take my time checking it out." (Makoto)<br/>
"…Yeah." (Hibiki)<br/>
"Now that I think about it, that Lorel priestess, Chiya-san, was it? That girl, is she alright? I heard that she is down from a shock, and I have been bothered by it." (Makoto)<br/>
"…Is that….because she looked at you and fell?" (Hibiki)<br/>
"Uh, as I thought, it was really because of that? What was the reason for it? Honestly, I couldn’t tell why." (Makoto)<br/>
"That was…my doing. Didn’t you get a report from Lime about the power of the priestess? You seemed to know about the matter with the purple cloud after all." (Hibiki)<br/>
"The power of the priestess?" (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto tilts his head at the words of Hibiki.<br/>
About the eyes of the priestess, Lime had reported it to Tomoe, and Tomoe thought of several countermeasures with Shiki and Mio.<br/>
Just that it didn’t take actual shape, and in the end, Mio didn’t use any countermeasure at all when she faced the priestess.<br/>
Makoto doesn’t know anything about that.<br/>
Makoto did tell his followers to only report him things that are necessary, but they didn’t tell him all the information.<br/>
Because even if he were to be told that, he wouldn’t be able to process everything.<br/>
Just by listening and reading the reports, the day already passes.<br/>
Regarding the priestess’ eyes, they planned on telling him before going to Limia, but in the end, it slipped by.<br/>
They concluded that they would be leaving it to the countermeasure of the super confident Mio.<br/>
"Chiya-chan is able to look at that person’s essence, or more like, real nature. In other words, she obtained a demonic eye that can see through the self that the person himself doesn’t notice." (Hibiki) <br/>
"Is it like the mind’s eye?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Probably. And in truth, only she can use it, and she has finally grown capable of utilizing it on her own will, that’s why we returned to Limia. The other day, I told her to look at Mio and Makoto-kun with that eye of hers." (Hibiki)<br/>
"…That means, she saw something in Mio and got a shock, and when she saw something in me, she collapsed?" (Makoto)<br/>
"That would be the case. I still don’t know what she saw. I have done something bad to Chiya." (Hibiki)<br/>
(Even the chills and bad feeling I am getting are intense, so the thing that Chiya-chan saw might have been outrageous. But when she saw me, it seems like she saw my self shining. This ominousness I am feeling from Makoto-kun, just how was it reflected to Chiya-chan? That girl has amassed a good amount of experience, and she wouldn’t fall unconscious for most of anything.) (Hibiki)<br/>
"That’s information that makes me pretty depressed." (Makoto)<br/>
(Mind’s eye huh. I can’t say that it would bring real harm to me, so maybe that’s why Tomoe and the others didn’t notify me of it? And in truth, it was the other side that collapsed anyways.) (Makoto)<br/>
Without being agitated that much about not being told of the priestess’ eyes, Makoto just accepts it.<br/>
‘Things like true character and essence, wouldn’t getting those checked actually be something to be grateful about?’, is what he was thinking at most.<br/>
"When she wakes up, I will ask her about the image she saw of you, so if you want to know, I will tell you. You can probably learn something of yourself that you didn’t know of, you know?" (Hibiki)<br/>
"Is it okay to hear it? I actually have interest in it." (Makoto)<br/>
"It will depend on Chiya to see if you will be allowed to be present at that moment though. It would be troublesome if she were to collapse again after all." (Hibiki)<br/>
(Hiding or deceiving would be a bad move. It is not completely impossible, but he is not someone that I can have as my enemy. Even so, I can’t help being scared of having the current Makoto-kun as an ally. The best plan would be isolation. To create an environment that no one would be able to use him…) (Hibiki)<br/>
"…She went ‘kyaaa’ after all." (Makoto)<br/>
"In my eyes, you look like a normal young man though. Well, I do sympathize since that appearance is probably giving you a hard time in this word." (Hibiki)<br/>
(First, the most indispensable thing is to have him at arm’s reach, in a distance that the eye can catch. And then, I have to learn of what he treasures, what he wants to protect; I have to grasp that inclination of his. The war with the demon race is still in progress, and even if it reaches the point of post-war period, it is easy to see that the Empire’s Tomoki is going to go wild. Right now we have our hands full with the reconstruction of Limia’s capital, and cleaning the festers created, and yet, an unbelievable thing has come in front of me. He is practically a world destroying bomb like the ones that appear in low-budget SF movies. To overcome all this, I have to move now. Seriously, this world is really worth being in. Could it be, that Goddess is the God of trials or something?) (Hibiki)<br/>
"Hard time…I really did have a lot of those." (Makoto)<br/>
"About that, I would like to take some time and listen to it after we finish your errand here." (Hibiki)<br/>
At the field of vision that was cleared in a moment, the big lake that was visible reflected the sunlight, and it was simply beautiful.<br/>
In the path that Hibiki and Makoto passed through, there were a lot of corpses, but a spectacle that seemed like it was washing away that brutal reality was spread before their vision.<br/>
As Hibiki spoke with Makoto, her impression and evaluation of him had changed drastically.<br/>
When she arrived at the lake, what she was thinking was about the time when priestess Chiya would be waking up, a thinking that was really set foot into reality.<br/>
◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆<br/>
On the other hand, at that time, the priestess had woken up.<br/>
Still in her lying position, she only had her eyes opened without saying anything.<br/>
She was silently breathing.<br/>
(Mio-san is the spider. The Black Calamity Spider. I can’t believe it, but it is the truth. That person looked like the same giant black spider of that time. No, it wasn’t the same. There were two things that were different. The first thing were those eyes, in the past I could only see fiery instinct burning from those eyes, and yet, now they were incredibly calm and quiet. The other one was…a choker.) (Chiya)<br/>
Chiya was thinking.<br/>
About what she saw from the Kuzunoha Company when they arrived at Limia. <br/>
Lime who had come out first, was the same as before. <br/>
In a spectacle that looked like a diorama, there’s a large tree.<br/>
Looking at it calms her. In the images Chiya has seen, it is still top class.<br/>
The next one that appeared was the black haired woman, Mio. The moment Chiyo saw her, she almost unintentionally screamed.<br/>
A giant black spider appearing from the carriage.<br/>
It didn’t rampage in any way, and was simply smiling at Chiya who was looking at her.<br/>
Chiya placed a hand on her mouth, and was somehow able to hold down her voice, trying her best to be as calm as possible. <br/>
And then, she noticed.<br/>
Those eyes that were different from before, eyes that one could feel intelligence in, and that choker.<br/>
That choker had a chain attached to it.<br/>
At times, the spider showed loving gestures as she touched the choker and chain.<br/>
It didn’t seem to hate it.<br/>
And that chain stretched towards the inside of the carriage.<br/>
Kuzunoha Company’s representative, Raidou.<br/>
Finally, the concerned party had come out from the carriage.  <br/>
At first, Chiya was looking at Raidou’s figure without using the mind’s eye.<br/>
As a hyuman, it was an ugly appearance that’s normally not seen, but that’s all there was to it.<br/>
She was unable to perceive his magic power, so compared to Lime and Mio, one could tell at a glance that he was weaker.<br/>
It is said that he is a merchant, and it doesn’t seem like a specially strange person, is how Chiya felt.<br/>
And then, she looked at Raidou with her mind’s eye.<br/>
(He had a chain in hand. The chain that extended from the spider.) (Chiya)<br/>
He had a hyuman shape in complete smooth white like that of an egg.<br/>
It had a short build, and it looked like the silhouette of Raidou himself.<br/>
Until now, Chiya has seen a number of people looking like this.<br/>
There have been people that looked like they were made out of mud, and there were also people with a metallic tinge as well.<br/>
It is not a common case, so Chiya guessed that maybe it is an image that people, who are bound by something, share. <br/>
And the only thing they have in common is that they are hyuman shaped and traitless. <br/>
There were some who had long limbs, but that depended on the person, and Chiya herself still doesn’t understand what it means. <br/>
This is something that’s brought by her lack of experience, and it can’t be helped.<br/>
In the image of Raidou, there was a big and incredibly beautiful bow in his left hand.<br/>
And in his right hand, there were three chains.<br/>
One of the chains extended towards the spider, and the remaining two stretched towards the distance.<br/>
(The meaning of those chains is probably that of control, or servitude. The bow is the weapon he uses. Just that, it was incredibly beautiful and it looked like he was holding it preciously, so it probably doesn’t amount to only that.) (Chiya)<br/>
At first, Chiya was able to observe the image of Raidou with composure.<br/>
Things like the chains, the bow, and that white; she was able to think of their meaning.<br/>
Until she noticed something, that is.<br/>
She remembers that it was somewhere around his neck. <br/>
Just trying to search for that memory was making her whole body shiver.<br/>
But Chiya closed her eyes once, and opened them as if she had prepared herself. The trembling in her body stopped, and she faced that memory.<br/>
She didn’t want to repeat her failure.<br/>
(Right, if I remember correctly, it was at his neck. At only that one part, the smooth surface was cracked, and the very center of it was dark. I thought it was a small stain, but it wasn’t. It was hollow.) (Chiya)<br/>
At that time, Chiya strained her eyes and tried to look inside that darkness. <br/>
And then, she saw it. <Staring back at her.><br/>
(Something was there. Was there? Is there? I don’t know. But those eyes, they were only looking at me, and yet, my head was inundated by several images of death. It was as if I was being killed over and over. This is only my hunch but, I think that’s not a living thing. It is something that shouldn’t have eyes to begin with. And that something is looking at the outside from within him. With great interest, it looks around restlessly.) (Chiya)<br/>
Chiya who was facing the eyes that were peeking from the crack of the image, had fear grabbing a tight hold of her body, and just as her emotions told, she screamed.<br/>
Even if she screams, he won’t disappear, and it won’t solve anything.<br/>
She knew that, but even so, Chiya had no other choice but to scream.<br/>
When confusion and fear fill up one’s head, they turn that way, is what Chiya thought as she looks back at her disgraceful behavior. <br/>
In all of her life until now, she hasn’t experienced something like this.<br/>
Chiya didn’t have the confidence to stay calm if she were to meet Raidou and Mio again.<br/>
(A person that has something like that within himself, is able to control that black spider. Sairitz said that he is the same Wise like Onee-chan, so she wanted him to visit Lorel, but that’s not good, that person is a no. I don’t know what those other chains are connected to either.) (Chiya)<br/>
The demon race and the Demon Lord are enemies that Chiya can still understand.<br/>
The fight against the demi-humans and mamonos that oppose hyumans as well.<br/>
Currently, Chiya, for the first time in her life, couldn’t understand the foundation of something, and was being enveloped by a giant uneasiness she doesn’t know what to do about.<br/>
The reason was obviously Raidou. <br/>
(What is the Kuzunoha Company? It is definitely not a simple store…) (Chiya)<br/>
While knowing that she definitely had to report about what she saw, Chiya was still unable to leave her bed.<br/>
Just that, her impression of Raidou who she hasn’t exchanged a single word yet, was now the worst.<br/>
◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆<br/>
"Hm…Senpai, over here." (Makoto)<br/>
"Makoto-kun, this is your first time coming here, right?" (Hibiki)<br/>
"Yes." (Makoto)<br/>
"Why can you tell it is there? You don’t have a map, right?" (Hibiki)<br/>
"That’s because I was told the location of the person that will be guiding us in this lake." (Makoto)<br/>
"Hmph~, I see." (Hibiki)<br/>
Makoto and Hibiki walk through the lake shore.<br/>
Makoto was walking without any hesitation and Hibiki asked for the reason of it.<br/>
Half of Makoto’s answer was a lie.<br/>
It is true that he heard a guide would be waiting around the lake, but Makoto was actually using [Sakai] to pinpoint that person’s location.<br/>
Right now he is not using his Magic Armor, and was only using [Sakai] to investigate the surroundings.<br/>
(Thinking about the place we will be going now, I think it would be better not to use Materia Prima. But when you abbreviate Materia Prima it turns out as MP, that literally translates to magic points. And it can also be reversed to turn in PM. Maybe Root doesn’t have naming sense. Well, it is not something I can say though.) (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto was completely in sightseeing mode.<br/>
On the other hand, Hibiki was in quite a tense state.<br/>
There’s the fact that she is thinking of a countermeasure for Makoto, but if it were only that, it would still be within her permissible range.<br/>
That she is currently losing that surplus she normally leaves was because she was cautious of the encounter between a certain existence in the Meiris Lake with Makoto. <br/>
Hibiki has been notified that this place is the territory of the Superior Dragon with the alias ‘Waterfall’.<br/>
Hibiki who had previous experience in encountering Lancer, had more knowledge of a Superior Dragon than normal people.<br/>
She hasn’t met one directly, but it is a dragon that even has a regional religion.<br/>
She understood that it isn’t an existence that can be carelessly touched.<br/>
(I have never met the Waterfall dragon, but there’s no doubt that it is that dragon that is maintaining the control of Meiris Lake and its surroundings. The reason that faith is directed at it is more because of the gratitude for the blessings it has given than its power. The mamonos don’t come out from the forest around the lake and they don’t try to increase their turf. It’s no mistake that this unnatural situation is related to the dragon. And in truth, the water that this lake has, has benefited in the expansion of the greenery. Hunters have been coming and going to the outer circumference of this forest, and in the several rivers that this lake has created, towns have prospered. In other words, the Waterfall dragon is a dragon that can coexist with hyumans. In that case, it is better to avoid unnecessary dispute. I can’t have it die by the hands of Makoto-kun.) (Hibiki)<br/>
For Hibiki, Makoto had already become an existence that can defeat Superior Dragons.<br/>
No, he had already become an existence that surpasses the Waterfall dragon.<br/>
This is one of the many possibilities that Hibiki has created in order to grasp the background of Makoto.<br/>
Right now, Hibiki saw Makoto as a dangerous being that has a ‘Don’t touch, dangerous’ sign with skulls all over the place. <br/>
"Ah, there it is." (Makoto)<br/>
"Eh?" (Hibiki)<br/>
Being told that, Hibiki looks at the place that Makoto pointed.<br/>
At the faraway waterside, there’s certainly something visible.<br/>
"It is that person, the guide. Just in case, I will ask if it’s okay for Senpai to accompany me further." (Makoto)<br/>
"Hey, Makoto-kun. I am sorry for saying something that’s probably obvious but, there’s someone here in this lake that’s like a chief, and it is like a water god of sorts." (Hibiki)<br/>
"A water god huh. Nice way of putting it. It is true that it might fit Orient dragons." (Makoto)<br/>
"…You know that something is in Meiris Lake, right?" (Hibiki)<br/>
"That there’s something, you say… Well, yeah. I do know the basic knowledge of the place I am going. This place is the territory of the Waterfall Superior Dragon, right?" (Makoto)<br/>
"…That’s something that’s not made public though. It is only being passed as a legend in the villages close to here and the towns that are at the river basins." (Hibiki)<br/>
Hibiki herself had heard this directly from the royal family, so learning that it was being passed down as a legend was something that happened after.<br/>
Just that, the way Makoto spoke so confidently that there’s a Superior Dragon called Waterfall in this Meiris Lake was bothering her.<br/>
"I heard that from the person that requested this delivery." (Makoto)<br/>
"By the way, can you tell me of that requester? I am a Japanese person and a hero, but it is also true that I am associated with Limia Kingdom. I can’t have you making problems with a Superior Dragon." (Hibiki)<br/>
"…About the requester, please let me ask the person himself in another day. It is a job, so I think it is best to not say anything I don’t know if it’s okay to say. But it isn’t a business that will cause any problems with the Waterfall dragon, so it is safe." (Makoto)<br/>
"Understood. I will trust Makoto-kun." (Hibiki)<br/>
(It seems like he at least has a sense of responsibility in the job he has accepted. Just that, uhm, the one that Makoto-kun pointed out as someone…isn’t it a mamono? In that case, it should be appropriate to think that it is not a request from the Adventurer Guild. Just what is he giving to who?) (Hibiki)<br/>
As she guessed, in the place that the two have arrived at, there wasn’t a hyuman, but a mamono.<br/>
Hibiki could feel that it was a mamono that was within the strong kinds, and that mamono was approaching them without showing any kind of hostility as it made contact with them.<br/>
For a hero that has only been fighting the mamonos, this was a bothering reaction.<br/>
"Greetings. You have received word of me, right? I am the one that came with the delivery, name’s Raidou." (Makoto)<br/>
The mamono nods.<br/>
(Words are working? Is that an ability of Makoto-kun?) (Hibiki)<br/>
In Hibiki’s ears, Makoto’s words were heard as japanese. <br/>
But those are not words that work on mamonos.<br/>
And yet, it seemed like Makoto’s words got through the mamono, and Hibiki guessed that maybe Makoto used some sort of ability. <br/>
"Yes, that’s right. I have it here. Also, if it’s okay, the Limia Kingdom’s hero Hibiki-san seems to want to go as well. Is that okay?" (Makoto)<br/>
"…"<br/>
(He is having a conversation, right? In my eyes, it only looks like a lump of gel, the size of a hyuman, trembling. Thought transmission? But Makoto-kun is speaking normally.) (Hibiki)<br/>
"Thank you very much. Eh, here and now? Understood." (Makoto)<br/>
In the time that Hibiki was thinking about a lot of things, the conversation seemed to have reached a conclusion. Makoto gave his thanks and then, it seems like it requested something, he took the bag at his shoulder and opened it.<br/>
What appeared was a big egg.<br/>
Hibiki thought it was a spherical object, but it was something that surpassed Hibiki’s expectations.<br/>
"…Makoto-kun, what’s that? I can tell it is an egg by looking at it though." (Hibiki)<br/>
Hibiki felt that if she asked just like that, she would only get a response that it is an egg, so by taking into account the response he might give, she asks for a deeper explanation.<br/>
It was a pretty big egg.<br/>
At the very least, it is an egg Hibiki has never seen before.<br/>
"It is rare to see one of this, right? It is a dragon egg." (Makoto)<br/>
"DRAGON?!" (Hibiki)<br/>
Her words unintentionally came out strong.<br/>
The Meiris Lake is the territory of a Superior Dragon.<br/>
And at a place like that, they are having a conversation about a dragon egg.<br/>
It could become a delicate problem in an instant if not handled properly. Hibiki got agitated.<br/>
"Yes, it is the egg of the Waterfall dragon. I am kind of helping it return home." (Makoto)<br/>
"Water-fall?!" (Hibiki)<br/>
"Senpai? As expected, you got surprised?" (Makoto)<br/>
Hibiki lets out incomprehensible words without caring about the eyes of others, something unusual from her. <br/>
Makoto talks with fun as if he had heard a joke.<br/>
For Hibiki, it was not the time to be surprised. <br/>
If Hibiki was really trying to let loose or make a joke to entertain, she probably would be showing more composure than this.<br/>
"Why do you have something like that when you were supposed to be in Rotsgard?" (Hibiki)<br/>
Controlling her breathing that was about to turn disordered, Hibiki was somehow able to continue her words.<br/>
"That was uhm, there were a lot of things going on." (Makoto)<br/>
"…You said that this is the egg of Waterfall. In that case, it will become the child of Waterfall, right? Could it be, there was an idiot who would steal the egg of a Superior Dragon?!" (Hibiki)<br/>
"Eh, ah. When I said it was the egg of Waterfall, I didn’t mean it in that way. This is Waterfall itself. A lot happened a time ago you see." (Makoto)<br/>
"Waterfall itself?! Hey now, Makoto-kun, this isn’t a matter that can be wrapped up by just saying ‘a lot happened’, you know? Waterfall is the dragon that lives in the territory of Limia. I am not totally unrelated to this." (Hibiki)<br/>
"Well, that is…if I don’t ask the people here, I can’t say much either. Eh? Wait?" (Makoto)<br/>
Hibiki seeks an explanation.<br/>
Makoto was wondering how he would tell her, and looked at the direction of the gel.<br/>
In that place, there was the appearance of the gel that had changed a part of itself into a hammer.<br/>
It seems to be an action that it was doing after telling Makoto, but it seems like Makoto himself couldn’t understand what it was doing.<br/>
And then, the gel swung down that hammer.<br/>
The hammer arm of the gel hits the egg as if it was natural.<br/>
And obviously, a big crack appeared on the egg.<br/>
Actually, it should be surprising that it wasn’t smashed completely.<br/>
"Safe. Or more like, it is unexpectedly tough." <br/>
"Wait—" <br/>
Makoto and Hibiki were looking at it dumbfounded.<br/>
The gel didn’t do more than that, and was standing before the egg.<br/>
A silence ruled the space, and within that silence, the sound of something hitting could be heard.<br/>
Hibiki noticed that the sound came from inside the egg.<br/>
"This is a joke, right? Are you telling me that it will be born here and now?" (Hibiki)<br/>
"Ah, so that just now was to assist on the hatching huh." (Makoto)<br/>
Because of the situation, the composure of Makoto and Hibiki did a complete reversal.<br/>
They watched attentively just like that.<br/>
Finally, with the crack as the center, the thick shell was lifted up.<br/>
As it was lifted up, the head peeks out like a chick. <br/>
The head of the dragon comes out from the egg.<br/>
( Just what in the world happened for a Superior Dragon to suddenly hatch. Makoto-kun doesn’t seem to be that agitated. Are you telling me that this unprecedented event is a normal occurrence in his everyday life?) (Hibiki)<br/>
(…It is a western style one huh. It is a dragon that has taken a lake as its territory, and is specialized in the water element that is the best at healing, so I was expecting a snake-shaped one though. Is Tomoe the only one that was a snake-shaped dragon? Uwa, even though it hatched just now, the way it is breaking the shell is not cute at all.) (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto who was expecting a snake-shaped dragon, saw the head and claws of the dragon, and sees that its silhouette was similar to how the western dragons are depicted, and made a tensionless impression. <br/>
The gestures of shaking its head and body to shake the shell off was something that he was expecting, but even though Waterfall was the size of an arm, it was using its claws to break the shell in an incredibly composed manner and coming out from it. <br/>
The light in its eyes was not that of innocence or purity, but the eyes that would make one thing are those of an adult.<br/>
After Waterfall calmly left from its shell, it begins drawing something in the air with its small legs. In just a few moments after hatching, it was able to exercise magic.<br/>
The surrounding egg shells quickly froze, turned into dust, and disappeared.<br/>
(So it even does the cleaning itself.) (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto was thinking that this dragon kid was seriously not cute.<br/>
Waterfall was moving its head to the sides several times as if confirming its state, and it first looks at the mamono.<br/>
"You have protected this place well in my absence. It seems like I will have to increase the number of you guys in the future." <br/>
From the mouth of the dragon, fluent common language came out.<br/>
(It is even able to talk as soon as it was born. Couldn’t it have just come back here on its own? I didn’t hear anything about them being like this the very moment they are born. That damn Root… Gel-san is happy here, so well, that’s fine.) (Makoto)<br/>
Leaving aside the discontent of Makoto, the Gel was trembling more than any moment before, and inside the transparent body of it that doesn’t have that much temperature, a number of bubbles were appearing.<br/>
And then, Waterfall faces Makoto and Hibiki.<br/>
Makoto who has a good amount of Superior Dragon acquaintances like Root and Tomoe, was the same as always; on the other hand, Hibiki’s body was stiff.<br/>
For Hibiki, this is the first time that she has properly met with a Superior Dragon.<br/>
At that time with Lancer, it was a fight, and the one who did most of the fighting was actually Shiki.<br/>
It could be said that this is the first time that Hibiki can talk to a Superior Dragon.<br/>
"…Raidou, I am impressed that you accepted the request of that free-spirited and troublesome person. I give you my gratitude for returning me to Meiris Lake." (Waterfall)<br/>
"No problem." (Makoto)<br/>
"I want to have a good talk with you later so, can I have your accompany for a little bit longer?" (Waterfall)<br/>
"As long as I am able to return by today, there’s no problem. Right, Senpai?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Ah, yeah, it is okay, Waterfall…-sama." (Hibiki)<br/>
"Fufufu, I don’t mind you not using -sama, you know? Limia’s hero, Hibiki. Leaving aside if it was actually necessary, I give you my gratitude for guarding Raidou all the way here. I also give my gratitude to the Limia royalty that has been abiding to the contract until now. As a show of my gratitude, I will invite you to my dwelling along with Raidou. It’s been awhile since I have invited people though." (Waterfall)<br/>
"Thank you very much." (Hibiki)<br/>
(What a wise dragon it is. It seems like there’s complicated circumstances, but I have nothing to lose in being able to hear the conversation if only for a bit. Also…it seems like Waterfall thinks something of Makoto-kun too. I stuttered though.) (Hibiki)<br/>
"Well then, I am counting on you. Raidou, Hibiki, please just keep a tranquil heart as you are." (Waterfall)<br/>
Waterfall sends a gaze to the Gel.<br/>
As if answering that gaze, the Gel inflates its body largely, and expands itself.<br/>
Its body opens up as if it were opening its mouth, and after wrapping up Waterfall, Makoto and Hibiki, it dives into the lake just like that.<br/>
"In the space between the lake and land, there’s an area where I live in. We will be arriving soon, so please enjoy the scenery underwater as we wait." (Waterfall)<br/>
The body of the Gel was muddy, but it turned transparent and was made possible to look outside. <br/>
A 360° scenery that felt like one of those aquariums, had spread in their view.<br/>
(Not the space between the land and sea, but the space between land and lake, huh. Aah, it is great that I had my Magic Armor off. I would have troubled Gel-san when it was wrapping us after all.) (Makoto)<br/>
(Calmly, and maintaining one’s spirit constantly cold, you look at the situation. No matter how harsh it is, if you don’t have this margin in mind as you act, you won’t be able to reach the best result. Having a margin is not leeway, but an insurance line. Don’t get impatient. Even if this can affect the current war and what happens after. Even if I am unable to obtain the best result, I won’t give up on obtaining the better result. That’s my current duty.) (Hibiki)<br/>
The day in Meiris Lake continues.<br/>
◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆<br/>
The capital Asuta.<br/>
Its reconstruction was not looking good.<br/>
The royal family’s riches, the noble’s riches, the hard work of the knights and the residents.<br/>
Even when they are using their investments in an adequate manner, they are being hindered by the season, and it wasn’t proceeding as they thought.<br/>
If the capital had been destroyed to the point of becoming an empty lot, it would have probably made the reconstruction faster.<br/>
However, there’s a great number of rubble and gouged paths, and to begin the actual reconstruction, they have to deal with that first.<br/>
Moreover, in this world, there’s the existence of mamonos and it is war time as well, so they had to work in the outer walls first. <br/>
Compared to normal towns, it is a pretty fast pace, but in this case with the capital, there was a town that was doing a miracle-like reconstruction at that same period.<br/>
Academy Town, Rotsgard.<br/>
The scale of Rotsgard Academy and the capital are around the same.<br/>
The two were similar in the part that they possessed satellite towns. <br/>
But the reconstruction speed of Rotsgard after being destroyed was absurd.<br/>
Even though the disaster occurred at the same time, the information of Rotsgard had reached the ears of Asuta as well, and because of their absurd speed in it, the residents and nobles that live in the capital were suspecting that maybe there’s some sort of problem in the reconstruction at the capital’s side.<br/>
In the end, the Limia royal family requested a reconstruction cooperation of Rotsgard.<br/>
It is well known that the reconstruction of Rotsgard has a high number of students and magicians working in it, and Hibiki who considered that they should take the same method, stood as a messenger and requested for help.<br/>
After less than a few months, the plans will probably differ, but the many students and magicians will probably participate in the reconstruction of the capital.<br/>
The fact that they have requested for cooperation was at the same time proof that Rotsgard didn’t need that many magicians anymore, and was also showing that it is already returning to its former shape.<br/>
In just a few months, a prominent town had climbed up from a disaster, and recovering.<br/>
There’s no doubt that the revival of Rotsgard will be spoken of for a long time to come.  <br/>
"They are taking their sweet time here." <br/>
"Rotsgard is just way too fast. It is also because our place is helping out, but that place is a treasure trove of magicians. I think it was a miracle result that was brought out by the good combination of people commanding and people executing." <br/>
"Also, they have the chance to remake it, so they should have made the outer walls at a more distant location, and increase the scale of the inside. Are there no people here that can use their head?" <br/>
"…Nee-san, an outer wall is the lifeline of a town. Just rebuilding it is already a high priority task. It seems like this time the foundation was fortunately okay, so it was judged that it would be plenty enough to rebuild as it is." (Lime)<br/>
"…Ah, so that’s why they didn’t move it one inch huh. Even though they should know that they are in a location where they will constantly face the meddling of demons." (Mio)<br/>
"It seems like Hibiki and a number of nobles were contemplating on moving it, but in this situation, it is impossible. If they were to force it, by the time they finish the new capital, who knows how many of the inhabitants would be left." (Lime)<br/>
Being guided through Asuta and seeing the slow reconstruction state, Mio gave an honest advice.<br/>
Lime gave a follow-up by saying that in a realistic point of view, Asuta is actually doing a good job, but Mio’s expression didn’t seem to show a single shred of consenting to that.<br/>
He was also being careful about the second prince who is silently guiding them to the next location.<br/>
Because the words of Mio were definitely heard by him.<br/>
No matter if they were told there’s no need to worry about formalities, Lime is not the type who would take those words for granted.<br/>
While feeling chills that maybe Mio was trying to buy a fight with Joshua, Lime was moving about in confusion between those two.<br/>
"Mio-dono and Lime-dono seem to have seen the miracle town Rotsgard, so I think it is a plausible opinion. The current situation of the capital is a problem that is hurting our heads, and it is the truth that we are hurrying because of our feelings that we should finish it as fast as possible. The proposal of Hibiki about moving  the capital was something that has to be considered, but in the current state, regaining the functions of the capital and the towns, as well as the livelihood of the people was of higher priority, so at this time, we couldn’t do it." (Joshua) <br/>
"How leisure. I wonder if you will be able to finish while it is still winter." (Mio)<br/>
Normally, a city wouldn’t be able to recover so fast.<br/>
It is something that has to be planned for at least a few years.<br/>
"We have to at least arrange the looks, no matter what. Ah, you two, it is here. From here, we can climb up on top of the outer walls. I think you will be able to see a different form of the capital from here compared to the castle." (Joshua)<br/>
Just as Joshua said, a part of the outer walls had something similar to a cabin constructed, and from there, a long flight of stairs stretched up. <br/>
The three went to the top of the outer wall, and have an unobstructed view of the capital’s interior and outside.<br/>
"This is… The talk was that people will be coming from Rotsgard, but even so, looking like this, I think it will be taking around half a year before it takes proper form." (Lime)<br/>
"As expected of Lime-dono, a splendid diagnosis. The result of our discussion about the assistance of Rotsgard, was that it would take around that time. Hibiki said that there’s still room to make it faster though." (Joshua)<br/>
"By that time, the demon race will be attacking already-desu wa. The logic that the enemy won’t attack because you are in the middle of recovering is not possible." (Mio)<br/>
(Mio-neesan. We should stop this topic soon. This is a problem of Limia, and help from Rotsgard will be coming. Even if we stick our head into this matter, well, I don’t think it will show a good result. Boss didn’t tell us anything either so…) (Lime)<br/>
(…Lime, are you looking to be peeled too?) (Mio)<br/>
(Peeling?!) (Lime)<br/>
(In the first place, just how much do you think Waka-sama has helped in that Rotsgard reconstruction? And in truth, what’s most important is to have them understand that very point. Be silent.) (Mio)<br/>
(No well, uhm…) (Lime)<br/>
(Be silent, okay? I will properly talk to Waka-sama later. It’s okay to just match what I say.) (Mio)<br/>
(…Understood-ssu.) (Lime)<br/>
Unable to stay silent, Lime send a thought transmission to Mio.<br/>
But he ended up being shut out himself and curling his tail.<br/>
In the first place, the standing and power of Lime and Mio are way too different.<br/>
Travelling together with Mio was impossible for Lime.<br/>
It could be said that the most he could do was change the direction slightly.<br/>
"Well then, does the Kuzunoha Company have a good idea?" (Joshua)<br/>
Joshua asks for a suggestion from Mio.<br/>
Those words were a given.<br/>
"Of course. If you want to, I can show you a bit of it right now." (Mio)<br/>
With a smile, she answers prince Joshua as if nothing.<br/>
Seeing this, Lime had his usual expression, but internally, he was rolling around in suffering.<br/>
(Uaaah! It is happening again! It is that same smile! Boss, please return quick! This is impossible, with only me, this is definitely impossible-ssu!!) (Lime)<br/>
Lime didn’t know what she intended to do.<br/>
Just that…he was sure that she was going to do something. <br/>
It hurt.<br/>
Lime’s stomach was hurting.<br/>
"Go ahead please." (Joshua)<br/>
With slightly sharp eyes, Joshua said these short words.<br/>
"Okay. Ah right, prince Joshua, that section there has a lot of rubble, right? It looks like you haven’t worked on that part yet." (Mio)<br/>
"We haven’t been able to work on that section yet. The part that can be seen at the other side as well, and the part at the left side too. We haven’t been able to clear away the rubble yet." (Joshua)<br/>
"Are there people there?" (Mio)<br/>
"The entrance is currently prohibited." (Joshua)<br/>
"Then, is it okay to use magic?" (Mio)<br/>
"…Go ahead." (Joshua)<br/>
"Fufufu~." (Mio)<br/>
Mio didn’t say anything.<br/>
She took out her folding fan from her bosom, and pointed it towards the place that is still filled in rubble. <br/>
Prince Joshua looked carefully at Mio’s appearance and the rubble alternately.<br/>
Lime was already looking at some place faraway from the rubble and letting out a dry laugh.<br/>
"I will be doing it-desu wa." (Mio)<br/>
"?!!" <br/>
The short words of Mio.<br/>
At the place where the folding fan was pointing, in an instant, a dark swirl appeared at the ground and everything was gone.<br/>
Being swallowed by the dark swirl, the earth and sand, along with the rubble, had disappeared completely.<br/>
Prince Joshua places his right hand at his mouth.<br/>
One could easily tell that he was showing surprise.<br/>
(She did it. She ended up doing it, Boss… Now, they probably know that the Rotsgard reconstruction speed had something to do with us as well. It is true that it is the place that Boss is living in, and we haven’t done much in keeping it a secret, but…I thought that it would have been better to keep it hidden-ssu. Mio-neesan is planning to destroy it, a lot of things.) (Lime)<br/>
Lime felt that something else was coming out aside from his long sigh, and the cries of his heart resounded pitifully.<br/>
"Also, you said that side over there and the left side was the same, right? Then…" (Mio)<br/>
Mio continued onto the other two parts, and erases the rubble.<br/>
Even though there were priorities to take care of first, the terrible spectacle that had been left like that for several months, had disappeared in an instant.<br/>
"Just what kind of magic can do something like this? Was there a spell like that in the dark element? Also, what’s swallowed there…where does it go?" (Joshua)<br/>
While looking at the place that had become a completely empty plot of land, Joshua mutters to no one in particular.<br/>
"I will be taking it out after this-desu wa. It is okay to let it out anywhere outside the outer walls, right?" (Mio)<br/>
Mio answers the mutters of Joshua that were not directed at anyone.<br/>
"Ah, yeah…I want you to avoid doing that where the camps are though." (Joshua)<br/>
Joshua who had lost his courteous way of speaking towards the Kuzunoha Company, had answered Mio as if she were the supervisor of a construction work.<br/>
Just that, from the relationship between Joshua and Mio, this way of speaking is no problem at all.<br/>
Actually, it could be said that until now, he had been way too courteous.<br/>
"So you don’t mind. Then, at that part-desu wa ne." (Mio)<br/>
Mio didn’t show much interest in the change of the prince, and continued speaking.<br/>
There’s also the point that she didn’t care about the attitude of the prince as she acted though.<br/>
Pointing the folding fan to the outsides of the capital, a dark swirl was created.<br/>
In a distant place, rubble, earth, and sand came out one after the other from the dark swirl and as it fell, it made the ground tremble and did a dull sound. It even reached the ears of the three who were at the outer walls.<br/>
"What a powerful magic." (Joshua)<br/>
"Powerful? Something of this level, I can do it hundreds of times-desu wa. The rubble and scraps of wood in this place, I would be able to throw it outside in one day if I wanted to. Lime, with this, how much did it shorten the reconstruction time?" (Mio)<br/>
"…Right, let’s see-ssu. It probably reduced 2 months of work-ssu." (Lime)<br/>
"Ara ara, how simple." (Mio)<br/>
"Mio-dono, then can you please lend us that power of yours? What you are trying to say is that you will be helping us in the reconstruction of this capital?" (Joshua)<br/>
"I will confirm with Waka-sama once he returns, but if it’s just for one day, there’s no problem-desu wa. Waka-sama is not here and I don’t have anything to do anyways." (Mio)<br/>
"‘Just for this one day’, what great words! Of course, I will be giving a proper compensation. I will bring the one in charge right this instant, so please, do lend us your strength!" (Joshua)<br/>
"I don’t care about the one in charge, but prince, the condition is that you will be there as well. You will be witnessing what the Kuzunoha Company’s Mio will be doing." (Mio)<br/>
"If my presence is enough, I will engrave it in my eyes." (Joshua)<br/>
The sun was still high up.<br/>
It seems like the day of Mio and Lime who were suddenly assisting in the reconstruction work, was still long to be over.<br/>
<br/>
The chapter was pretty long, so I won’t be able to make it for tomorrow.<br/>
 Just consider this chapter as two. Teehee 😛 *sparkle*<br/>
Previous Chapter  l  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
February 20, 2017February 24, 2017 ReigokaiTsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Douchuu <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
