<br/>
Sponsored Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Conclusion.<br/>
With a child added to the group, the seductiveness of the bath is blown away.<br/>
It seems like a child has far more destructive power than mixed bathing.<br/>
Thanks to it, I didn’t end up getting dizzy, and was able to safely finish bathing.<br/>
…Just that, even if I was only able to maintain a bit more composure, because of it, I ended up seeing a lot more things.<br/>
As I thought, they do float.<br/>
Yeah, the two are incredible.<br/>
I simply thought that it was pretty impressive, but that’s not the reason why I am lying down this late at night without being able to sleep.<br/>
Normally, this would be a time when I would be sleeping already, and yet, I still have my eyes open. There’s two reasons for this, but in essence, there’s only one.<br/>
First, because of the identity of Iroha-chan that Tomoe told us after Iroha-chan had gone to sleep.<br/>
And the second, the follow-up of her bodyguards.<br/>
"That girl is the princess of the influential military family, Osakabe from Kannaoi." (Tomoe)<br/>
I did expect it, but it was exactly as I thought.<br/>
The aged man, his name was Shougetsu, right?<br/>
He also said something about Kannaoi, and I got cold sweat just thinking about how we may have done something incorregible the very first day we entered Mizuha.<br/>
"But she isn’t a princess with that much power. The Osakabe is a big household, so it seems like there’s a lot of princesses and princes." (Tomoe)<br/>
But it seems like we are somewhat safe in that part.<br/>
If there’s a lot of them and it isn’t as if she has much power, there’s still plenty room to redeem it.<br/>
And so, for the sake of that, we will have to keep Iroha-chan’s mood from being harmed, and we also have to properly talk with her bodyguards.<br/>
It looks like she is attached to Tomoe, so the former one seems to be okay, that’s why, what’s next is to have a talk with Shougetsu-san and the others.<br/>
The promissory note of Sairitz-san can serve as proof for our identities.<br/>
Leaving aside the relationship between families, I think I can expect some effectivity.<br/>
It is fine as long as it serves as the impetus for a conversation.<br/>
Also, it seems like Iroha-chan herself doesn’t know, but Sairitz-san has probably told the influential families about the Kuzunoha company and about Raidou as well.<br/>
Based on her personality, she wouldn’t let me inside the country without doing at least this much.<br/>
I am sorry for Tomoe, but it would be a bit hard for me to play as Koumon-sama while carrying a bomb.<br/>
Maybe we should quickly find those guys and finish the talk with them.<br/>
"…As expected, you will be going?" (Tomoe)<br/>
"You were awake huh." (Makoto)<br/>
"I am paying attention to the surroundings. If they attack this place, I was thinking about playing around with them." (Tomoe)<br/>
"There’s some in our vicinity huh." (Makoto)<br/>
"She is their princess after all. They most likely investigated desperately. Hm?" (Tomoe)<br/>
"Eh?" (Makoto)<br/>
Seems like Tomoe noticed something, her gaze turns to the side.<br/>
Geh, are they attacking?<br/>
We were one step too late huh.<br/>
"Waka, that." (Tomoe)<br/>
"…The katana of Iroha-chan? For a sword that a child has in her possession, it even has magic power clad in it though." (Makoto)<br/>
It is glowing.<br/>
Well even if I say so, it is only a bit that’s leaking out from the scabbard.<br/>
That hue was gentle, it reminded me of the light of fireflies.<br/>
When she was swinging it around, it was also glowing, but for what purpose?<br/>
"It doesn’t seem like it is doing anything bad, but want to try unsheathing it?" (Tomoe)<br/>
"Don’t wake up Mio and Iroha-chan, okay?" (Makoto)<br/>
"I know." (Tomoe)<br/>
Tomoe unsheathes the katana without any restraint.  <br/>
It seems like it is not the type that can’t be unsheathed unless it is the owner.<br/>
Hmph~.<br/>
The edge part is letting out a faint light from here and there as it coils around it.<br/>
It doesn’t seem like the katana itself is glowing.<br/>
It is as if a lot of small grains of light were overlapping together…?!!!<br/>
"What could this be? The magic power it is letting off is so feeble that I just can’t grasp it… I can understand that this is not a katana that’s oriented for battle, but…it is well-made for an artistic good." (Tomoe)<br/>
"Tomoe, about the place where the light is strong…" (Makoto)<br/>
"Yes?" <br/>
"Isn’t the edge chipped?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Edge chipped? Oh, now that you mention it, there’s a small chip." (Tomoe)<br/>
…<br/>
I think it is different from what I am thinking.<br/>
Someone who knew about the original one, made a replica of it.<br/>
That’s definitely the case.<br/>
In the first place, there’s no way it would exist in this world, and it wouldn’t be the size of a short sword and used as a katana to protect a kid.<br/>
It was my misunderstanding.<br/>
"I see. Well…put it away." (Makoto)<br/>
"As you will." (Tomoe)<br/>
Seeing my state, Tomoe tilts her head and nods.<br/>
"Anyways, I will be going." (Makoto)<br/>
"In my opinion, I would prefer to stay like this until Beren and the others join us though…" (Tomoe)<br/>
"Nope. I will be going." (Makoto)<br/>
"If Waka says so, it can’t be helped. Do your best in filling that crack." (Tomoe)<br/>
"We don’t know what might occur from now on, you know. It is best to not increase the trouble pointlessly." (Makoto)<br/>
"Is that so. As you will. Lorel seems to be a country that’s more fun than I thought it would be, so I will step back from this one." (Tomoe)<br/>
"Yeah yeah." (Makoto)<br/>
We still have the labyrinth waiting for us.<br/>
Also *Futsu*. <Many suggest that this might be a Futsu-no-Mitama reference, so I will leave it there until identity is clarified(which might never happen)><br/>
In Lorel, there’s quite a lot of people that know about it.<br/>
Even though it was a dragon that I didn’t hear at all of in Rotsgard.<br/>
I can’t tell at all what kind of existence it is.<br/>
I haven’t even heard that name from Root before.<br/>
But well, I don’t want to go through the trouble of going back to ask him.<br/>
There’s plenty enough time in the moments I have classes at the Academy.<br/>
Right now, what’s most important is Shougetsu-san.<br/>
From what Tomoe said, they are close to the inn, so everyone should be alright.<br/>
If I leave the inn alone, it is almost certain that they will make contact with me.<br/>
At this occasion,  it can’t be helped if I end up being attacked.<br/>
It is the usual.<br/>
◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆<br/>
For example; if in a fishing game, there’s a bait called ‘Misumi Makoto’, its rarity would be the highest.<br/>
They would all bite and the bait would be worn out.<br/>
If there was an accessory in RPGs with the name ‘Misumi Makoto’, only the encounter rate of the troublesome enemies would increase massively.<br/>
The rarity…would be trash level.<br/>
In other words, when I left the inn so that Shougetsu-san and the others would attack me, I received attacks that surpassed the two digits.<br/>
Even in a big city, no, it is exactly because it is a big city that walking alone is dangerous though.<br/>
On top of that, I staggeringly walked out from Mizuha’s number one inn.<br/>
Hahahaha, I understand that this is my just desserts.<br/>
Even so! Attack me sooner, you guys!<br/>
Is what I thought for a slight instant.<br/>
"What household are you from?!" <br/>
"Misumi household." (Makoto)<br/>
I tested saying this.<br/>
It would be troublesome if I introduce myself and there’s a Misumi family in this country after all.<br/>
No matter if Sairitz-san’s influence is strong, she wouldn’t be able to change the name of an entire household just because of me.<br/>
"Misumi? Uhm…"<br/>
"…I haven’t heard of it." <br/>
"It is not a name I know of." <br/>
The bodyguards, old man, and the servant-looking people shake their heads sideways.<br/>
Then there’s no problem in introducing myself normally then.<br/>
I was dragged into a building that doesn’t seem to be in use, was tied to a chair, and was left in the middle of the room.<br/>
It is a room with no windows.<br/>
"Why did you kidnap Iroha-sama?" <br/>
The one in charge of my interrogation seems to be a woman named Akashi-san.<br/>
Yuduki-san was also right by her side, and Shougetsu-san and the other women were slightly further at the back.<br/>
"That’s…one of my companions mistook you all for bad guys that wanted to kidnap a child." (Makoto)<br/>
"That scene had circumstances involved, and we did say that it was a misunderstanding, you know." (Akashi)<br/>
"Yeah, you are right. Ah, are your burns alright?" (Makoto)<br/>
"!! It is not something you bastard should be concerned abo—" (Akashi)<br/>
"…We are fine. We have finished the treatment." <br/>
Akashi-san seemed to be angered, but Yuduki-san had a calm face all around as she answered me.<br/>
They are mostly women, so I was secretly worried.<br/>
"That’s great. I was worried it would leave scars." (Makoto)<br/>
"…And so, you are going to return Iroha-sama, right?" (Akashi)<br/>
"Of course. We don’t have any intentions of hurting that princess-sama." (Makoto)<br/>
"?!" <br/>
"Now then, I think doing this will make us return to the first question all over again, that question about ‘who are you?’. Ah, Akashi-san, can you please check the left pocket of my coat?" (Makoto)<br/>
"…’Check out the place you couldn’t check before’, is that what you are saying?!" (Akashi)<br/>
Before being tied, I was thoroughly searched all over my body by Akashi-san and Yuduki-san.<br/>
My coat is a special article that you can’t take off the buttons unless it is me, so it must have made them pass an unpleasant time.<br/>
"I am a merchant, so there are some things I wouldn’t want others to see. You two were groping my whole body a while ago, so in that situation…I couldn’t do much, you know." (Makoto)<br/>
"Who would want to touch your body because they want to?!" (Akashi)<br/>
"…Akashi, change. Your left pocket, right? This is…a promissory note?" (Yuduki)<br/>
"Yes, I think this will serve as proof of my identity." (Makoto)<br/>
"Wait, this is…" (Yuduki)<br/>
Yuduki-san lightens her hand with magic, and looks carefully at the promissory note.<br/>
Yuduki-san is intellectual and can be reasoned with.<br/>
Akashi-san is impulsive, and when hostile, it makes it hard to make a conversation with her.<br/>
For this situation, Yuduki-san is the most suited one, but…in my opinion, Akashi-san is the one that gives me the better impression.<br/>
She doesn’t look like she is two-faced, so that’s what I think with that one point.<br/>
I might be a serious case of two-facedness though.<br/>
"Shougetsu-sama." (Yuduki)<br/>
"Umu. What is it? The family crest of Kahara?! Also, this shape…the highest of accommodations?" (Shougetsu)<br/>
As I thought, it had extraordinary effect.<br/>
This is a promissory note that an influential person of Lorel has given to an outside guest, so I can expect diplomatic-like effects as well.<br/>
The feudal lords, nobles, and military families are weak against this kind of things.<br/>
Well, rather than weak, it is more like, it can properly deal with them.<br/>
"The name at the back is…Sairitz herself. Could it be…" (Shougetsu)<br/>
"Shougetsu-sama?" <br/>
"Akashi, Yuduki, untie the rope." (Shougetsu)<br/>
"W-Why?!" (Akashi)<br/>
"That promissory note alone doesn’t warrant untying the rope. They have kidnapped Iroha-sama here!" (Yuduki)<br/>
"That person, Raidou-dono…is a Wise." (Shougetsu)<br/>
?<br/>
He asserted it?<br/>
Now that I think about it, that soldier also did that, but…is that something that can be asserted by only the outward appearance.<br/>
Akashi-san and Yuduki-san have been treating me fairly roughly here though.<br/>
In other words, my appearance is terrible, but even so, with only a few similar traits, you can’t just pinpoint a person as a Wise.<br/>
The similar points of that soldier and Shougetsu-san…<br/>
They saw the promissory note.<br/>
But Yuduki-san did as well.<br/>
No, if it’s only looking, Tomoe, Mio, and I have done so too.<br/>
We three didn’t read or see anything that pointed me as a Wise in that promissory note.<br/>
In that case…<br/>
"You can guess the person is a Wise by the promissory note, or there’s some inner information that can be used to pinpoint it?" (Makoto)<br/>
A part that only people with an official position can understand.<br/>
That’s the most probable possibility.<br/>
"Just as you have guessed. Also, to think you were the Raidou-dono of Kuzunoha company. It is certainly true that just having the name of that fox woman is not enough but, it looks like I have no choice but to see this as a misunderstanding from both sides." (Shougetsu)<br/>
Shougetsu-san makes a big sigh and shows me a smile.<br/>
A gentle smile.<br/>
It seems like the first compromise has been reached, maybe.<br/>
Damn it, that promissory note.<br/>
For what reason was it made to treat me as Wise?<br/>
Is this also a setup from Sairitz-san directed at the mercenary group?<br/>
Rather than a demi-human looking person, they would treat me better if I am seen as a Wise. It doesn’t have much demerits for me, which makes it even more unpleasant.<br/>
"I haven’t consented yet though!" (Akashi)<br/>
"Me neither. I understand that Iroha-sama has not gathered enough attention from the world to the point of appointing a Wise-sama as an assassin, but…" (Yuduki)<br/>
Akashi-san and Yuduki-san are still heavily on guard.<br/>
If I had to place a stance on the servants, I would say they don’t agree either.<br/>
It is only Shougetsu-san who understands a variety of things and has given up on doing anything to me.<br/>
"It is only on a limited amount of people, but the notification has reached me as well. There will be a company that will be going to the Yaso-Katsui labyrinth, so if that group has the Kahara household’s promissory note, we should cooperate." (Shougetsu)<br/>
"That’s exactly who we are." (Makoto)<br/>
"Right. Akashi, Yuduki!" (Shougetsu)<br/>
"Understood!" (Akashi)<br/>
"…Understood." (Yuduki)<br/>
Because of the strict tone of Shougetsu-san, I was finally freed.<br/>
But the dissatisfaction of the two is strong.<br/>
They don’t seem to like it at all.<br/>
For now, they have returned me my promissory note.<br/>
Well, it is that huh. It is okay to be treated as a Wise in the time I am in this country.<br/>
It would be a pain to try and negate it—ah!<br/>
Could it be that this is all within Sairitz-san’s plan?<br/>
No, let’s stop it.<br/>
If I end up overthinking it, I will only be digging deeper.<br/>
"We are in a season that’s troublesome in a lot of meanings, you see. Please forgive us for our excessive behaviour." (Shougetsu)<br/>
"Same here. Iroha-sama is resting at ease, so don’t worry." (Makoto)<br/>
"Then tomorrow…fumu, no…" (Shougetsu)<br/>
Okay, the problem has been resolved.<br/>
This is how it should be.<br/>
Nothing good comes from carrying the problem until it becomes bigger.<br/>
It must be severed while it is still budding.<br/>
This is what you call growing.<br/>
"Yeah, in the morning, I will tell Iroha-sama as well that there was a misunderstanding—" (Makoto)<br/>
"Raidou-dono." (Shougetsu)<br/>
"Yes?" (Makoto)<br/>
What is it?<br/>
"There’s something I want to talk to you about. Since you left at such late hours, it must mean that you were intending on providing us your time, is that right?" (Shougetsu)<br/>
"Well, of course. Uhm, I thought our talk was wrapped up a few moments ago though." (Makoto)<br/>
"To tell you the truth, there’s some circumstances involving why Iroha-sama is currently in Mizuha." (Shougetsu)<br/>
"Shougetsu-sama?!" <br/>
The old man talks, and the other four look at him with expressions of surprise.<br/>
I remember the cursed words of Tomoe.<br/>
No, I won’t remember them.<br/>
I don’t want to.<br/>
My growth, my growth is…!<br/>
"Don’t worry, it is not like Raidou-dono and Iroha-sama are completely unrelated to it. Izumo-sama is your student, right?" (Shougetsu)<br/>
"?!" <br/>
"…"<br/>
So we are pulling this now huh.<br/>
It would be a different story if this were to spare me from diving into the labyrinth!! But this just one-sidedly increase my job!!<br/>
T-This is not funny.<br/>
At this rate, my other students might bring me more trouble too. Jin…I currently can’t find anything; Amelia, well, if it is related to Shiki, I won’t need to do anything; Misura’s problem has to do with the church, the number one place I don’t like; in Daena’s case, married problems, I ask that they don’t trouble me with those; the matter with the Rembrandt sisters has already been resolved.<br/>
Even so, I feel like Jin and Amelia might still be holding some kind of bomb.<br/>
Even Izumo who didn’t cause trouble until now is like this, you know.<br/>
I see.<br/>
Iroha-chan is his…<br/>
They really don’t think at all about the difference in age huh.<br/>
It feels like the scenario where two old men were drinking tea while deciding if to marry each other’s next born child.<br/>
Okay, I will listen to what you have to say.<br/>
It is related with me.<br/>
Because it is not assured that…it will be resolved smoothly after all!!<br/>
Previous Chapter l Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
May 15, 2017June 13, 2017 ReigokaiTsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Douchuu <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
