<br/>
"Wah…but, even if you defeat me, the fight won’t end. However, I will praise you. To think that they would be able to destroy a section of the Marikosans. Well done…..Fuhahahahaha!" <br/>
"With one attack? To think they would have the power to defeat Yellow-san with one attack. Captain!! Captain Red!! Your orders please!" <br/>
"How admirable. Truly admirable. Yellow was the weakest one among us, but her box cut <a beard style, apparently> was one you had to keep an eye on. But no need to fret. We can still do it. Don’t go on the defensive by any means. We will attack, and attack, and continue attacking! At the frontlines, we have our vice-captain, Black—" <br/>
"Captain! The attack that defeated Yellow-san penetrated all the way onto Black-san as well! Black-san has been KIA!!" <br/>
"W-What?!" <br/>
Damn it.<br/>
My power is quite weakened.<br/>
Even when I defeat these mysterious fairies that exist as a group, they revive immediately.<br/>
It seems the individuals that live long actually do grow as well but they don’t revive immediately like the rest… well, they still have that quirk of having beards though.<br/>
But those special individuals mix with the normal Marikosans and move together like an army to attack.<br/>
In other words, I have to defeat these leader type Marikosans that can’t revive immediately and make them a grouping without any chain of command.<br/>
…Group body.<br/>
…Army… <br/>
Eh, could it be…<br/>
No no no.<br/>
They are simply fighting in a style that fits their race. Yeah.<br/>
From my perspective, they are a race that everything looks like a joke, but they leave as many questions as well.<br/>
Now then, the bullet hell that was attacking me from the front had me reconstruct my Magic Armor around three times, but… for now, I decided on taking the offensive in silencing the reinforcement of Marikosans.<br/>
Not only am I in a situation where all of my magic and specs are attenuated and obstructed, if I take my time doing my aria to strengthen the attack, Hitsuna-san will come attacking me with no mercy.<br/>
If I am surrounded by several close combat Marikosans, it would be troublesome.<br/>
How to say it, even if I do short arias, there’s some sort of problematic jamming that is eating out parts of the aria by force.<br/>
Most of the long aria ones, I can’t bring them to activation because of that jamming and Hitsuna-san. <br/>
Even if I manage to activate it properly, the power is heavily decreased.<br/>
Inevitably, the only spells I can use are the ones that are arialess and their magic power is incredibly low.<br/>
How stressing!<br/>
For now, I have dealt with almost all the close combat ones and 2 of the ones that look like leaders.<br/>
Three of them had lined up pretty well, so when I tried shooting them with one attack, I managed to defeat two of them. Too bad the spell lost most of its power and was unable to get the third one.<br/>
"There!!"<br/>
In perspective, I totally look like the bad guy here. I created several tentacles with the Magic Armor and controlled them to pierce through several of the close combat Marikosans that were left.<br/>
"Even when Takane-kun is reducing his power this much, he is still…… you magic power gorilla!" (Hitsuna)<br/>
So rude!<br/>
The jeer that was practically a scream from Hitsuna-san pierced through my heart.<br/>
Magic power gorilla she says.<br/>
"That’s my only strong point you see! I will be passing through!" (Makoto)<br/>
There’s already no Marikosans around me.<br/>
If it’s now, I might be able to crush the aria jamming and the quite strong magic book spells of Hitsuna-san with my gorilla magic power.<br/>
You see, gorillas are kind at heart you know! Apparently! <Gorilla-sensei made Gintama, hence, gorillas are the superior race><br/>
"Is that person not returning yet?!" (Hitsuna)<br/>
"Probably in around three minutes!" <br/>
"3 minutes?! Make it 30 seconds!" (Hitsuna)<br/>
"?!! Understood Priestess-san. Then, I am leaving it to you for 30 seconds." <br/>
"Eh? Ah, could it be the Queen?" (Hitsuna)<br/>
"That’s right! If we have 30 seconds, we will have a way to defeat that guy!" <br/>
"Understood! Then, with all I’ve got, I will do everything I can without thinking about the consequences!" (Hitsuna)<br/>
Hitsuna-san and the Marikosans are shouting at each other while in the middle of this bombardment of magic<br/>
Right after that, Hitsuna-san steps forward from the line of Marikosans at the back.<br/>
And then, the pages floating around Hitsuna-san increase by more than twice the number.<br/>
Geh!<br/>
You yourself are a magic power gorilla!<br/>
This is clearly weird! <br/>
In the first place, just how much dense magic barrages has she been shooting from the very start?!<br/>
She would surpass Shiki, no jokes.<br/>
Moreover, she sometimes throws me skills that are not like those of a magician.<br/>
With someone like her as an exclusive rear guard, you would have quite a lot of peace of mind.<br/>
She is like a babysitter that has a lot of steam power.<br/>
"Let’s give it our all!" <br/>
"I can’t use Safety Zone for one minute more though. Can’t slacken my hand here!" (Hitsuna)<br/>
"We can’t either. Our long lives are not just for show. We do have a good number of tricks up our sleeves. Don’t look down on grandmas!" <br/>
Kuh…<br/>
"[Guardian of the Beautiful Country]! [Cat tribe claws]! [Songstress, Queen Teresa]….!"<br/>
With a glance, I look at the Marikosans that were at the back of Hitsuna-san.<br/>
Those girls respond to that gaze with a grin.<br/>
Sword, axe, and spear; their weapons that were mainly throwing weapons have been changed into close combat ones?<br/>
Just what in the world…<br/>
"[Fake Page, Mad Sublimation]!" <br/>
!!<br/>
A golden aura covers the Marikosans.<br/>
These aura was being breathed into them…and then, it once again gushes out from them.<br/>
Their hair had turned blond…<Super Saiyan Marikosan!><br/>
Ah~, I want to retort, but this looks like it packs serious power.<br/>
A powerful barrier spell that blocks my Bridds; an attack spell which magic power is shaped as cats were flying at me like bullets. The power of their claws and fangs were abnormally sharp, and in the end, they explode and gouge out the Magic Armor; I don’t know if it’s random or there’s some sort of condition, but there’s a songstress summon that seems to be the curse type negating my attack magic.<br/>
Honestly, each one of them might rival one ring spell of Shiki.<br/>
And yet, there’s still a lot of magic power remaining in the body of Hitsuna-san.<br/>
I don’t know what kind of trick she is using, but it looks like this is their last spurt huh.<br/>
I can somewhat imagine who ‘that person’ they are referring to.<br/>
In the end, I was unable to grasp the place and power of this person they call Takane.<br/>
It was a tougher battle than expected, but once the end is at sight, your mood changes as well.<br/>
* * *<br/>
"[Sticky Quagmire]" <br/>
I brought down the Marikosans called Red and Blue.<br/>
The bombardment from the rear guard had weakened by quite a lot.<br/>
Hitsuna-san had finally fallen on her knees and the last three pages floating around her had disappeared.<br/>
The air in the surroundings turned heavy like a bog and coiled around me. <br/>
But that only lasted for a few seconds.<br/>
The Magic Armor resisted against those restraints and breaks it into pieces.<br/>
"Ahaha, as expected, I can’t use anymore magic power huh. Has it been 200 years since something like that has happened? Ah…now record~~." (Hitsuna)<br/>
Just like that, Hitsuna-san tilts forward and collapses.<br/>
She is sweating bullets, and her face is completely pale.<br/>
Hm, for our side, this is the ideal way of defeating her.<br/>
This girl that self-destructed herself by running out of mana. I don’t think they lasted for 30 seconds.<br/>
"[Green Maze, Crusher]!" <br/>
Ah, a leader-type Marikosan.<br/>
So there still was one left.<br/>
The Marikosan that jumped at me had a hammer that was bigger than me and swung it.<br/>
"Sorry but, I don’t have the time to keep you guys company anymore." (Makoto)<br/>
I place both hands of the Magic Armor together and direct them at her.<br/>
Then, I fire them.<br/>
"Taste the finishing move of the number one Marikosan that possesses herculean strength in these mutton chops—–asfasd?!!" <br/>
After a thunderous sound…Green became a star.<br/>
I did think she would penetrate the ceiling and a part of her would get stuck in it, but it is certainly true that her attack had quite the power.<br/>
It almost offsetted my magic power knuckle.<br/>
But what’s with these box cut and mutton chops. Even when I know that those are the names of their beards, I honestly still feel like that’s an unknown world for me.<br/>
"Okay, I am done. From here, it would be better to go for Mio. She is in a situation where she can’t move… I can’t even imagine a situation like that but, I will go and see." (Makoto)<br/>
"I can’t let you do that." <br/>
"Eh?"<br/>
I couldn’t feel its presence at all.<br/>
But I certainly heard a voice.<br/>
There’s someone directly at my right.<br/>
"To think there would be such a strong person that would be able to defeat most of the Marikosans including the elites with only one attack. It was surprising. But you still haven’t seen the true essence of the one that governs over this dungeon." <br/>
A tone that possesses dignity; a noble presence.<br/>
Even when it sounds like a big shot, I don’t have the time to hear what it has to say.<br/>
But I…was unable to eliminate it immediately.<br/>
Teleportation huh.<br/>
Several Bridds cut through the air.<br/>
"It is true that the time to exchange words has long been over. Then, receive this with that body of yours. The strongest trump card of the Marikosans; the strongest finishing move of I, the Marikosan Queen!"<br/>
"…"<br/>
In this place, even if it ends with just resisting, it is easy to get affected by it.<br/>
It is better to stay as natural as possible and prepare for as many situations as you can.<br/>
"[Bina Wall]" <ビーンナウォール><br/>
My sight turned pitch black in an instant.<br/>
My ears have been blocked too?! <br/>
There’s no sound.<br/>
No, not only that, I can’t even move.<br/>
Then…a restraining magic?<br/>
Hey hey, wait.<br/>
I can’t even breath!<br/>
I can’t see anything, can’t hear anything, can’t move my body, can’t breath; just what in the hell is this? What is this? What the hell is this, what the hell is this, what the hell is this?!<br/>
My spirit that was heading in a straight line towards panic…stops after a few seconds.<br/>
The trigger was a sound.<br/>
I could hear it.<br/>
The sound of my heart.<br/>
That’s when I noticed. That’s right, I am still alive.<br/>
I don’t feel the presence of the Magic Armor, but I am still alive.<br/>
The name of the last spell I heard was Bina All –no, was it Bina Wall?<br/>
And those girls were strangely like Japanese people.<br/>
Then that Wall she is talking about… <br/>
Dungeon… Wall… this situation where I can’t see, hear, move, breath…<br/>
…<br/>
So that’s how it is.<br/>
This is probably…no, there’s no doubt about it.<br/>
I also remember the words Hitsuna-san said to the Marikosan.<br/>
That they have a method to defeat me.<br/>
It is for certain that they were referring to this skill.<br/>
Dungeon, related to wall, finishing move…<br/>
I remember the first time I played a retro game, I felt like throwing the controller at the television.<br/>
That’s right.<br/>
Right now, I am… inside a wall.<br/>
I place all of [Sakai] into strengthening and forcefully create the Magic Armor.<br/>
It is probably quite the sturdy bedrock, I only managed to destroy around 1-2 meters of my surroundings.<br/>
If this is the very center of a wall, I should be satisfied that I at least managed to do it.<br/>
This is probably something my previous weakened state wouldn’t have been able to do.<br/>
In that case…<br/>
This place would normally spell instant death, but maybe because it is outside of the weakening space of this Takane person, even in a situation where it feels as if my [Sakai] is still hazy, I feel pretty cleared up.<br/>
I wonder where’s the 20th floor?<br/>
I don’t know for how long I will manage to breath, so I should hurry.<br/>
But this Marikosan Queen, she had some outrageous trump card hidden.<br/>
I probably let down my guard because of how ideally I broke Hitsuna-san.<br/>
Hm.<br/>
As always, I can’t properly pick up the situation there, but…I have found the 20th floor.<br/>
If the person they are referring to is just as I think, this knight by the name of Aznoval, even if he were to arrive, the situation wouldn’t change much.<br/>
But, it is the truth that I do have a slight ominous feeling.<br/>
I want to return by the time that happens.<br/>
…Digging huh. It’s been awhile since I have done that.<br/>
Since the time I broke through the barrier of the Akua and Eris combi.<br/>
Let’s do this.<br/>
Dig, dig, dig like crazy, and return.<br/>
Wait for me, last round!<br/>
Previous Chapter l Next Chapter<br/>
 <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
September 6, 2017September 21, 2017 ReigokaiTsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Douchuu <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
