[Tsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Douchuu c318](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/06/24/tsuki-chapter-318-acknowledge-he-has-the-power-to-make-that-possible/)
<br/><br/>
“You can make me your wife.” <br/>
…<br/>
Don’t reheat the nightmare at Rotsgard, little girl! <br/>
“…If you are older and you don’t change your mind—no, sorry. Even if I look like this, I am going out with someone. How about Lime?” (Makoto)<br/>
A girl around the age of a highschooler glared at me.<br/>
How scary. <br/>
Even though I wanted to push it off as classic social courtesy. <br/>
“Lime-oniichan has way too high of a scaling factor.” <br/>
“I see, Lime is a hero after all.” (Makoto)<br/>
Scaling factor.<br/>
She knows quite the word.<br/>
Because she looks at the roughness of the world the whole time, the amount of desensitized children like this one increases, maybe?<br/>
Or is it because she is a girl that she is more mature?<br/>
“That’s right. But rather than people that have a good face but bad attire, I prefer people that have ugly faces but have good attires.” <br/>
That’s pretty straight there, child.<br/>
“Then, who would be nice aside from me?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hmm, Tomoe-chan!” <br/>
That’s a woman!<br/>
Shouldn’t it be Komoe at the very least there?! <br/>
That girl is unexpectedly boyish. She even has a katana.<br/>
“Nii-chan! Are you the disciple of Lime-san, Nii-chan?!” <br/>
“I am like the teacher of Lime’s teacher, I think?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I am seducing him here! Don’t get in the way!” <br/>
“Lies! Lime-san is super strong, you know?!” <br/>
“Uwuh! You are in the way!” <br/>
“I am actually pretty strong, you know. Ah, search for a different husband, okay? This is for your sake.” (Makoto)<br/>
Since it is Tomoe, it should be fine, but in the past, Mio would get cautious even towards Rinon. Reckless remarks like that wouldn’t be safe.<br/>
“Then, are you super super super strong, Nii-chan?” <br/>
“…That’s right! Gaaoooh! Kueh!” (Makoto)<br/>
I raised both of my hands like a bear doing the classic pose of a kaiju, and then raise one leg and spread my arms to both sides for the crane stance.<br/>
I was completely aware that the boy that was talking to me persistently was giving eye signals to the child at my back, and he was approaching me stealthily with a wooden sword.<br/>
I thought he would attack me when I was doing the bear, but he came at me when I did the crane.<br/>
“An opening!” <br/>
There’s none though. <br/>
I thought that he would be coming at me with a downwards swing like a regular child, but the boy placed his weight down and went for a sweep like swinging an axe towards one of my legs.<br/>
Holding it with both hands on top of that.<br/>
Would you call this talent?<br/>
*Pakin!*<br/>
After making a really nice sound, the wooden sword breaks.<br/>
It was as thin as a branch, so that’s not a surprise.<br/>
“So hard!” <br/>
“Woah! Amazing!” <br/>
“So strong!!” <br/>
“Mischievous children…” (Makoto)<br/>
““Run~!!””<br/>
“Get punished!” (Makoto)<br/>
I li~ghtly chase after the children that dispersed like baby spiders.<br/>
“Uhm, I don’t mind being your mistress!” <br/>
“It is definitely a lie that you are stronger than Lime-san!” <br/>
A boy and a girl around middle school and high school cut into the game of tag.<br/>
A loop?! <br/>
I can’t tag along with this forever, you know!<br/>
Damn, I messed up.<br/>
I should have participated in the remodeling meeting.<br/>
It was a mistake for me to wonder just what kind of children there were here.<br/>
It is a hail of children with bottomless energy and pointlessly mature brats.<br/>
The person herself must be thinking she is being ambionate here, but she is digging out the old wounds in the Academy Town! <br/>
I don’t need a mistress either! These girls are clearly saying this knowing full well that I am the representative of a company! <br/>
Also, you boy there! The rusted pipe you are holding, if you were to be pointing that thing at someone other than me, it would be assault, you know?! <br/>
◇◇◆◆◇◇◆◆◇◇◆◆◇◇◆◆<br/>
Tomoe stood at the side of the window and was watching Raidou with the children.<br/>
(Fumu, so he doesn’t hate children. That’s one worry gone-ja.) (Tomoe)<br/>
It is true that Tomoe is the superior of Lime, and she knew his wish.<br/>
But she is not so kind as to give the orphanage a chance just because of this.<br/>
Now that Tomoe has gotten in a relationship with Makoto, she is obviously looking into the future now.<br/>
Groundwork for the next step. Tomoe wanted to know how he felt towards children.<br/>
And at the same time, she wanted to know just how the hyuman children acted, and what was the difference between them and the demi-human ones.<br/>
On top of that, even if she were to bring them to Asora, would it bring a good influence to the children of Makoto that would certainly be born in the future?<br/>
Tomoe has been looking at the memories of Makoto.<br/>
She knows the growth of Makoto.<br/>
She obviously knows about how weak he was in his childhood, so she also knows about the existence of kindergartens and elementary schools.<br/>
The proposal of Lime about bringing hyumans to Asora matched -to a certain degree- with the wish of Tomoe.<br/>
If you put the education component in the orphanage, the student component gets stronger.<br/>
In order to match it with Asora, there’s the need to prepare something that has proper form for when it happens.<br/>
Being able to enjoy the birth of a yoseba is certainly one part of its appeals, however, the current Tomoe is not a period drama edo freak, but a woman that dreams of a child. <br/>
It is actually pretty far away from the plan of Makoto about this serving as recreation for Tomoe.<br/>
“Tomoe-sama.” <br/>
“Stop with the -sama. I am aware that I have the standing to don that, but considering the relationship we will be having from now on, you can relax and call me Tomoe-san. Or maybe even call me Big Sis like Lime does.” (Tomoe)<br/>
A stiff relationship isn’t bad.<br/>
But thinking about the fact that children are involved, it would be a pain if the relationship were to be stiff the whole time.<br/>
The nervousness of adults will certainly transmit to the children.<br/>
“Lime certainly does call you that, but what does Big Sis mean?” <br/>
“Something like a female boss, or the woman of the boss-ja. Fumu…fufufu.” (Tomoe)<br/>
Thinking over the meaning of the latter one by herself, Tomoe laughs creepily.<br/>
This would be quite the strange behaviour for people who know her usual self.<br/>
“So, the ones who will be responsible for the reconstruction in the Weitz Orphanage will be you people, right?” (Tomoe)<br/>
“Ah, yes! I, Seina, and the male staff member, Tigu, will be the ones responsible.” (Seina)<br/>
“I see. Looking forward to working with you. I will be the one in charge most of the time, Tomoe-ja. Of course, I don’t mind if you were to talk with Waka directly, but…” (Tomoe)<br/>
““……””<br/>
The words of Tomoe implied something.<br/>
Seina and Tigu waited for what more she had to say.<br/>
From what they have seen until now, they feel like it would be several times easier if it were with Raidou rather than Tomoe.<br/>
If it is going to be easier with the superior, it would be more convenient to direct their requests to him instead.<br/>
It can’t be helped that they would think like that.<br/>
“If you were to do that, it would be incredibly displeasing for me. I figured…I should at least tell you that beforehand.” (Tomoe)<br/>
““……””<br/>
The Weitz Orphanage hasn’t brought displeasure to Tomoe until now.<br/>
Or more like, until this day, this place had practically no worth for Tomoe.<br/>
If you have no interest, there’s close to no chances to get that angry.<br/>
It was simply a relationship that had just the minimum amount of contact for work.<br/>
However, a case where she would feel displeased has been pointed out to them.<br/>
If they were to make a direct appeal to Raidou, their request might be easily passed, but Tomoe is telling them to be prepared for the penalty that comes with it.<br/>
‘I feel like I would get soft, so I will leave it to you, Tomoe’. <br/>
Tomoe properly understood the meaning of her master’s words.<br/>
“Now then, the main topic here is the reconstruction, but…” (Tomoe)<br/>
“Yes?” (Seina)<br/>
“Before that, I would like to confirm that you guys properly understood what I said just now.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“? Confirm?” (Tigu)<br/>
Tigu tilted his head.<br/>
By ‘just now’, is she referring to confirmation of the orphanage reconstruction and support, and also Raidou’s plan declaration about bringing teachers and beginning education?<br/>
If that’s the case, there’s no need to confirm, they remember it clearly.<br/>
Unable to understand Tomoe’s intention here, he ended up questioning it.<br/>
“Umu, as long as you are going to be actively adopting the education policy, the adults should be able to answer the daily questions of the children, or there would be no point.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“…Could that mean…us too?” (Seina)<br/>
Tomoe nods to Seina.<br/>
“Of course, I will have you participate in the lessons too. It goes without saying, but it is going to be unacceptable that you get lower scores than that of the children. You will be literally dedicating yourselves even if that means sacrificing sleep.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“Is it okay to study when we are this old?” (Seina)<br/>
“Seriously? That’s quite the demonstration.” (Tigu)<br/>
Seina and Tigu were surprised and happy that they will have to study too.<br/>
But the part that they not only have to take the lessons together with the children, but also always be one step ahead of them is pretty difficult of a task, which they still haven’t noticed.<br/>
It is not like their work as staff members will be decreasing, and an adult learning would require quite the force of will and endurance.<br/>
“As long as Waka says there’s the need to train in jobs, we would have to also add subjects to learn about crafting, which inevitably leads to requiring places to learn in.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“…It is true that it would be impossible to learn about cooking in the current kitchen we have.” (Seina)<br/>
“If it is woodworking, we could do that outside…no, there’s the risk of rain, and the sound would be an annoyance. It would be rough, huh.” (Tigu)<br/>
“On top of that, at first it is okay, but we are dealing with children  of different ages, aptitudes, and knowledge, so there will be the need to set up a number of grades. This will also require division in locations.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“Location division? I think everyone can do this together though.” (Seina)<br/>
“Seina, as I said, if you are going to make children of different age, aptitude, and even abilities, take classes together, it would be inefficient.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“Really?” (Seina)<br/>
“At first, everyone will be together-ja. But the difference in abilities will show up as they learn. Then, it would be better to do class divisions as a step-up that would match their abilities and personal growth, don’t you think?” (Tomoe)<br/>
More so, that’s the policy Asora runs when educating and training, but obviously Tomoe didn’t mention that part.<br/>
Not yet.<br/>
“It is like a race. Sounds interesting. Children, who would get bored repeating what they can already do, would certainly show up after all.” (Tigu)<br/>
Tigu seemed to be in favor of the class divisions.<br/>
It is in a sense a skipping grade system, but in this kind of start, it does show certain effectiveness.<br/>
Of course, Tomoe is also aware of its demerits, but when pushing her own opinion, she won’t go out of her way to bring herself to a lower position.<br/>
“Really? A race feels like we are having the children compete with each other, and I don’t like it that much. If possible, it would be better if we were to not have children fall or drop out…” (Seina)<br/>
Seina brings out a negative response.<br/>
“But living is exactly that, a competition, right? Training for that to a certain extent before going outside doesn’t sound bad, right? In the first place, they are living in an orphanage, they should already understand the harshness of society. Thinking about a system that won’t bring about drop outs will be a job for the future. If you don’t want to have drop outs, you can just support them properly.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“I do understand, but…no, you are right. It is not about teaching the competent children, but to teach them about further beyond that. I get it. In the first place, we need the Kuzunoha Company to lead the teaching policy. There’s a lot of things we can’t think of.” (Seina)<br/>
“Yeah. The start will be left completely in your hands. That can’t be helped.” (Tigu)<br/>
The two understand clearly that this is outside their expertise.<br/>
Tomoe had a better evaluation of the two of them compared to people who speak about ideals without being able to do it or knowing about it.<br/>
“Well, you are right. We will be leading at first. We were the ones who suggested this, so we have to take responsibility. And so, the conversation jumped a bit too ahead, but what I want you to understand first is the important prerequisite. From today on, I prohibit the acceptance of any new child into the orphanage.” (Tomoe)<br/>
““?!””<br/>
“As Waka has already explained, this place is full-ja. Even if we remodel the place, that part won’t change. I even feel like it surpasses a bit than what you can look after, but…I will look the other way on that part. Understand? Anymore is…unacceptable.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“I think about 10 more should be okay.” (Seina)<br/>
“Not a single one will be allowed. If you break this…” (Tomoe)<br/>
She cuts off Seina in an instant.<br/>
This is still a difficult way of doing things for Tomoe’s master. <br/>
“…”<br/>
“The Kuzunoha Company will abandon the Weitz Orphanage. We will take our hands off completely. This has been discussed with Lime too-ja.” (Tomoe)<br/>
This is the truth.<br/>
Tomoe had placed this condition on him as a penalty for getting it over his head and relying on Makoto.<br/>
Of course, she also told Lime that he can still assist them on his own accord though.<br/>
She obviously isn’t telling them this part on purpose.<br/>
“That’s too sudden!” (Seina)<br/>
“As long as you keep the promise, there’s no problems. I also wouldn’t want to do anything horrible if possible. Thus, I am asking strictly here.” (Tomoe)<br/>
““……””<br/>
Tomoe is serious.<br/>
Her eyes and tone were transmitting this.<br/>
The Kuzunoha Company will be cutting all support if even one is added.<br/>
“However, the representative Raidou-san…” (Seina)<br/>
“-sama. I didn’t say you can act familiar with Waka too.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“! Raidou-sama didn’t say anything at all about cutting off the support.” (Seina)<br/>
“Waka was terribly worried that he would be too soft on the Weitz Orphanage if he were to be in charge. Therefore, he said before that I would be the one in charge, didn’t he?” (Tomoe)<br/>
“…So that’s what he meant…?” (Seina)<br/>
Seina had finally noticed that she had poked into an unbelievable thing.<br/>
Lime said he was okay with how things were currently. <br/>
That if they wanted to create a change, they should first raise their achievements, and then negotiate with Raidou.<br/>
But the discussion is done now.<br/>
The milk has been spilled.<br/>
Regretting what has already occurred won’t make it turn back.<br/>
“At this point in time, I won’t be asking for what purpose you wanted to know the true intentions of Waka. In the first place, the fact that you guys didn’t try to stop the reduction of the support from the other places…is the very definition of being spoiled by us, don’t you think?” (Tomoe)<br/>
““?!””<br/>
The expression of Seina and Tigu stiffen.<br/>
The Kuzunoha Company was providing great support without speaking out.<br/>
A support good enough that could fulfill the necessities of the orphanage. <br/>
On the other hand, the other companies and rich people that would only put a few gold coins every few years would come appraise the children and demand things.<br/>
There were actually many cases where they would take an attitude of cutting them off completely when the relationship got bad. <br/>
Seina and Tigu didn’t do this because of self-interest.<br/>
However, there certainly were things they could have done if the support with those other people continued.<br/>
The feelings of doubting the intentions of the Kuzunoha Company even though they were being spoiled by it were gravely present.<br/>
(Well, the cut of the support was also the aim of Rembrandt. It is also true that they were relying on the gold of filthy companies. I won’t say it is solely their fault. Also, if I didn’t put this out strictly, they might have increased it to 300 or even 400. Seeing the memory that showed when they reacted to the perfume, I can’t say I don’t understand their feelings, but…thinking about the fact that we haven’t even finished the step of buying the land in the area, and the possibility of them joining Asora, we can’t be soft on them. Even if in foundation is going in a good route for Tamaki.) (Tomoe)<br/>
Tomoe remembers a terrible memory. <br/>
It was in the memory of Seina and Tigu, and two other staff members.<br/>
—Aah, you have a good face there. Then, I will be taking that boy. I will spare you. I will be coming again. I am looking forward to my most beloved expression.<br/>
—Hey, I will let you choose. You or him. Who should I kidnap? Kufufu, right. You want to be spared, right? Since you asked, I will grant it for you. Fufufufu.<br/>
—That’s no good. Screaming like that. See, the adults have woken up now. Aah, so pitiful. Because of you, everyone will die. Even though I don’t find killing as fun at all. Aah, what a shame. The time to kidnap you is gone now. I will come again.<br/>
—What a good child. As long as you offer me the children that I like, no one dies. This is a necessary sacrifice. You are smart, so you understand. Oh? Even though you are doing the correct thing, why are you grinding your teeth? Is there a need to cry? You are saving the other children here, you know?<br/>
It was the elf Makoto had informed her about, Rio.<br/>
He has been kidnapping children regularly.<br/>
He has been coming to the Weitz Orphanage over and over as well.<br/>
He would always show up to a child or staff member and have them perpetrate it. <br/>
With that same smell, he would come alone, and kidnap children while enjoying a conversation.<br/>
For the staff members, it was one of their worst memories.<br/>
—This child will be becoming a slave. Even though they are a hyuman.<br/>
—I sometimes sell hyuman slaves to demi-humans. Can you imagine what kind of treatment they get? <br/>
—If they aren’t sold in 1 year, they are disposed of. It means bye bye.<br/>
If they had begun the meeting with a scent that brings back such memories, it could have turned into an even more terrible situation than just one or two insults.<br/>
Tomoe sighs. <br/>
As always, the strange fate of her master was going strong.<br/>
Then, she chuckled.<br/>
But this time around, he is passing the situation while playing with the children.<br/>
(It won’t be long before there’s a breakdown with that elf. Well, as for me, as long as I can secure hyuman children for the sake of my children…ah, no good no good. If I were to just line up what I am saying, there’s not much difference from that elf. Hmm…looks like those two are about to yield.) (Tomoe)<br/>
“Uhm, Tomoe-san, if the support of the Kuzunoha Company is gone right now, the children won’t even be able to eat.” (Seina)<br/>
Obviously.<br/>
There’s too many after all.<br/>
“Yeah.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“We will do our best. We won’t increase the amount of children. So please…” (Seina)<br/>
“There’s no need to do your best. Answer with results. If the children increase, it is over. Understood?” (Tomoe)<br/>
“There’s even children who are sick and in pain that appear in front of us, you know?!” (Seina)<br/>
“Then, you can accept them.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“Eh?” (Seina)<br/>
“In exchange, make one child leave.” (Tomoe)<br/>
Tomoe says as if it was nothing.<br/>
““!!””<br/>
“Hey, we are not in a relationship where we are trying to probe each other, right? If you take one step into the cliff, you fall. I don’t think there’s any further explanation for that.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“But…there hasn’t been a single word about that until now…” (Seina)<br/>
There’s no buts here. <br/>
Until now is until now.<br/>
From now on is from now on.<br/>
That’s how change is.<br/>
More so, no matter if it was a miscalculation, Seina, who was the very person responsible for this change happening, shouldn’t have any right to object.<br/>
“It felt bad that we didn’t say anything, right? From now on, we will be speaking out properly. That’s what we are saying. Doesn’t this give you peace of mind, Seina?” (Tomoe)<br/>
Even Tomoe doesn’t find this amusing to a certain degree.<br/>
Speaking all high-and-mighty about the world when they are being spoiled by her master.<br/>
In a corner of her mind, she felt this way, even if she didn’t say it outright.<br/>
“Uuuh…” (Seina)<br/>
“Understood.” (Tigu)<br/>
“Tigu?!” (Seina)<br/>
“Seina, what Tomoe-san is saying isn’t wrong. And in reality, Raidou-sama came and is even remodeling the place. And yet, trying to let us do as we please as we have until now is just pushing it. We were the ones who came asking for the Kuzunoha Company because they didn’t say anything, right? Also, I just don’t feel like this has any benefit for the Kuzunoha Company. They are saying they will lend us a hand in making the children of our place have no trouble when leaving. For now, let’s introduce the children that come here to other orphanages.” (Tigu)<br/>
“O-Okay… But how are we going to…?” (Seina)<br/>
Make other places accept them?<br/>
And a place that has a decent environment.<br/>
Tigu understood how Seina felt even if she didn’t say it.<br/>
“We can provide them with goods that we have leftover, or something like that. There’s a variety of ways we can deal with it. Tomoe-san hasn’t prohibited that much.” (Tigu)<br/>
“…You’ve got wits, Tigu. It is true that we won’t interfere with that.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“! Thank you very much!” (Seina)<br/>
“It’s okay. In those parts, talk between yourselves, and decide how you will be dealing with that. I simply told you what must definitely be done for the future.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“We will definitely keep it. I will also be telling the others clearly as well.” (Seina)<br/>
“Well then, it is about time we move to the main topic of the remodeling. About the necessary facilities we have spoken about before, our side will be deciding the structure beforehand. So there’s no need for you guys to think about the design.” (Tomoe)<br/>
After telling them the most important part, Tomoe advances the topic.<br/>
Seina seemed to still have something bothering her, but from what Tomoe has seen, she isn’t an idiot.<br/>
‘After calming down for one night, she should be able to see a clear picture of the current situation’, is what Tomoe has judged.<br/>
Then, there’s no need to waste time. It is more important to properly instruct them in what they should be doing right now.<br/>
“…Then, what will we be doing?” (Seina)<br/>
Seina switched gears and asked.<br/>
“Umu, first would be the preparations to move. Would it take several days for the staff members and helping the relatively young children?” (Tomoe)<br/>
“Why limit it to just the young children?” (Seina)<br/>
“I will tell Lime the details tomorrow, but I wanted to request something. I thought this would serve as compensation for the expansion. For me, that is. In the end, it ended up with a simple job of just giving your opinions to a perfume though. See? Waka is soft, don’t you think?” (Tomoe)<br/>
“Y-Yes.” (Seina)<br/>
“We will be expanding the dwellings of the children with the work they themselves do. It would give them a sense of accomplishment. Well, that’s fine. Anyways, I will have you take that job. Think of it as repaying the debt. Also, I would like you to allocate a number of yours so that they will be okay even when going out. So I want you to make do with the other members aside from that for the moving preparations.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“…Understood. We will think about it.” (Seina)<br/>
“Of course, there won’t be any danger to the children that will be doing the job. Don’t worry.” (Tomoe)<br/>
Tomoe goes ahead and resolves the worry of Seina.<br/>
“! Thank you very much.” (Seina)<br/>
Seina felt as if her mind had been read, but it was an actual worry of hers.<br/>
It made her happy that she was promised there’s no danger.<br/>
“216 is too many.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“!” <br/>
“It is too many, but Waka said he would accept them. Then, we won’t reduce them. His will is absolute in the Kuzunoha Company.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“…Okay.” (Seina)<br/>
“So, how many days would you need?” (Tomoe)<br/>
“What do you think, Tigu? If we are having them go out, I think it would take around 3 days maybe.” (Seina)<br/>
“3 days, huh. Hmm, if we begin today, can’t we make it in 2 days?” (Tigu)<br/>
“But we would also have to decide the arrangements of the rooms as well, so we wouldn’t have enough hands on our side.” (Seina)<br/>
“I see, the arrangements as well. Then, 3 days, no 4 might be necessary.” (Tigu)<br/>
“There’s a lot of heavy stuff after all. We could pull Lime into it?” (Seina)<br/>
“No, he is doing work for the Kuzunoha Company, so that would be bad.” (Tigu)<br/>
Tigu glances at Tomoe.<br/>
“I don’t mind. I won’t complain about what Lime is doing where, when it is outside work hours.” (Tomoe)<br/>
She is saying that as long as he does what he has to do, he is free.<br/>
Tomoe suddenly got interested in what’s the actual image the Kuzunoha Company has.<br/>
They should be decently known in Tsige. <br/>
She was musing about investigating how the residents in general see them. <br/>
“Then, in 4 days it will be certain, right?” (Tomoe)<br/>
“Yeah.” (Tigu)<br/>
“We will manage in 4 days, Tomoe-san.” (Seina)<br/>
“Got it. Then, I will have Lime help you with the moving tomorrow. I will leave empty spaces for the areas you decide, so decide with everyone. I will also prepare a place to put the things that you have brought out for the moving. You can put those things there. I have decided it will be in 5 days. Even if it rains, no, I will make it so no matter what happens, it will happen that day. Do your best.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“Uhm…” (Seina)<br/>
“What-ja? I want to return with Waka already.” (Tomoe)<br/>
Tomoe glances at the disastrous scene of Makoto.<br/>
But her face said that, rather than saving him, she wanted to join in. <br/>
“Does that mean, after 5 days, at night, there will be new rooms?” (Seina)<br/>
Seina just couldn’t feel this was possible yet.<br/>
Of course, this was the same for Tigu.<br/>
They couldn’t wrap their heads around how a building can be raised in the same day.<br/>
It is obvious that this is a remodeling method that only a select number of royals and nobles can take even in this world.<br/>
“Of course.” (Tomoe)<br/>
Tomoe says this as if nothing.<br/>
It looks like she really wants to just leave.<br/>
They could tell she is itching to.<br/>
They could even feel traces of childishness from it. <br/>
“Got it? Then, I will be passing you Lime tomorrow.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“Alright. Thank you for your hard work.” (Seina)<br/>
“We will be counting on you.” (Tigu)<br/>
“Good.” (Tomoe)<br/>
Tomoe passes by the side of the two, and leaves with quick steps outside.<br/>
At the back of where she was, in other words, at the outside of the window, there’s a whole lot of children combined with Makoto. A combination of 10 bodies, making a full armor god Makoto.<br/>
Seina and Tigu who were curious and got close to the window couldn’t hold back their laughter.<br/>
Advertisements<br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/>
We've received your report.<br/>
                        Thanks for your feedback!<br/>
Seen too often<br/>
Not relevant<br/>
Offensive<br/>
Broken<br/>
Report this ad<br/>
 