[Tsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Douchuu c342](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/08/31/tsuki-chapter-342-to-the-untrodden-path/)
<br/><br/>
“It really has been a while.” <br/>
The girl, who is moving around with only armor equipped and close to being empty-handed, was walking the circumference. <br/>
She is acting separately from her party members. <br/>
She is in the middle of her request, but she still hasn’t entered a dangerous zone. <br/>
You could say this can be considered a rest day because of her honed experience and instinct.<br/>
“Raidou-san said that there’s a special way of hunting around here…” <br/>
‘Is it that?’, Toa says as she catches several presences a few hundred metres ahead. <br/>
For her who has become the present peak of the assassin job, Shadowless, this kind of search explorations are her specialty.<br/>
The current her has pursued battle and investigation to the very limits, so she is outstandingly skillful. <br/>
Toa carefully erases her presence and deftly advances to the place she has pinpointed, and observes the slimes.<br/>
(Hmm, I see, I see. The most important part is to take out its core. By taking out the core without shaving off their gel part too much and crushing it…ooh, it really remains without melting away. The core may be an important material, but if there’s slimes in the wasteland that are edible, the world might change quite a lot…) (Toa)<br/>
While she was thinking that, she took a bit of distance, and tried out that same hunting method with a similar slime. <br/>
The first few were continuous failures, but she soon got the gist of it and managed to defeat a slime while leaving its ‘meat’.<br/>
The mamonos roaming around this area are of no threat to Toa. <br/>
For her, this is most likely like mowing the lawn. <br/>
“The weight isn’t that big of a deal. It can also enter…the magic bag. What’s left would be the taste, huh. If I remember correctly, it is in the menu of the city’s bar.” (Toa)<br/>
Toa remembers the story she heard once from her benefactor.<br/>
At that time, she didn’t know when she would be able to leave Tsige, but that chance came faster than she thought, so it made her chuckle. <br/>
Toa stealthily observed adventurers around B rank doing slime hunting at the same area as her. She was around that same level of strength at the time when she was at the base that is already gone, Zetsuya. Right now that difference is like comparing heaven and earth though.<br/>
But compared to Toa who had been overlapping one reckless action after the other, they were performing a request that was on their level and was plenty steady.<br/>
(Man, I am surprised that I am still alive. Now that I think back on it, me being on Zetsuya wasn’t a gamble, but suicidal.) (Toa)<br/>
It is a past that would make her cough, but Toa will by no means forget those times.<br/>
Self-admonishing your own shallowness is not something to be ashamed about.<br/>
You just have to not repeat them.<br/>
Toa slightly overlapped the image of those adventurers hunting slimes and her present self as she returned to the town after finishing her stroll.<br/>
It is to enjoy the famous slime dishes here since she has the chance.<br/>
She heads to the Adventurer Guild first to regroup with her party members. <br/>
“Heya, how was it, Toa?” <br/>
“I managed to do slime hunting in a pretty wide perimeter. It was fun.” (Toa)<br/>
“Was it on a degree that we could manage to do so as well?” <br/>
“Doesn’t seem to be any problems with that. But we still have to see if the ones of the wasteland can be eaten. After finishing this request and returning, let’s test it out.” (Toa)<br/>
“I hope it is tasty.” <br/>
“Yeah…” (Toa)<br/>
The one who greeted her at the guild was a party member of hers, the dwarf Ranina. <br/>
She was raising her hand from a table that’s surrounded by warriors.<br/>
There were people with heavy armor gathered there and it was creating a sweltering space at the left side of the entrance.<br/>
Right now the party Alpine that is composed of the comrades of Toa were doing an expedition from Tsige to Aion. <br/>
They got a designated request from the Merchant Guild of Tsige. <br/>
With the level and rank of Toa’s party, they could undertake requests normally, and they could just teach others how to hunt, but they have already accepted a request that took priority, and they have no intention of taking away the work of other adventurers, so the Alpine party isn’t taking requests in this place. <br/>
When she took another look, she saw that Hazal and Louisa had come to the Adventurer Guild as well.<br/>
They made a light agreement to gather before they go eat. They have probably already gone around the places they wanted to go, and have wrapped up their businesses. <br/>
There were people gathering at the place of Louisa and Hazal, just like Ranina.<br/>
It is rare to see top class adventurers, so the adventurers that are free would come check them out, try to sense something, or simply try to get closer to them.<br/>
This is the result of those many objectives.<br/>
But even if that’s the case, it is a bit too heated up.<br/>
While feeling this, Toa approaches the place of Ranina which she exchanged greetings with first.<br/>
“Isn’t it a bit too heated up here?” (Toa)<br/>
“They came here pestering me that it is for commemoration. I was updating my card with everyone, and it seems like we got a Job Change.” (Ranina)<br/>
“! That’s amazing! Who was it? Ranina? Hazal? Louisa?” (Toa)<br/>
A Job Change signifies great growth for an adventurer.<br/>
Toa’s party hadn’t gone to the Adventurer Guild for a while.<br/>
Today will be a celebration.<br/>
It was a gleeful surprise that merited a sudden change of plans like that.<br/>
“Hazal and I. Louisa is still the dark and quiet sniper, Twilight Eye.” (Ranina)<br/>
“Did you already change? How did your Skills feel?” (Toa)<br/>
“I did change, but I still haven’t tested anything yet. I would say that around tomorrow I will be doing it. This is an important moment, but rest is as important. That’s why I thought this was a good time.” (Ranina)<br/>
“…I see. So, what job was it?” (Toa)<br/>
“Mine is Quaker. It is apparently exclusive of dwarves. I have been choosing Jobs of priest warriors that can use Spirits, but this is my first time getting a race exclusive one, and there didn’t seem to be any problems, so I chose it without hesitation.” (Ranina)<br/>
“Exclusive to a dwarf… You didn’t change into a smith type of Job, right?” (Toa)<br/>
“Wahahaha! No! As if I can hold a hammer at this point! I will be walking the path of a warrior for the rest of my life. From what I saw with the Skill composition, I will be sturdier than before, and will specialize in fighting against a large number of enemies.” (Ranina)<br/>
“I look forward to that. And so, the adventurers are asking you about it?” (Toa)<br/>
“Yeah. Sorry but I ended up reserving a big restaurant for today. It is one of the few instances we get to celebrate, so please forgive me for that, Leader.” (Ranina)<br/>
“…Well, it can’t be helped. It should be okay. This time around, Tsige will be the wallet after all.” (Toa)<br/>
Toa then pauses and looks at a side.<br/>
“And so, what about Hazal?” (Toa)<br/>
“Ask the person himself.” (Ranina)<br/>
“…Eeh, do I have to go there? For some reason, there’s only women there though.” (Toa)<br/>
“Hazal looks like an easy prey after all! Despite his looks, he is a man that’s fitting for his rank though. He must be like Raidou -the kind of guy that suffers from the disparity in their ability and their atmosphere.” (Ranina)<br/>
“…Haah.” (Toa)<br/>
Being seen off by Ranina, Toa approaches the table where Hazal is waiting.<br/>
It is different from the other table, this one is a table where the scent of perfume is slightly strong.<br/>
Even though it is the table of a party member, for some reason, Toa was directed light hostility, and it made her wince. <br/>
But this is a joyful event for her comrade.<br/>
It is natural to congratulate him at the very least.<br/>
“I heard you got a rank up? Congratulations Hazal.” (Toa)<br/>
“Toa! Yeaah, I was shocked! Even though we haven’t been to the wasteland lately and haven’t gotten into trouble.” (Hazal)<br/>
“It seems Ranina has already decided but, how about you?” (Toa)<br/>
“Of course, I have decided. This time around, she and I only had one option after all. Astrologist; that’s my new job.” (Hazal)<br/>
“…Sorry, I can’t picture anything from that.” (Toa)<br/>
“Well, figures. On top of doing stuff on the same vector as before, I also have sturdy barrier Skills, and…a number of instinct-like Skills. The conditions are on the rough side, but I also have high firepower Skills. About the feel of it, we will fine tune it in the future.” (Hazal)<br/>
“Wow. It is amazing, but…that’s already on the spectrum of an all-rounder… You even have attack Skills. Your branch is alchemist, right…?” (Toa)<br/>
“Ahaha, yeah. I am the jack of all trades master of none, Hazal. Looking forward to working with you from here on as well, Leader. It seems like there have been instances of the jobs of Ranina and I appearing in the past, but there’s no living information of it. It looks like it is quite the rare thing.” (Hazal)<br/>
“I also want to graduate from Shadowless. Even though there’s apparently a higher level that’s Kagerou.” (Toa)<br/>
“How about updating it now since you are already here? You might unexpectedly become one.” (Hazal)<br/>
“Louisa’s one was also sudden after all… I should try and see.” (Toa)<br/>
“It would be a pain to celebrate Leader’s alone if it happens later, so please let it be now!” (Hazal)<br/>
“You put one word too many there, Hazal.” (Toa)<br/>
Within the adventurers that are still alive, Toa’s party is without a doubt ace level.<br/>
Of course, the chances of there being no information in the documents of the Guild regarding the Job they class up to are high.<br/>
It is finally at the stage where they have to face their own ability while fumbling around with no information beforehand.<br/>
But Toa who has had that resolve a long time ago has stayed as a Shadowless for a good while.<br/>
According to the records she checked with the Guild, there’s apparently just the name Kagerou with no further information aside from that.<br/>
“Hello. I apologize for the ruckus my comrades made here. Since I am already here, I want to update my card as well please.” (Toa)<br/>
Her comrades are growing into higher Jobs one after the other.<br/>
Toa was feeling as if she were being left behind.<br/>
But it is not like there has been a decisive moment or any enlightenment, so her expectations were low.<br/>
Even so, it is not like it takes money to update. <br/>
If they are going to be having a party, she wants to enjoy it as a target of celebration too.<br/>
It kinda felt bad to have them celebrate it later just for her even though it is not her birthday or anything, and that displeasure was made stronger after being told by Hazal.<br/>
“U-Understood!” <br/>
The receptionist does the procedures of the S Rank adventurer card, that’s rarely seen, with nervous countenance.<br/>
Now then, if the conditions have been met for the Job Change, the card will be turning red here. <br/>
Toa looked at the card she left at the tray with a pleading gaze.<br/>
“…Hm?” (Toa)<br/>
It was shining red.<br/>
But it was around her buttocks.<br/>
To be more precise, the blue dagger that she got back from the wasteland.<br/>
Even though it is normally a cold blue, that dagger that’s called Lapiz was releasing a red light. <br/>
And then…<br/>
“T-Toa-sama, you have become a candidate for a class up…” <br/>
The card began to shine red too.<br/>
It seems an irregularity is occurring. <br/>
But Toa first saw the red luster of the card and pumped her fist.<br/>
“So I have finally reached the doors of a Kagerou!” (Toa)<br/>
“N-No. You have two options. One of them is as you said, a Kagerou.” <br/>
“Eh?” (Toa)<br/>
“The other one is…Tobi…Kato?” <br/>
“Tobikato?” (Toa)<br/>
She repeated what the receptionist said, but her face was saying full force ‘what the hell is that?’.<br/>
“Yes, Tobikato. This is…! A completely unknown Job that hasn’t been registered in the Guild ever before!” <br/>
““?!?!?!””<br/>
The whole Adventurer Guild got noisy at the excited voice of the receptionist, and they turned their attention to Toa.<br/>
There were no few people who were following her actions to begin with, but right now all the guild was looking at Toa.<br/>
“Hnngh…the Kagerou Job was something I had been aiming for…! B-But the first ever seen Job of the guild is bothering me a whole lot…! I will…” (Toa)<br/>
“…You will…?” <br/>
*Gulp*<br/>
The throat of the receptionist rings.<br/>
“Leave it for another day.” (Toa)<br/>
““EEEEEEEEHHHHH?!””<br/>
“There’s no way I can decide it right here and now! I will think carefully about it after the party. Everyone, today we reserved a restaurant, but we will be having a slight change of plans! Let’s reserve a number of establishments and have them bring the food to someplace in the plaza! Today…we are partying big you all!!” (Toa)<br/>
““YAHOOOOOOOO!!””<br/>
Loud and high-pitched cheers were raised at the proposal of Toa, showing outstanding levels of harmony. <br/>
Alpine was having a party at a rural area of the Aion Kingdom.<br/>
 