[Tsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Douchuu c377](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/01/20/tsuki-chapter-377-evolution-awakening-of-ma-power/)
<br/><br/>
TLN: Double chapter today! Make sure you didn’t miss the previous one\~!<br/>
Sea Kings possess a special ability since birth.<br/>
I have heard about it from Serwhale-san, but because every single point of their race is filled with retortable stuff, the contents of it didn’t remain much in my mind.<br/>
Just like how an adventurer gets a Job and obtains special ability, a Sea King can achieve explosive growth from the experience they themselves accumulate. <br/>
The two that are standing upright with their head lowered, An and Chovy, reached the explosive growth of evolution while training the adventurers, and as a result, the anchovies of the whole world are coming in droves to Koran. <br/>
I see.<br/>
I don’t understand at all.<br/>
I can understand that it is bad that they are gathering from the whole world.<br/>
But why does it end up that way from evolving? <br/>
At times the adventurers would cut in and say weird stuff like the anchovies are like blades or short sharp arrows.<br/>
It would be one thing if I were able to use the magic words of ‘I see, so that’s how it is’ to just push it away, but it looks like it has surpassed the level where it is feasible to fish them, and it may turn into a catastrophe, so it feels like there will be a need to deal with it. <br/>
By the way, the reason why the two anchovy Sea Kings looked like the all-purpose tool -the crowbar- was because they had their heads lowered. <br/>
I will say this with all my might here: the body of an anchovy definitely doesn’t bend in such a way.<br/>
It is pointless to retort at this when they are standing on two legs to begin with, but I couldn’t not point out that way of bending. <br/>
“I see, so you became a king-like existence for the anchovies because of your evolution, but you didn’t notice that and activated your ability.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“It was a mistake from inexperience. Our familiars have already begun moving, and this may be embarrassing to say, but it won’t be stopping regardless of what we say.” <br/>
“But at that time the adventurers were getting to a pretty good part, and it felt as if the evolution couldn’t be helped anyways, so…you could say it was how things flowed.” <br/>
Looks like within all the excitement from fighting these strong opponents they consider their rivals, they reached a new evolution, and ended up using the highest summon ability they had in the spur of the moment. <br/>
The male one that is talking while mostly apologetic is An; full name: Andre Sus.<br/>
The female one that looks like a gyaru and is meekly leaned on An is being called Chovy in short; full name: Chovyre Pence. <br/>
By the way, the one who became red is An, the one who became black is Chovy. <br/>
The male being the flashier one I think is something that happens normally in the animal world.<br/>
“Fumu, Sea Kings are in nature the rulers of the sea, so when they grow, they can even obtain such powerful abilities, huh.” (Tomoe)<br/>
Tomoe being able to have a serious talk here is impressive. <br/>
The influential people of Koran have caught on to the fact that a troubling matter that surpasses a big catch is unfolding here, and it seems like they have thrown the matter to the Kuzunoha-sans who they normally rely on. <br/>
“We just awakened the ma powers, so we didn’t have a proper grasp of it… Once this situation gets resolved properly, I promise that I will devote myself to master it as soon as possible.”<br/>
“If it is with An, I can do my best\~. I also promise it. If there’s anything I can do, I will do anything.” <br/>
What’s ma power? <br/>
Is it some kind of power that’s different from magic power? <br/>
“Umu, leave it to us.” (Tomoe)<br/>
Tomoe?! <br/>
Aren’t you taking the job way too fast?! <br/>
“You have already thought of a countermeasure? As expected of Lord Waka and Tomoe-sama…” <br/>
Including me in that is troubling, you know.<br/>
“The Kuzunoha Company hasn’t formed a friendly relationship with the Sea Kings just for show. Waka-sama has resolved himself to become the bridge for the sea and land a long time ago. So, An-ja.” (Tomoe)<br/>
“Yes!” (An)<br/>
“What’s ma power-ja?” (Tomoe)<br/>
Oi, you don’t know either?<br/>
I don’t mind making me look bigger with some hearty words though. I have already prepared myself for that one after all.<br/>
“Excuse the lapse of mind. I ended up shortening it out of habit. It means Magnet Power, Tomoe-sama.” <br/>
“Magnetism?!” (Makoto)<br/>
It was that one?! <br/>
I ended up retorting. <br/>
Why magnetism when you are a sea species…? Geez.<br/>
Might as well evolve into a cyborg. <br/>
Why do Sea Kings have the term magnetism as if it were common knowledge? <br/>
“Magnetism…?”<br/>
“Magnetism… I see. That’s why the bodies of you two are embodying the N pole and S pole, huh. Ha! Sounds like an evolution that would make Shiki happy-ja no.” (Tomoe)<br/>
Red and black.<br/>
Aah.<br/>
No, is it really? <br/>
I think it was red and blue though…<br/>
“The one that attracts and repels, huh. It certainly does sound like something Shiki would like. Repulsion and attraction, was it?” (Makoto)<br/>
The love for studying that Shiki has is far above mine. <br/>
The other day, I don’t know where he reached, but he was mumbling about wanting a carbon nanotube. <br/>
According to my memories, it is some incredible fibre. <br/>
Shiki most likely knows about it in more detail and thus wants it. <br/>
If explained to Mio or the Arkes, they might be able to unexpectedly make stuff like that. <br/>
“It perplexed me when you were talking about this magne-something, but thanks to the explanation of Waka, even I could understand it. Learning that it is not something that should be dealt with immediately is really big.” (Tomoe) <br/>
“I am glad to know that I have been of help. So, what’s the countermeasure?” (Makoto)<br/>
“? Isn’t it simple? This is about how the school of anchovies that are coming here aiming for An and Chovy will be filling up the coastal waters, right?” (Tomoe)<br/>
“It is because it won’t just end with that that everyone is troubled, you know.” (Makoto)<br/>
“They are their familiars, so isn’t it just a matter of having them control their movements to a certain degree, and have these two go to them to greet them in order?” (Tomoe)<br/>
Ah.<br/>
“C-Could it be that you will use a gate for our mistake?!” (An)<br/>
An was using a tone as if saying this is too much of an honor as he stared at Tomoe.<br/>
Chovy was looking at this with worry, and the Birgit people were watching as if they couldn’t believe it. <br/>
Due to their relationship with Tuna and the Sea Kings, and from the exchange of just now, they must hold some degree of connection to the Mist Town. <br/>
Even so, as long as that place holds clear worth for them, there’s not much to worry. <br/>
It can’t be helped that new developments will occur to a certain degree when information is disclosed. <br/>
It should be safe to reveal to them that Tomoe and Mio are even higher than the top of the Asora Ranking. <br/>
“Well, it can’t be helped. It won’t go as far as being Waka himself, but I will accompany you guys. It feels like we will be going around quite a lot including the open sea-ja ga, but I won’t let you collapse in the middle of it, okay?” (Tomoe)<br/>
“Those words are wasted on us! Thank you very much!!” (An)<br/>
Looks like the problem of anchovies coming to Koran will be solved by our side teleporting to them and going around greeting them.<br/>
As for the people of Koran, they were saying ‘it seems like things are going well’ ‘damn, the Kuzunoha Company is the best’.<br/>
The Birgit party was showering us passionate gazes. <br/>
Well, the Birgit party is being sponsored by the Couple Company, so involving ourselves too much with them would go against the unwritten laws of merchants.<br/>
We will be staying a bit more in Koran, and when An and Chovy have calmed down, we will have them return to Tsige.<br/>
Looks like it would be best to keep in a corner of my mind that the Aion Kingdom might pull something at the sea.<br/>
If I remember correctly, someone in this party should have a job that specializes in the sea and is comparable to an army on their own.<br/>
The Aion Kingdom even tries to infiltrate the fan clubs of Tomoe and Mio, so who knows what they would even try to pull. <br/>
“Now then, people of Koran, a plan to resolve the problem of our Sea King friends has been reached.” (Tomoe)<br/>
““Ooooh…!””<br/>
“I heard that there have been preparations for a feast. Let’s have the remaining talk in a relaxed manner when we have loosened our mouths with liquor. For a better future as friends.” (Tomoe)<br/>
Tomoe directed her gaze at me and I nodded.<br/>
“I would be really happy to hear about the shipbuilding and fishing that has its eye further into the ocean directly from the mouth of Koran. Please let us and the companies you are close with help you. First…” (Makoto)<br/>
Giving some moderate lip-service, I summarize things and move with everyone including the people of Koran.<br/>
They seem to have a favorable view towards us, and aside from the anchovy matter, there wasn’t anything really noteworthy, and we managed to hear about a variety of requests and stuff.<br/>
Things regarding us directly, and even things that should be asked to Tsige. <br/>
Fortunately, An and Chovy moved Birgit away from us. <br/>
It would just bring unnecessary difficulties. I didn’t want them retorting here. <br/>
Our meeting and lunch took exactly 2 hours. Tomoe and the two Sea Kings had left for the sea. <br/>
Well then, I have bought souvenirs for Shiki and the students, so…it has been a while, but let’s go to Rotsgard.<br/>
 