[Tsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Douchuu c387](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/03/01/tsuki-chapter-387-clearer-than-day/)
<br/><br/>
I decided to help the two who were going to participate in some sort of food stall competition of the Batoma Company. Before being brought to their office, I went around checking the rice that’s coming to Tsige.<br/>
Some would be thin and long grains, others would be gigantic like a dango, there’s also some who are selling sham rice that’s clearly more like quinoa even though they are advertising it as rice; it was quite the chaotic market situation to the point that it made me wanna laugh.<br/>
I bought a number of the Asora breed that’s similar to the japonica rice <short brown grains> while accompanying Orosha, and arrived at the base of the Silly Company.<br/>
Hmm, it looks like they at least have the minimum required cooking equipment.<br/>
But if it is to develop something new, it is honestly unreliable. <br/>
They said there’s a good amount of food stalls, so they probably were thinking about steal—imitating and arranging the menus they think are good.<br/>
It is too cramped to begin from zero, and there’s not enough tools, but this cooking facility feels like the kind of place to somehow make-do even with all that.<br/>
“I didn’t know there was that much variety in rice-ssu.” (Orosha)<br/>
“There were even some who were selling things that were not rice despite being advertised as such.” (Makoto)<br/>
“About that, it is about whether you can judge it as so, I suppose. If it were a local specialty it would be one thing, but rice is a grain that was rarely seen and has only shown up recently.” (Orosha)<br/>
It could be that they got their hands on something similar since it seemed like it would sell, or got them believing the lies of someone else saying it is rice. <br/>
That does sound plausible.<br/>
Thinking about the standing of the people who bring stuff to Tsige, most don’t have leeway in their cargo. <br/>
If there’s space, they would jam something there too.<br/>
It is natural for them to put things that they themselves have knowledge of, but there’s times when it just can’t go that way. <br/>
…Rice is still being treated as a low priority cargo, so of course the state of it would be chaotic.<br/>
I think it would slowly get better if they were to have a proper talk with Lorel and procure rice from them, so I guess I should put my expectations there.<br/>
In the first place, leaving aside the fake ones, the ones that are a different kind have different cooking methods, and if they were to know that, the story would be different too. <br/>
For example; chinese fried rice, nasi goreng, fried rice. Quite a lot of variety. <br/>
For that part, I will have to look forward to the curiosity and desire to make new things of cooks.<br/>
Tsige doesn’t have a large scale library like Rotsgard, so the way to spread knowledge is restrictive too. <br/>
“Knowledge… If there were a library in Tsige too, it could make a difference…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Library?” (Orosha)<br/>
“It is a facility that gathers many books in one place like in Rotsgard.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Gathered books… I see, that’s interesting-ssu ne.” (Orosha)<br/>
“Well, can’t rely on something we don’t have. Now then, I will instruct you on the way to prepare rice.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Please do-ssu, Rai…ma-san!” (Orosha)<br/>
? <br/>
If I remember correctly, I was called Rama-san.<br/>
No, it was originally Raimagostock? Eh? Rama…mago…yeah, let’s just stop.<br/>
I will cook the four types I bought with the japanese process.<br/>
Judging from the state of the facility, I can’t do all 4, so I will do two at a time.<br/>
First will be the sweet corn that has the shape of rice.<br/>
The second one is like a japanese chestnut. <br/>
The third one is like fragrant wood.<br/>
Seriously?! This is sandalwood! <br/>
The scent is way too strong and it seems to be slightly sweet, but it didn’t really stay in my mind.<br/>
The fourth one was slightly soft, but it was rice without any traits. <br/>
As someone who has gotten used to eating rice, this rice that has almost no taste is…the one that resembles rice the most as of now, but I don’t know…<br/>
“The last one was the one that resembled it the most, but…I feel like there was no scent or taste.” (Orosha)<br/>
Looks like Orosha’s taste buds were mostly the same as mine.<br/>
The onigiri in Mio’s store cannot be made with this rice at all.<br/>
If I remember correctly, there’s a way to eat old rice, but…nope, can’t remember it. <br/>
In the first place, I don’t know if it lost flavor because it is old, or it tasted like this from the very beginning. <br/>
Maybe if we sprinkle salt and fill it in, we might be able to make something that resembles the onigiri?<br/>
“Yeah, the last one can narrowly be used in onigiri.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Wonder where Mio-san from the Kuzunoha Company gets her rice. At the very least, we now know that it isn’t going around in the market.” (Orosha)<br/>
I see.<br/>
The place of Mio does get rice pretty stably in Tsige.<br/>
Orosha must be thinking that there’s some place where she can stably get rice. <br/>
If he were to search, there would be eateries in Tsige that would use rice, but our place is the one that stands out the most. <br/>
“Lorel…” (Makoto)<br/>
Must be the place they say they get it. <br/>
I say that, but there’s currently no company that’s stably trading with Lorel directly. <br/>
I heard from Rembrandt-san that it was just after several business discussions that they are finally on the stage where they are beginning to move.<br/>
It is something pretty recent. <br/>
His way of saying ‘not yet’ felt like he was suggesting something there, so that must mean they are moving on the surface. <br/>
But it is still in the ‘not yet’ phase.<br/>
“It must be that place-ssu ka ne. It seems like the Kuzunoha Company-san is often using the Golden Highway and getting a massive amount of cargo, so does that mean there’s rice there as well?” (Orosha)<br/>
“…”<br/>
“Rama-san?” (Orosha)<br/>
Right, there was that. <br/>
Several wagons with giant cargos that stand out. <br/>
The inside would normally be completely empty or have fake bottoms. There hasn’t been a single time when those things have had any actual cargo. <br/>
“Aah, it is nothing. First let’s keep these four. There’s the option of resolving yourself and going to the place of Mio…-san to ask about the rice.” (Makoto)<br/>
“That’s super straight. Will it work?” (Orosha)<br/>
“If you want to sell them at the stations, you two won’t be competing that much, so there might be a chance.” (Makoto)<br/>
“As you can see, we are a company in name only, so we would go bankrupt if they were to demand money for the rights to use the rice.” (Orosha)<br/>
“Hahaha, leaving aside the jokes…” (Makoto)<br/>
“…”<br/>
“In the world of merchants, information is gold. If you were to bring one or two things of something, they might unexpectedly take an interest and listen to you.” (Makoto)<br/>
I don’t remember hearing about that unbelievable rice from Mio, and if I were to put in a word for him, I think they will at least give him some advice. <br/>
It is not like there would be a critical hit like the time with the butcher. <br/>
Honestly speaking, for the matter of the rice search, I can’t think of anything aside from secretly circulating the one of Asora.<br/>
For the rice cooking device, it will take a bit of time, but I will try talking with the eldwas. <br/>
If Asora were to be at the forefront…it would be the Hagma Special that allows you to get fluffy rice in just 30 minutes of putting it in.<br/>
It is so good that even people in the modern era would want it. <br/>
Mio says that when using that tool, it will always come at a 98, and never comes out as a full score, so it is no good.<br/>
Even with that, Mio still properly uses that tool for the store, so she is the type that can separate feelings and efficiency properly. <br/>
“Orosha! It was perfect on my side! Wait, hm? A customer? …?!” <br/>
“Ah, no, I am about to leave, so…your onigiri food stall…I will root for you that it will be successful. Farewell…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Ah, you are leaving already-ssu ka? Thanks for your help, Rama-san!” (Orosha)<br/>
“I will come back in around…3 days.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Got it-ssu.” (Orosha)<br/>
Leaving aside Orosha, his Big Bro most likely knows my face or my name, or both.<br/>
There’s no doubt the Big Bro is the one with the street smarts after all.<br/>
Also, I found something slightly interesting while on my way here. <br/>
That was most likely a youkyu <small bow toy>. <br/>
Also I think there was a ball bow which I don’t really know much about. <br/>
Let’s play a bit before going back.<br/>
◇◇◆◆◇◇◆◆◇◇◆◆◇◇◆◆<br/>
“Oi.” <br/>
“Welcome back, Bro Ets.” (Orosha)<br/>
“Oi oi oi oi oi!” (Ets)<br/>
“Aah…about Rama-san, right?” (Orosha)<br/>
“No matter how you look at him, that was Raidou!” (Ets)<br/>
“Well, you see, it is because Bro Ets said something that denied the good parts of rice completely in a loud voice as you left that he spoke to me.” (Orosha)<br/>
“Me?!” (Ets)<br/>
“He introduced himself with some weird name like Ramakoma-something, and I played along with it. He told me that he would cooperate with us.” (Orosha)<br/>
“Eh?” (Ets)<br/>
“He instructed me on how to cook rice and how to choose it-ssu. Well, it seems like there wasn’t one that clicked within these though.” (Orosha)<br/>
Orosha said this while throwing in the sweet corn and chestnut tasting rice into his mouth.<br/>
That attitude of his was aloof, and contrasted Bro Ets -actual name Essen- who was panicking about Raidou.<br/>
“…Does it taste good?” (Essen)<br/>
Essen seemed to be doubting it from the bottom of his heart. <br/>
“It is pretty good-ssu yo. It must have to do with the cooking method as well, but that person’s eye for this is really good-ssu.” (Orosha)<br/>
“It is that Raidou of the<br/>
 Kuzunoha Company<br/>
, you know! Of course he is an unbelievably talented person!” (Essen)<br/>
“He felt a bit different from a super talented person though.” (Orosha)<br/>
“What scheme brought him to get close to us?! Isn’t this the biggest trouble the Resily Company has had?! Batoma-san hates Raidou to death, you know?!” (Essen)<br/>
“No, Bro Ets. That’s old info-ssu yo. It seems like the Boss Batoma has been meeting the Rembrandt Company’s representative and left to stay someplace else. There’s rumors that something must have happened postwar.” (Orosha)<br/>
“…Seriously? Now that I think about it, I have only been thinking about the project recently, so I haven’t spoken to anyone aside from people related to that.” (Essen)<br/>
“Also…his daughter Ates…” (Orosha)<br/>
“Ooh, my angel!” (Essen)<br/>
The tension of Essen that was going up and down raised his hands up the moment he heard the name of Ates.<br/>
“…Please leave that for later-ssu. Anyways, I have heard that Ates-san has also been coming and going to the Kuzunoha Company.” (Orosha)<br/>
“Could it be that that guy…is using his money to… Unforgivable!” (Essen)<br/>
“Bro Ets, please keep a bit of sanity here-ssu. It is because of that that I think their relationship isn’t as bad postwar-ssu yo.” (Orosha)<br/>
“Orosha, you really are more the thinker type. Then, that means that we are not in a rock and a hard place at present, right?” (Essen)<br/>
“We have no choice but to move with that line of thought in mind-ssu. It felt like we might be able to obtain the cooperation of Mio-san. I will try showing up at the store one more time tomorrow-ssu. Rama-san did say that it might be good to be straight.” (Orosha)<br/>
“…I don’t understand. Why did Raidou go as far as using a fake name to cooperate with us? We are practically trash in the eyes of them, you know?” (Essen)<br/>
“It is scary that this isn’t just self-deprecation but the actual truth. I feel the same-ssu. At any rate, Bro Ets, have you obtained the container for the onigiri?” (Orosha)<br/>
“You could say that!! I had an encounter of sorts, you see! It was an instant decision! I also paid for it!” (Essen)<br/>
“…I have understood right at this moment that we cannot retreat anymore. And so, is that craftsman free?” (Orosha)<br/>
Even if he has spoken to a craftsman, depending on the guild or company they are affiliated to, they could retract it at a decisive moment. <br/>
The fear of Orosha was natural.<br/>
“Of course, I didn’t miss anything!” (Essen)<br/>
“What was their name?” (Orosha)<br/>
“Carol. It seems like she just recently came back from her travels. She is a woodworker, but she apparently has been acting as an adventurer with her little sister every now and then. She doesn’t compare to my angel, but I thought she was a pretty nice woman.” (Essen)<br/>
“Carol… It is true that her name doesn’t show up within the people that are problematic. As expected of Bro Ets, the maestro of good encounters-ssu!” (Orosha)<br/>
“Alright! I don’t understand, but I can tell in my pores that the flow has changed, Orosha! Let’s spread the name of Resily!” (Essen)<br/>
Essen and Orosha do a toast with water. <br/>
They simply didn’t want to waste gold so chose to do so with water, but if Raidou had seen that, he would have had a wry smile. <br/>
That’s because a toast with water is a show of resolve for separation in his eyes.<br/>
While those slight black clouds hung on them, a certain small company that would be sent flying if blown on them was going for an all-in gamble. <br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
 l <br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
 <br/>
 