<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Cooking with Wild Game - Volume Eleven</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="epilogue">
    <h1>Epilogue: <span epub:type="subtitle">Confession</span></h1>

    <p>“Huh! So the denizens of Forest’s Edge went to search for me in town every day!?”</p>

    <p>I asked Ai Fa inside a vacant house in the Wu clan village. Ai Fa who had changed into her Forest’s Edge attire nodded as she let down her blonde hair.</p>

    <p>I listened to a detailed report of the past five days in the Wu clan main house. Ai Fa was eager to go home, but Donda Wu ordered her to stay in the Wu clan village to prepare for the retaliation against the nobles.</p>

    <p>Aside from Darum Wu who was away, everyone had gathered in the Wu clan main house, even Grandma Jiba was up at this late hour. Rimee Wu didn’t take part in the search due to her tender age; she was laughing with tears in her eyes and refused to leave my side.</p>

    <p>The branch house members also took turns to visit the main house and left reluctantly… Dan Lutim even rushed over from the Lutim village, making this feel just like that wedding.</p>

    <p>“I’m very sorry, my father Dan was very worried about Asuta’s safety… However, I didn’t let him take part in the search in the Post Station Town, so he feels really melancholic.”</p>

    <p>After that, Kaslan Lutim told me quietly about these behind-the-scenes matters. Dan Lutim and Jiza Wu stayed behind in Forest’s Edge during this period and took charge of their kin.</p>

    <p>“Anyways, half of our kin visited the Post Station Town every day, so the burden on those staying behind was very heavy.”</p>

    <p>The men of the Wu kin were resting during the hunting offseason. But it would be reckless to send them all to the town, so 30 of each gender were chosen as the search team. The rest of the men guarded against possible enemy attacks and did household chores alongside the women.</p>

    <p>They also felt that the search wouldn’t proceed smoothly if only the brutish men participated since it was necessary to interact with the townsfolk and guards when investigating my whereabouts and the identity of the villains. So they came up with the method of pairing the men with women to avoid agitating the townsfolk while ensuring their own safety.</p>

    <p>And, of course, the one who formulated this plan was Kaslan Lutim. He then took part in the search of the Post Station Town as the delegate of the tribal chief Donda Wu.</p>

    <p>“I really can’t thank you enough…”</p>

    <p>I said quietly to her with all sorts of thoughts in my mind, but Ai Fa just said coldly: “What are you saying?”</p>

    <p>“If a tribemate is in danger, it’s only natural to render aid without reservation. Won’t you help the other tribemates if they are in danger too, Asuta?”</p>

    <p>“Of course, how can I not do so?”</p>

    <p>“Then don’t feel bothered by this. Just your thoughts of gratitude are enough.”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa flicked aside her loose hair with a calm expression.</p>

    <p>By the way, it was difficult for me to imagine the sight of 60 denizens of Forest’s Edge running around the Post Station Town from dawn till dusk. Was there really no friction or run-in with the guards and townsfolk?</p>

    <p>“There’s no problem. Our goal wasn’t to disrupt the public order of the Post Station Town; we just wanted to search for the whereabouts of you and the villains. In the beginning, the guards kept yammering that the denizens of Forest’s Edge should scram on back to Forest’s Edge, but after Donda Wu roared at them, questioning if they could find Asuta with just them alone, the guards backed off.”</p>

    <p>“Oh, I see…”</p>

    <p>“The kin of the Wu clan are also resting in the offseason, as Kaslan Lutim explained earlier. The other houses were also worried about Asuta, but they just had to perform their duties as hunters through gritted teeth. We then visited the Post Station Town on their behalf and strived to be acknowledged for this.”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa then sighed softly:</p>

    <p>“However, I didn’t prioritize my duty as a hunter. Fortunately, no one blamed me for that.”</p>

    <p>“Yes, I’m really…”</p>

    <p>“Annoying. You don’t need to apologize to me. And so… Aside from the guards, the townsfolk settled down after two days. Leina Wu’s efforts in running the stall probably played a part too.”</p>

    <p>“Oh, so Leina Wu and the others worked at the stall on the last day of my contract?”</p>

    <p>“No, they have been working every day since the day you got abducted. Their myam dish isn’t as tasty as yours, so they only sold 『Kiba burgers』.”</p>

    <p>The contract of my stalls ended three days ago. I never imagined that Leina Wu and the others actually signed a new contract with Milano Mast on the next day and started selling 『Kiba burgers』 by themselves.</p>

    <p>Most surprising of all, they even negotiated business with Neil and Naudiz and catered for their inns. They couldn’t replicate my cooking, so they only sold the kiba Tau sauce soup made by Leina Wu.</p>

    <p>“Asuta will definitely come back. That’s why we need to protect the relationship Asuta had built with the Post Station Town… Leina Wu seemed to have said that. After finishing her work, she also joined the search party.”</p>

    <p>“I see…”</p>

    <p>“…This could only be done by Leina and the others who are chefs. Leina Wu might be young, but she is very capable.”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa rested her chin on her propped up knee and said thoughtfully:</p>

    <p>“Anyway, we searched the entire area outside Genos city. We followed Kaslan Lutim’s plan; if the people in the city refuse to let us search inside the city, we can only show them that the villains aren’t hiding in the Post Station Town, farmlands or the Turan region.”</p>

    <p>“That’s amazing. Sixty people is a lot, but Genos is massive, right?”</p>

    <p>“Yes. But the faces of the villains have already been exposed, and they had prominent features. The guards appeared to be conducting their search diligently too, and we completed the search last night. We could finally say for certain that the villains are either in the city or have left Genos.”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa lowered her gaze as she said that, as if she was trying to conceal her face.</p>

    <p>She probably did so unconsciously. Her clenched fist was trembling, as if she was recalling the despair she felt back then.</p>

    <p>“As Kaslan Lutim said, no matter how suspicious Pyschkurewuss may be, we had no evidence and needed to find another way. There are some who think this is a conspiracy to bait the denizens of Forest’s Edge into breaking the law. Others opined that this was a trap set by someone like Geta, who holds a grudge against the denizens of Forest’s Edge and Pyschkurewuss.”</p>

    <p>After the truth was unveiled, it turned out to be the doing of Pyschkurewuss’ daughter.</p>

    <p>No one expected this from the young tyrant. Her actions were reckless and lacked foresight, so no one suspected such a foolish ploy.</p>

    <p>“…In any case, my original plan was for half the people to search outside Genos and the other half to head for the city. We were ready to not budge until the guards let us in.”</p>

    <p>That was when Geta showed up.</p>

    <p>In the morning, Geta waited at the road connecting the Forest’s Edge to the Post Station Town and relayed my message to Donda Wu.</p>

    <p>There were some who wanted to rush into the city since my location was known, while others felt they should prioritize the law; opinions were split between these two camps. As we were debating this, Zashuma arrived for his periodic report.</p>

    <p>“And that noble named Polarse was brought up for some reason. Who is he?”</p>

    <p>“Well… Zashuma called him the ‘last resort’. Kamyua Yost left instructions that if anything happened and Malfreed’s assistance was needed, he should look for that noble.”</p>

    <p>“Huh? So, aside from Malfreed, that man is an aristocrat who will help us?”</p>

    <p>“Yes. Zashuma wasn’t too keen on it either. But since Asuta returned home safely, that was the right choice.”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa said while in deep thought:</p>

    <p>“Speaking of which, he commented on Polarse with a phrase that is rarely used…”</p>

    <p>“What? That sounds serious.”</p>

    <p>“Ah, I remember.”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa clapped her hands, which wasn’t like her usual style.</p>

    <p>“This is what Zashuma said: ‘That man is unscrupulous in his pursuit of profits.’ This means he is only working to further his own ends, correct?”</p>

    <p>“Yes, it is normally used to describe being greedy in making money.”</p>

    <p>But that didn’t seem to fit that innocent looking young man at all. Was he after the tribute of the denizens of Forest’s Edge? But the wealth we could afford to give wouldn’t be worth the risk of earning Pyschkurewuss’ ire. Just what was he scheming?</p>

    <p>“Money, huh. No matter how valuable money is, it can’t be traded for lives of our precious tribemates.”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa leaned over as she said:</p>

    <p>“That’s all I want to say, do you understand?”</p>

    <p>“Yes. There are still many things that bother me, but let’s leave that for tomorrow.”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa stopped before me, tilted her head, and said: “Tomorrow?”</p>

    <p>“Asuta, what are you planning to do tomorrow?”</p>

    <p>“Well, Pyschkurewuss said he will apologize tomorrow afternoon, right? I can’t move around freely before this matter is wrapped up, but I wish to apologize to the innkeepers again.”</p>

    <p>“Alright, we just need to give a heads up to the tribal chiefs first. So… Let’s sleep early to prepare for tomorrow. Normally, we would have turned in by now.”</p>

    <p>Indeed, there was a commotion after the dinner at dusk, we then came back to the Forest’s Edge, made a detailed report at the Wu clan village, and got caught up in a banquet-like uproar… Four or five hours should have past since sunset. This was the first time I stayed up late like this in Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>“Alright, let’s turn in then. Erm… Ai Fa…”</p>

    <p>“What is it? If you want to apologize, I already told you there’s no need for that.”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa held onto my left arm tightly with pouting lips.</p>

    <p>“Protecting you was Shin Wu’s job. Shin Wu is the one who failed at his task, not you.”</p>

    <p>“Yes, but I promised you that I will return safely…”</p>

    <p>“Aren’t you back here, safe and sound now?”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa held on more tightly as she spoke.</p>

    <p>“Enough, don’t make me talk about my feelings so much. If I let down my guard… I will show my unsightly side.”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa then leaned against the wall while hugging my arm and rested her head on my shoulder.</p>

    <p>“Let’s sleep then.”</p>

    <p>“L-Like this?”</p>

    <p>“I don’t want to sleep apart from you tonight. Think of this as punishment for making me worry.”</p>

    <p>“Erm, that’s…”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa opened her eyes wide and looked at me as I answered her troublingly.</p>

    <p>“…But before that, there is something I have to do.”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa picked up her saber and got up slowly. There were anger and hostility in her eyes.</p>

    <p>“W-What’s the matter? Could it be…”</p>

    <p>“We have a guest. Asuta, stay sharp.”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa took large strides towards the entrance, passed the right side of Gilulu, who had curled up into a ball and slept, and took off the door bar crudely. She moved more hastily compared to Geta’s visit several days earlier.</p>

    <p>She said sharply into the darkness: “Retard, you still dare show your face before me?”</p>

    <p>I frantically rushed to Ai Fa’s side and looked at the visitor over her shoulder.</p>

    <p>There was a tall and slender cloaked figure standing quietly in the dark… It was Sanjura, who I had not seen these few days.</p>

    <p>“Long time no see, Asuta.”</p>

    <p>He took off his hood, revealing his easterner face and rarely seen combination of brown hair and reddish brown eyes.</p>

    <p>“You must be very angry. Before going to the guard house, I wanted to pay you a visit.”</p>

    <p>“The guard house? Are you going to turn yourself in and accept the punishment?”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa’s voice was filled with incredible rage.</p>

    <p>In contrast, Sangjura’s face had a gentle smile.</p>

    <p>“Crime… My sincere apologies; there’s something more important to me than law, and I prioritizing that.”</p>

    <p>“Enough talk, you madman. You… betrayed Asuta’s trust and friendship.” Ai Fa said quietly with her hand tightly on her hilt. “Asuta is at fault for trusting a man like you too, but that doesn’t excuse your sin of betraying Asuta.”</p>

    <p>“You can hate me. But I think, I made best choice. Moose will abduct Asuta, no matter what. If I didn’t help, Asuta might be in greater peril.”</p>

    <p>“Sangjura, are you Pyschkurewuss’… or Lifuria’s servant?”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa was blocking the entrance, so I could only speak over her shoulder.</p>

    <p>Sangjura nodded with a smile:</p>

    <p>“Yes. I serve, Pyschkurewuss. But… Lifuria, more important.”</p>

    <p>“Is that so… So you got close to me on Pyschkurewuss’ orders, right?”</p>

    <p>“Correct. Ten days ago, I was summoned from Banam. But my right hand hurt, so I got assigned to surveil on Asuta’s work.”</p>

    <p>Sangjura said as he raised his bandaged right arm over his head.</p>

    <p>“If right hand not hurt, I would be given more violent job. So I… stab my right hand first.”</p>

    <p>“What did you say? Just what are you thinking?”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa asked him angrily, and Sangjura answered with a smile:</p>

    <p>“I, only think of Lifuria. Making her wish come true, left bad memory for Asuta. I came to apologize.”</p>

    <p>“Why? Why is someone like you working for Pyschkurewuss…”</p>

    <p>“I, can’t defy Pyschkurewuss.”</p>

    <p>The corners of Sangjura seemed gloomy as he said that:</p>

    <p>“I also feel, Pyschkurewuss most hateful man in world. But, I cannot oppose. So, I decided to stop hating Pyschkurewuss and instead love Lifuria.”</p>

    <p>I didn’t understand at all.</p>

    <p>Sangjura shook his head gently and put on his hood again.</p>

    <p>“I want be questioned together with Moose. I, probably not sentenced to death. But… I made Pyschkurewuss lose face, so he must think I useless. And then, I want to live for Lifuria.”</p>

    <p>“What are you talking about? I don’t understand your actions at all! Since you hate Pyschkurewuss so much, you should cut off all ties with him! If you leave Genos, Pyschkurewuss can’t do anything to you, right?”</p>

    <p>Sangjura seemed to be smiling under his hood.</p>

    <p>It was the incredibly gentle smile that I really liked.</p>

    <p>“No one, believe me anyway. As I said, Pyschkurewuss won’t acknowledge me either. Asuta, sorry for doing something so terrible to you.”</p>

    <p>At this moment, several figures appeared around Sangjura.</p>

    <p>Sangjura didn’t even look at them and said calmly:</p>

    <p>“I, am Pyschkurewuss’ son. Lifuria, is my sister from a different mother. So… I can’t cut ties with him.”</p>

    <p>“What…”</p>

    <p>“I, will go to the guard house. I ask the denizens of Forest’s Edge, not direct your hate towards Lifuria. I, wish no harm on the denizens of Forest’s Edge. I, like your pure souls.”</p>

    <p>“…Being liked by a man like you will only bring us trouble.”</p>

    <p>Someone standing behind Sangjura barked angrily.</p>

    <p>It was Ludo Wu.</p>

    <p>Shin Wu and two youths walked out from the shadows of the night. They were the escorts who guarded me five days ago.</p>

    <p>“Don’t say that you are going to the guard house, aren’t you here to wreak havoc? We won’t take it lying down this time.”</p>

    <p>“…I, don’t want conflict with you.”</p>

    <p>Sangjura removed the sheath at his waist and tossed it to Shin Wu’s feet. Ludo Wu clicked his tongue and stomped the ground.</p>

    <p>“Tie his hands up and bring him to see my father before taking him to the guard house in town. Asuta, Ai Fa… Sorry, but can you lend us your wagon?”</p>

    <p>And then, Sangjura was escorted away by Ludo Wu’s group and disappeared from our sight.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa then sighed in relief and banged on the door.</p>

    <p>“Just what kind of person is that man? I can’t trust him after all.”</p>

    <p>“But…”</p>

    <p>“Enough about that. Since he is the one responsible for your abduction, he is an enemy.”</p>

    <p>Her rage had subsided, but Ai Fa was still looking at me agitatedly.</p>

    <p>“Don’t sympathize with him. Asuta, at least for the time being, we will walk different paths from that man.”</p>

    <p>“For the time being, huh.”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa had her own views too.</p>

    <p>She pouted exaggeratedly and then embraced my left arm again.</p>

    <p>“We will worry about that tomorrow! And now, we will sleep!”</p>

    <p>“Uwah!”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa pulled at me mercilessly, and I fell directly onto the floor.</p>

    <p>But Ai Fa didn’t let go, and her blonde hair that had a sweet scent spread all over my chest.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa’s warmth, Ai Fa’s weight.</p>

    <p>I could feel the rough texture of the kiba hide beneath me. The dim light from the candle stand and the exposed wooden ceiling. I have returned to the Forest’s Edge… This feeling spread slowly across my entire body.</p>

    <p>“I loved my beloved father, but Asuta is with me now.”</p>

    <p>A while later, Ai Fa said with a voice without any inflection:</p>

    <p>“He might have a detestable father, but Sangjura also has a cute sister, so he isn’t too pitiful.”</p>

    <p>Ai Fa muttered and seemed to have closed her eyes. Finally, a voice that was barely audible went right into my heart:</p>

    <p>“Everyone needs someone they can rely on. With someone like that… they can live strongly through any hardships.”</p>

    <p>I replied quietly: “That’s right.”</p>

    <p>I couldn’t resist the urge to put my right hand on Ai Fa’s head. Ai Fa moaned happily and rubbed her cheeks against my chest.</p>

    <p>And so, these five long days finally ended.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>