<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="prologue">
    <h1>Prologue</h1>

    <p>One night, I had a dream after a long time.</p>

    <p>A dream when I slept really soundly, and dreamt about things I had long forgotten.</p>

    <p>And when I woke up, I would have no memory about them.</p>

    <p>When I occasionally remember the scenes in my dream, it would have already ended.</p>

    <p>In my dream, I was still a child in elementary school.</p>

    <p>Dad watched TV as he drank beer and cheered for his favourite baseball team.</p>

    <p>Mother cut some sort of vegetable in the kitchen, probably onions.</p>

    <p>Our family runs a restaurant, so this must be the off day that happens once a week. If not for this, it was impossible for our entire family to be around for dinner.</p>

    <p>It was a family scene commonly seen in Showa period dramas.</p>

    <p>I wasn’t interested in baseball, and asked Dad during the commercials:</p>

    <p>「Dad, your culinary skill is better, but why is mother always the one cooking dinner when we are home?」</p>

    <p>「Damn it, you—」</p>

    <p>Dad leaned in close in a panic:</p>

    <p>「Why are you saying this all of a sudden? What if your mother hears this?」</p>

    <p>「That’s why I’m asking so softly… Why?」</p>

    <p>「You… Asuta, do you dislike the meal cooked by your mother?」</p>

    <p>「No, I like it.」</p>

    <p>The six years old me shook my head firmly.</p>

    <p>I was a likeable child back then, even I myself thought so.</p>

    <p>「But I like the dishes prepared by Dad more, because your food is the most delicious.」</p>

    <p>A line that I would never say now.</p>

    <p>Also because I have lost the person who I could compliment.</p>

    <p>「Well… Because I’m a professional chef… My job is to cook delicious meals…」</p>

    <p>Dad had a troubled and complicated expression. He was just past 30 back then.</p>

    <p>He was probably wondering if he should deal out judgement with his fists after hearing my answer. But after hearing a six years old give such an answer, he stayed his hand and admit his defeat.</p>

    <p>「By the way, you have been eating the food I cooked everyday, right? Don’t you want to eat mother’s home cooked meal once a week?」</p>

    <p>「I didn’t say I don’t want to, I’m just curious.」</p>

    <p>The match had started on the television.</p>

    <p>But Dad was still facing me, with his arms crossed and troubled.</p>

    <p>「Your thinking is still wrong. When we’re home, mother should cook.」</p>

    <p>「But why?」</p>

    <p>「You ask me why… Because I’m a chef.」</p>

    <p>Dad said with a stern face:</p>

    <p>「The chef’s job is to cook for customers, and cooking for a family is a mother’s job.」</p>

    <p>「Hmm…?」</p>

    <p>I was just six and didn’t fully understand the significance behind his words.</p>

    <p>Since his words appeared in my dream in this way, that means it left an impression on me.</p>

    <p>One year later, my mother passed away. I said in tears:「I wish I can taste my mother’s cooking a little more.」</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>