<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Chapter 6: The Night of Blessing</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter">
    <h1>Intermission: <span epub:type="subtitle">Wu Clan’s Youngest Daughter</span></h1>

    <p>On the 25th day of the yellow month, Rimee Wu encountered that foreigner for the first time.</p>

    <p>That morning, Rimee Wu completed her chores at the water source, then ran on the flat yellow path towards the Fa house. It was rare for her to not have any chores before the sun reached the middle of the sky, so she got permission from her mother to go out, and charged out of the Wu clan village.</p>

    <p>As Ai Fa had to complete the chores at her place alone, she was much busier than Rimee Wu. Ever since Ai Fa’s father Gill Fa passed away two years ago, it was hard for Rimee Wu to meet her.</p>

    <p>When was the last time she met Ai Fa?</p>

    <p>Maybe it had been about ten days.</p>

    <p>Just the thought of seeing Ai Fa after such a long time brought a smile naturally to Rimee Wu’s face.</p>

    <p>However — the Fa House was empty.</p>

    <p>Was she washing up for last night’s dinner at the water source? Rimee Wu made a trip to the water source, but Ai Fa wasn’t there.</p>

    <p>Did the Tsun clan abducted her? — Rimee Wu felt a strong sense of uneasiness, and went to the house closest to Ai Fa’s place to knock. She remember that this was the Fou house.</p>

    <p>「Excuse me! I’m Rimee Wu from the Wu clan! Is anyone home?」</p>

    <p>Someone pulled open the door slowly, and a skinny woman who didn’t look well poked her head out.</p>

    <p>「What’s the matter? Why is someone from the Wu clan here at the Fou house…?」</p>

    <p>「Sorry! I’m looking for Ai Fa, do you know where had she gone off to?」</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu had met this woman a few times.</p>

    <p>But now, her figure was frailer than what Rimee Wu remembered, and her eyes had turned so sad.</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu remember that she was always carrying a baby the previous time they met.</p>

    <p>The Wu clan also have a baby named Kota, but the baby in this lady’s arms was smaller than Kota.</p>

    <p>That baby was too little… anyone who see the baby would worry, wondering if the baby would be able to grow up properly.</p>

    <p>「Ai Fa, huh… Ai Fa went into the forest early in the morning…」</p>

    <p>The woman who was really skinny answered in a weak voice.</p>

    <p>「Forest? She went in so early?」</p>

    <p>「Yes… She brought that foreigner no one knew with her…」</p>

    <p>「Foreigner…?」</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu didn’t know what that means.</p>

    <p>She could see countless foreigners by going to the post station town, but they wouldn’t take a single step into Forest’s Edge. The people there were afraid of the kiba and Forest Edge’s denizens who hunt kiba, as if they were monsters.</p>

    <p>「What do you mean by foreigner? What is Ai Fa doing with someone like that?」</p>

    <p>「I don’t know either… Ai Fa and that foreigner were walking in the Forest’s Edge settlement last evening too…」</p>

    <p>「… Hmm?」</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu was confused, but it was better to ask Ai Fa directly. So she bowed and thank that woman.</p>

    <p>「Thank yo! I will wait for Ai Fa to come back at the Fa house!」</p>

    <p>「Ah… Sorry… Is Ai Fa still refusing to marry into the Wu clan…?」</p>

    <p>「Huh? Yes… what about it?」</p>

    <p>「In that case… You are a part of the Wu clan, so it’s better for you to not get involved with her, right…?」</p>

    <p>A glimmer of life appeared within the woman’s lifeless eyes.</p>

    <p>「The eldest son of the Tsun clan was loitering around the Fa house… If the Tsun clan and Wu clan clashes, it will lead to the destruction of Forest’s Edge…」</p>

    <p>「This has nothing to do with me or Ai Fa!」</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu yelled, and that woman showed a frightened expression and shirked away.</p>

    <p>This woman was fearful of the two most powerful clans in Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>So she didn’t want anything to do with Ai Fa who was on bad terms with both the Tsun and Wu clans.</p>

    <p>And that was why Ai Fa was ostracized.</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu felt a little sad. She nodded at the woman and said 「Good bye」.</p>

    <p>But that woman spoke again:</p>

    <p>「Please wait… I couldn’t help being a busybody, but not just Ai Fa, the Wu clan shouldn’t get involved with that foreigner either… You should check with your clan head properly first…」</p>

    <p>The image of her father Donda Wu, the Wu clan head appeared in Rimee Wu’s mind.</p>

    <p>Donda Wu did mention quite often to 「not get involved with foreigners」. Rimee Wu basically wouldn’t leave Forest’s Edge, so she had no chance to meet foreigners. Hence, she didn’t know how serious the taboo was.</p>

    <p>If Rimee Wu made the wrong judgement, her family might forbid her from interacting with Ai Fa.</p>

    <p>She didn’t want that to happen.</p>

    <p>… I just want to get along with Ai Fa…</p>

    <p>And now, even Ai Fa wants to break off relations with Rimee Wu.</p>

    <p>Her reasons were the same as what that woman said earlier.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa was on terrible terms with the Tsun clan, so the Wu clan shouldn’t have any relations with her.</p>

    <p>And Ai Fa even refused to marry into the Wu clan.</p>

    <p>They weren’t on hostile terms, but Rimee’s father couldn’t care less about Ai Fa after this incident.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa marrying into the Wu clan — it felt really unreal to Rimee back then, so she didn’t think it matters much when Ai Fa turned down the proposal. But now, no one wish to see Rimee Wu continuing to get along with Ai Fa, which troubles her a lot.</p>

    <p>「Ah…」</p>

    <p>The woman from the Fou house gasped softly.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa and an unfamiliar foreigner was walking along the path before their eyes.</p>

    <p>On their shoulder was a krilee stick, and a large kiba was hanging on it.</p>

    <p><i>She hunted a kiba so early in the morning,</i> Rimee Wu was in awe, and concentrated on observing that foreigner.</p>

    <p>Foreigner — He was indeed one through and through.</p>

    <p>He had black hair and eyes, and compared to western people, his skin was yellowish ivory.</p>

    <p>He looked young, and should be around Ai Fa’s age.</p>

    <p>His clothes was strange. Both his clothes and shoes were white, with only the skin on his face and hand exposed. He also wrapped a white piece of cloth around his head.</p>

    <p><i>How should I say this… He looks really weak.</i></p>

    <p>Even though the two of them was carrying the kiba, that foreigner looked out of breath and had unsteady footsteps, as if he would fall with just a slight poke.</p>

    <p>But — That foreigner seemed to be in high spirits.</p>

    <p>His face lacked any distinct features and was as pale as the people in the city. But his black eyes were strong and shining.</p>

    <p>Only his eyes were different from the people in the city.</p>

    <p>That might be so, but he didn’t look like someone from Forest’s Edge either.</p>

    <p>The foreigner was different from any person she had seen, and had a strange aura about him.</p>

    <p><i>Never mind… He doesn’t seem to be a bad guy…</i></p>

    <p>But he was still a person from the city.</p>

    <p>Forest’s Edge denizen and the people of Rock city didn’t get along.</p>

    <p>Why was such a person acting together with Ai Fa? Rimee couldn’t understand.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa and the foreigner didn’t notice Rimee and company, and disappeared from their sights.</p>

    <p>「Did you see that? There had never been a foreigner in Forest’s Edge before, this might be an ominous sign…」</p>

    <p>「In that case, I have to help Ai Fa!」</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu crossed her arms and lowered her head in deep thought. But no matter how she thought, she couldn’t find an answer.</p>

    <p>She was just eight and her capabilities were limited. She didn’t even know what she could say or do to help. She needed to find out about taboos related to foreigners after all.</p>

    <p>Although she made the trip here, she had to return home without even speaking with Ai Fa, which felt like a pity to Rimee Wu. But she couldn’t find any other way even if she stayed.</p>

    <p>The woman from house Fou showed a worried expression, and returned the way she came when Rimee Wu bade her farewell.</p>

    <p>「Hmm? Rimee, where did you run off to?」</p>

    <p>When Rimee Wu returned to the Wu clan village, her third brother Ludo was loitering lazily in the plaza.</p>

    <p>Even though the men didn’t have any work before noon, Ludo Wu always got up early.</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu ran all the way back from Fa house, and she grabbed her brother’s arm with ragged breath.</p>

    <p>「I want to ask you! I think a foreigner is staying in the Fa house! What should I do?」</p>

    <p>「… Ah? What are you saying?」</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu didn’t know how to explain either.</p>

    <p>But she told everything she saw this morning and everything she heard to Ludo Wu.</p>

    <p>「I don’t really know either, but why is that woman Ai Fa getting involved with a foreigner… By the way, you haven’t broken ties with that woman yet?」</p>

    <p>「Of course! Ai Fa and I will be friends forever!」</p>

    <p>「Right. Whatever. Anyway, if you want to solve the problem about that foreigner, you have to tell father about this. If Rock city is related to that man, it would violate a serious taboo.」</p>

    <p>「… Ai Fa has to obey that weak man because of that?」</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu looked up at Ludo Wu with a desperate face. Ludo then scratched his yellowish hair and said: 「What nonsense are you saying?」</p>

    <p>「That woman is very self centered, and didn’t even want to care about our father and the Tsun clan. It’s impossible for her to listen to the people from the city. She probably grabbed someone from the city to work for her…? That didn’t make sense either.」</p>

    <p>「That’s true. What is Ai Fa doing with a man from the city? I have been wondering about this since just now, but I couldn’t find the reason.」</p>

    <p>「Hmmp… but she can only rely on the people from the city now, right? She made enemies with both the Wu and Tsun clan, and the other people all fear her and kept their distance.」</p>

    <p>「The Wu clan is not Ai Fa’s enemy!」</p>

    <p>Even though Rimee Wu was shouting angrily, her mean brother just shrugged and ignored her.</p>

    <p>「Even if she isn’t our enemy, she still refused to marry into our clan. We can’t have any relations with her now. No matter how much you scream, we won’t go rescue an outsider.」</p>

    <p>「I don’t want to talk to you anymore! Ludo is a brat! Dummy!」</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu stamp her foot angrily and ran into the house.</p>

    <p>「You are the brat!」 Rimee Wu heard her brother yelling behind her and pulled open the door.</p>

    <p>She didn’t see her father.</p>

    <p>He was probably still sleeping. In the room was her eldest brother Jiza Wu and his wife Sati Lei Wu. They were chatting softly with their son Kota Wu sleeping between them.</p>

    <p>「Ara, what’s the matter Rimee?」</p>

    <p>Sati Lei Wu shooked the cradle made from woven grass and smiled at Rimee.</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu was so anxious that she didn’t even take off her shoes. She sat down before the three of them.</p>

    <p>「I want to ask you! I think a foreigner have moved into the Fa house! What should I do?」</p>

    <p>Her eldest brother Jiza Wu was scarier than her father Donda Wu.</p>

    <p>However, her brother was more adamant on following the rules of Forest’s Edge than anyone else. At a time like this, her brother should be able to tell Rimee what she and Ai Fa should do.</p>

    <p>But — when her brother heard Rimee’s explanation, his words was hard for Rimee to accept.</p>

    <p>「Rimee, don’t come into contact with the people from the village as much as possible. Before that foreigner leaves, don’t go near the Fa house.」</p>

    <p>「But why? If that foreigner is a bad guy, won’t Ai Fa be in danger!?」</p>

    <p>「Be it the people from the city or the denizens of the forest, they won’t fall into danger if they obey their respective laws. Since the head of the Fa house claims to be a hunter, she won’t lose to the people from the city.」</p>

    <p>「But…」</p>

    <p>「The head of the Fa house must have thought it through before bringing a man from the city into the settlement. If there isn’t any problems, then no one can blame her actions. But if you get involved and upset their relationship, then the head of the Fa house would need to take responsibility for any problems that arises.」</p>

    <p>Jiza’s face remained calm as he explained.</p>

    <p>「So Rimee, you shouldn’t get involved.」</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu couldn’t agree at all.</p>

    <p>But Donda Wu who appeared later only said: 「Don’t get involved with foreigners.」</p>

    <p>Donda Wu looked displeased, she was lucky that he didn’t ask Rimee to break off relations with the Fa house. Rimee Wu didn’t argue with her father.</p>

    <p><i>Why isn’t anyone worried about Ai Fa?</i></p>

    <p>That was what saddens Rimee Wu the most.</p>

    <p>Two years ago, the Wu clan once asked Ai Fa to marry into their clan.</p>

    <p>Before that, only Rimee Wu and the grand elder Jiba Wu had interacted with Ai Fa before. But when Donda Wu heard that Ai Fa harshly punished the eldest son of the Tsun clan, he jokingly said he want Ai Fa to be wed to his second son Darum Wu.</p>

    <p>It was sudden, but no one objected to this. Only Jiza Wu appeared unhappy about this.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa lost all her family at the age of 15, and also had a falling out with the Tsun clan that rules Forest’s Edge. Everyone sympathizes with Ai Fa’s circumstances and would be happy to see this forthright and strong woman marry into the clan — Most of them was supportive of this.</p>

    <p>For Rimee Wu, Ai Fa was her childhood playmate, and she becoming family made her feel bashful and uneasy. At this time, Jiba Wu couldn’t walk too well and couldn’t visit Ai Fa. As everyone thinks this wasn’t a bad idea, she agreed to this proposal.</p>

    <p>However — Ai Fa turned down the marriage. She said she will become the head of the Fa house, and make a living through hunting.</p>

    <p>When Rimee Wu heard her say that, she felt relieved.</p>

    <p>When Ai Fa’s father Gill Fa was still alive, he often brought Ai Fa into the forest as a hunter to assist him. Ai Fa looked very happy back then, and Rimee Wu couldn’t imagine her abandoning her work as a hunter and becoming a housewife.</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu was just six, and couldn’t organize her thoughts too well. But when she heard that Ai Fa turned down the marriage, her feeling of relief outweigh that of regret.</p>

    <p>They might not be relatives, but Rimee Wu still treasure Ai Fa deeply.</p>

    <p>She hope they could maintain the relationship they had.</p>

    <p>But Ai Fa changed.</p>

    <p>She said that she was on terrible terms with the Tsun clan and shouldn’t have any relations with the Wu clan, and kept her distance from Rimee Wu.</p>

    <p>And her family also lost interest in Ai Fa.</p>

    <p>When they heard that Ai Fa turned down the marriage proposal, some people felt angry or disappointed. Everyone slowly stopped talking about her.</p>

    <p>Even though she didn’t become a member of the Wu clan, her circumstances remained the same — she didn’t have anyone to rely on and was an enemy of the chief clan. Ai Fa survived alone, but no one sympathized with her or felt sad for her.</p>

    <p>Only herself and Jiba Wu had the right to call themselves Ai Fa’s friend.</p>

    <p>But Jiba Wu couldn’t walk anymore.</p>

    <p>So only she could stay by Ai Fa’s side now.</p>

    <p>With this in mind, Rimee Wu kept visiting the Fa house no matter how cold Ai Fa treated her.</p>

    <p>This carried on for two years — and then, that foreigner appeared.</p>

    <p>Just who was that foreigner?</p>

    <p>Even though her father and elder brother told her not to go near the foreigner, she couldn’t just stand idly by and watch. So she had been running to the Fa House every day since she first saw that foreigner.</p>

    <p>If they didn’t notice her when Rimee Wu goes near their house, it won’t be a problem.</p>

    <p>And Donda Wu and her brother only warned Rimee Wu not to go near the foreigner, so she wanted to wait until Ai Fa and that foreigner was apart before grabbing Ai Fa and questioning her.</p>

    <p>But that chance never came.</p>

    <p>Be it morning or night, they always stick together like glue.</p>

    <p>When the sun reaches the middle of the sky, Ai Fa would head into the forest alone to hunt. It was a good chance, but Rimee Wu have chores at home during this time.</p>

    <p>Time flies, and before Rimee Wu could take any action, five days passed in a flash.</p>

    <p><i>It’s getting late too…</i></p>

    <p>It was getting dark outside, Rimee Wu was running fast.</p>

    <p>She had to help her family tan hides, so she was held back much later tonight.</p>

    <p>She wouldn’t be able to make it for dinner now, and her father would definitely yell at her. But even so, Rimee Wu wouldn’t be able to sleep soundly if she didn’t check on Ai Fa.</p>

    <p><i>What does Ai Fa plan to do with that foreigner?</i></p>

    <p>After observing the two of them, she realized the atmosphere between them wasn’t sinister.</p>

    <p>They might fight at times, but neither side seemed to be angry for real.</p>

    <p>Even so, she still didn’t know why Ai Fa let that foreigner stay at her place.</p>

    <p>Was that foreigner trying to take Ai Fa as his wife?</p>

    <p>Was that why he barged into Ai Fa’s place?</p>

    <p>But if Ai Fa wasn’t willing, she wouldn’t let him into her home. But if she was willing, she would probably take other actions. At the very least, Ai Fa didn’t trim her long hair that symbolizes a unwed woman, or wore a long dress that covered her entire body.</p>

    <p><i>… I don’t want Ai Fa to leave Forest’s Edge…</i></p>

    <p>That’s what worries Rimee Wu the most.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa had broken ties with the all the denizens of Forest’s Edge. Only Rimee Wu and Jiba Wu think of Ai Fa as a friend. But now, she wanted to break off relations with the two of them too.</p>

    <p>Could she really live on alone?</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu couldn’t imagine that.</p>

    <p>So if Ai Fa grew tired of Forest’s Edge and wanted to head towards a faraway land, it wouldn’t be a surprise.</p>

    <p><i>All that matters is that Ai Fa is happy…</i></p>

    <p>But she didn’t want to say goodbye to Ai Fa forever.</p>

    <p>She didn’t want this to be goodbye while they grew further and further apart.</p>

    <p>That was probably why Rimee Wu visited the Fa house every day.</p>

    <p>Like what Ludo Wu and Jiza Wu said, she didn’t think Ai Fa would be defeated by a weakling from the city. But Ai Fa might abandon Forest’s Edge and elope with the foreigner — As Rimee Wu couldn’t wipe away this feeling of unease, she had to confirm Ai Fa’s presence everyday.</p>

    <p>When the sun shifted to the west of the forest, Rimee Wu arrived at Ai Fa’s place.</p>

    <p>She sighed in relief when she saw the candle light through the window.</p>

    <p><i>Great… She’s still here.</i></p>

    <p>She just needs to make sure she was safe, then she could go home for the day. Rimee Wu thought as she approached the window with quiet movements.</p>

    <p><i>Ah…!</i></p>

    <p>When she reached the window, Rimee Wu almost gasp in shock.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa was having dinner with that foreigner.</p>

    <p>That foreigner — was wearing Forest’s Edge clothing.</p>

    <p>He had a white cloth wrapped around his head and wore white clothes. But clothes from Forest’s Edge was definitely draped on his body! Those were clothes Gill Fa wore when he was alive.</p>

    <p><i>Does this mean Ai Fa had accepted this foreigner into the Fa house? Is this foreigner going to become Ai Fa’s husband?</i></p>

    <p>Unease and doubt suddenly filled Rimee Wu’s heart.</p>

    <p>This meant that this foreigner was compatible with Ai Fa? She felt confused and uneasy about this.</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu tried her best to make herself taller, and peeked at the two of them through the window.</p>

    <p>She was good at keeping her presence hidden, even the sharp Ai Fa had never detected her before.</p>

    <p>The two of them seemed to be quarreling.</p>

    <p>「Eehhh, but why? Are you still bearing a grudge over what happened this afternoon?」</p>

    <p>The foreigner couldn’t keep his voice down.</p>

    <p>Aside from his pale skin, there wasn’t any distinct features on his face.</p>

    <p>His body was as slender as a woman, which was similar to the people in the city. So that wasn’t really distinct either.</p>

    <p>But his black eyes were still sparkling and appeared rather forceful.</p>

    <p>What strange eyes.</p>

    <p>Even though his eyes were sparkling, there was a hint of unease in them.</p>

    <p>His eyes were as gentle as a woman and as strong as a man, so it was hard to categorize him.</p>

    <p>However — Rimee Wu didn’t hate his eyes.</p>

    <p>「What happened this afternoon…? Ah, you mean that mean thing you did to me because you got too caught up? I already forgot about that.」</p>

    <p>Ai Fa answered in a quiet voice.</p>

    <p>What was that mean thing? Rimee Wu tilted her head confusedly, and the expression of the foreigner changed drastically. His face was panicky just now, but it turned into surprise.</p>

    <p>「You forgot… Then why won’t you tell me what you think?」</p>

    <p>「Shut up! I don’t want to talk about it, that’s why!」</p>

    <p>Ai Fa suddenly yell loudly, surprising Rimee Wu.</p>

    <p>The foreigner seemed shocked too.</p>

    <p>That foreigner has an expressive face, so it was easy to tell what he was thinking.</p>

    <p>But Ai Fa’s face was even more obvious.</p>

    <p>Her face was blushing for some reason, and she was lowering her head a little and covering her face with the wooden plate in her hands.</p>

    <p>The foreigner was sitting opposite Ai Fa, and probably couldn’t see her expression. But Rimee Wu was observing them from the side, so she could see very clearly.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa — was showing a bashful face.</p>

    <p>「Enough! Stop looking at me!」</p>

    <p>Ai Fa usually wouldn’t show her expression to others.</p>

    <p>Be it happiness or sadness, it was possible to see some hints from Ai Fa’s brows and eyes, but she wouldn’t show how she really feel. Since Gill Fa passed away, she tend to do this even more.</p>

    <p>That was why Rimee Wu was very shocked when she saw Ai Fa showing so much emotion.</p>

    <p>On the other hand, the foreigner fell into deep thought with a sigh of pity.</p>

    <p>So — he didn’t notice.</p>

    <p>He didn’t notice Ai Fa lowering her plate and staring at him.</p>

    <p>There seemed to be a faint smile on Ai Fa’s face.</p>

    <p>Her cheeks were still a little red, and she stared at the foreigner with a look of satisfaction and happiness.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa was just like how she was when Gill Fa was still alive — Rimee Wu really likes the warm and gentle light in her blue eyes.</p>

    <p><i>Ai Fa…</i></p>

    <p>In this two years, Ai Fa had never shown such an expression.</p>

    <p>Ai Fa’s face was always cold and stiff, as if a part of her had died along with her father.</p>

    <p><i>Is this the person who made her show such a face?</i></p>

    <p>It didn’t matter where he was from. Foreigner or not, if he could make Ai Fa feel comfortable and at ease, that would be enough.</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu thought as she gaze at that foreigner — he was also smiling with his head slightly lowered too.</p>

    <p>He had a disappointed face earlier, but his black eyes were filled with satisfaction and happiness just like Ai Fa now, as he stared at the weirdly shaped meat in his wooden plate.</p>

    <p>He probably shared the same feelings as Ai Fa.</p>

    <p>So this was family.</p>

    <p>Even though Ai Fa lost Gill Fa, refused to marry into the Wu clan, she still needed family.</p>

    <p>Living alone like this was too depressing.</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu wiped away the tears in her eyes with the back of her hand, and tried saying in the most cheerful voice she could:</p>

    <p>「Hey, what are you eating?」</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>