<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Prologue</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="prologue">
    <h1>Prologue</h1>

    <p>When I came to, I found myself in an unfamiliar forest.</p>

    <p>I was lying with my limbs spread out amidst these unknown trees.</p>

    <p>「Huh…?」</p>

    <p>I propped myself up and surveyed the surroundings with giddy eyes.</p>

    <p>This was a forest.</p>

    <p>I was in an unfamiliar forest.</p>

    <p>No, I grew up in a prosperous city, so I didn’t have a 「forest I was familiar with」 anyway. But this place felt like the Amazon rainforest and didn’t feel like Japan at all.</p>

    <p>The trees with weird twists and turns.</p>

    <p>Giant fern-like vegetation.</p>

    <p>Exotic flowers that looked poisonous.</p>

    <p>Bird calls I had never heard before.</p>

    <p>Layers of leaf canopies blocked out the sky; I couldn’t even tell the color of the heavens.</p>

    <p><i>Where the hell am I?</i></p>

    <p>Most of my body was hidden beneath the thick undergrowth. I started inspecting myself.</p>

    <p>I was dressed in white, with white chef uniform, apron, and shoes.</p>

    <p>There was a black logo with words 『Tsurumi Restaurant』 on my chest.</p>

    <p>My hair was wrapped in a bandana. Was this my usual attire?</p>

    <p>Why was I lying here dressed like this?</p>

    <p>I crossed my legs and sat down, trying to recall what happened before I lost consciousness.</p>

    <p>And… while I was shifting my body, my hand touched something.</p>

    <p>It was hard and smooth and felt like polished wood.</p>

    <p><a id="noteReturn1"></a>I pulled that thing out of the grass. It was a Santoku knife in a pure-white sheath.<a epub:type="noteref" href="../Text/Notes.xhtml#ftn1">[1]</a></p>

    <p>Its black handle fitted my palm well. The blade was 21 cm long.</p>

    <p>I recognized the knife without needing to draw it out of its white wooden sheath. This Santoku knife was a prized product from the old knife shop in Kyoto 『Shop Sakaki』. My dad treasured this knife more than his own life.</p>

    <p>The moment I laid eyes on this knife, I remembered the entire incident.</p>

    <hr/>

    <p><a id="noteReturn2"></a>I’m Tsurumi Asuta.<a epub:type="noteref" href="../Text/Notes.xhtml#ftn2">[2]</a></p>

    <p>My family name’s kanji Tsu of Tsugaru, stay and see. My given name could be read as 「becoming fat tomorrow」.</p>

    <p>Seventeen years old and in the second year of a public high school. Height 170 cm, weight 58 kg and not exceptionally fat. I was born in Kanto Chiba, not in Tsugaru city.</p>

    <p>My family runs an eatery called 『Tsurumi Restaurant』. Our business wasn’t bad, or rather, it always had been good until those guys showed up last month.</p>

    <p>The building beside us was set to be renovated into a composite entertainment complex, and the new owner requested us to sell the eatery to him.</p>

    <p>On the surface, his reason was: 「I want to build a parking lot here」.</p>

    <p>But his real thoughts were: 「I plan to build a food court inside the entertainment complex, and the popular eatery right beside it would probably be bad for business.」.</p>

    <p>We had no reason to accept his one-sided request and rejected him firmly. But the other party wasn’t that simple and appeared to have connections to the underworld. There were rumors that he seized control of his building from the original owners through nefarious means.</p>

    <p>And so, when the building renovation started, they started harassing us.</p>

    <p>The vandalizing of the steel shutter of the shop with the words 「Horribly polluted」, constant silent phone calls, carcasses of cats being dumped at the shop entrance… In other words, they employed classic coercion methods.</p>

    <p>Only one of their harassment methods kept up with modern times. They left comments on review websites, spreading rumors that 「Customers visiting this eatery often suffer from food poisoning」.</p>

    <p>And of course, our usual patrons weren’t fazed by such rumors and dined here as usual. But the number of new customers and university students visiting after class fell, and this reflected in our account book.</p>

    <p>Surprised by how much influence such websites had, I became depressed.</p>

    <p>Even so, my dad still said with a smile:</p>

    <p>「People actually believe such garbage. It is their loss to miss out on my dish.」</p>

    <p>What happened sometime later finally took his smile away.</p>

    <p>It occurred just a few hours ago.</p>

    <p>Dad instructed me to prepare the ingredients for the evening crowd and went out to stock up supplies. While outside, he had an accident with a pick-up truck and was rushed to the hospital.</p>

    <p>After receiving an emergency call from the hospital, I rushed there in my chef attire.</p>

    <p>My dad was still smiling on his hospital bed.</p>

    <p>He was smiling despite his legs having suffered complex fractures.</p>

    <p>His arm and head were wrapped in bandages which were stained with blood in a few spots. A van traveling at 80 km/h collided with my dad. Even the doctor was surprised and said: 「It’s a miracle he survived.」</p>

    <p>It was a hit-and-run. Many witnesses said the vehicle’s plate was removed, and the driver wore a knit cap and shades, concealing his face.</p>

    <p>It was a carefully planned perfect crime.</p>

    <p>Even so, my dad was still smiling. If they really wanted to kill him, they probably needed a dump truck.</p>

    <p>「So, when I can be discharged?」</p>

    <p>When the heavily injured patient asked with a smile, the young doctor looked troubled.</p>

    <p>「No, well, instead of being discharged, you need to undergo a brain scan and operations on your legs…」</p>

    <p>「Alright. But when can I be discharged?」</p>

    <p>「I can’t really tell at this point… Both of your legs have complex fractures; who knows how long rehabilitation alone would take…」</p>

    <p>「I see. I will leave this to you then, but I need to attend to my shop. I don’t mind using a wheelchair, but please discharge me as soon as possible. If I leave my shop to this dumbass, it will close down.」</p>

    <p>The dumbass my dad mentioned was me, of course.</p>

    <p>My dad was a man who would work to his death with his knife even if he needed a wheelchair or crutches.</p>

    <p>Even I felt like laughing when I thought about that.</p>

    <p>At this moment… I received a call from my childhood friend Reina.</p>

    <p>She told me: 「『Tsurumi Restaurant』 is burning!」</p>

    <p>When I told dad about that, the smile was gone from his face for the first time.</p>

    <p>「Asuta! The knife! At least save that knife from the fire!」</p>

    <p>I charged out of the room and dashed to the eatery at a faster speed than the one I had during my journey to the hospital.</p>

    <p><i>A real chef will be able to satisfy his customers no matter what ingredients or tools he has!</i> Although it was dad’s favorite phrase, he would always say the following about the knife purchased at the traditional knife shop 『Shop Sakaki』 in Kyoto and passed down from the previous generation: 『But, I can’t do it without this guy』.</p>

    <p><i>Only that knife… keep it safe.</i></p>

    <p>Despite the harassment, truck’s hit-and-run, fractures in both legs and terrible business, my dad’s heart didn’t waver. But, after losing the Santoku knife from 『Shop Sakaki』, his heart would shatter.</p>

    <p>That’s why I ran with all my might.</p>

    <p>But when I reached the eatery, it was already surrounded by dozens of people, and the fire brigade was already putting out the fire.</p>

    <p>However, 『Tsurumi Restaurant』 was still surrounded by flames, and the smoke rose into the autumn sky of June.</p>

    <p>No matter how much more water was sprayed, the shop would definitely be burned completely.</p>

    <p>The intensity of the fire was overwhelming.</p>

    <p>Just like in a nightmare.</p>

    <p>「Asuta-chan…」</p>

    <p>Reina stood with a blank stare. When she saw me, she leaned on to me with a crying face.</p>

    <p>I grabbed her slender shoulders and nodded… and then charged into the sea of flames.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>