[Wortenia Senki (WN) v6c33](https://translationsdrt.wordpress.com/2020/06/03/wortenia-senki-v6c33/)
<br/><br/>
「I’m truly obliged by the courteous words of your apology Baron Mikoshiba, but there’s seem to be somewhat of a misunderstanding 」<br/>
「Meaning?」<br/>
Looking puzzled, Ryouma tilted his head slightlty at Earl Aizenbach words.<br/>
On the surface, he was smiling cheerfully.<br/>
But the hidden implication behind that smile was perceived clearly by Earl Aizenbach.<br/>
（Although this man is scheming something, there’s no choice but doing what I can… right?）<br/>
Though not the best, it seemed far preferable to inform the truth than staying silent.<br/>
「I’m acting today just as a counsellor. It is Maquis Halcyon, here, the Director of the House of Lords, who is conducting this entire hearing」<br/>
Marquis Halcyon, who was sitting silently, nodded deeply. It seemed he had regained some of his composure after hearing Earl Aizenbach’s words, even his tightly clenched fists had relaxed now.<br/>
After confirming that with a sidelong glance, Earl Aizenbach shifted instantly to the offensive.<br/>
「In the first place, Baron Mikoshiba, it’s strange to think why you would mistakenly guess that the Director of the House of Lords, Marquis Halcyon, wouldn’t be attending」　　<br/>
Voices of approval rose around at those words.<br/>
「This hearing is regarding the consequences of the battle that took place the other day, and its disturbance of peace and order inside this kingdom. We are here to listen to your explanation. This was a private war among nobles, something in conflict with our national law that is of utmost concern to this House of Lords. To say nothing of the fact that, starting with Earl Sulzberg, who was bearing the responsibility of defending the kingdom’s nothern border, this battle resulted in the demise of many of the Heads of the Ten Families in the North and their dependants. This will greatly influence our national defense. Therefore not only your court rank could be forfeited, but even your house name could be possibly discontinued. Why would you, Baron Mikoshiba, conclude that the Director of the House of Lords would not be attending this important hearing? I would think it unconceivable but, could it be you failed to realize the seriousness of this matter?」<br/>
It was a severe counterattack.<br/>
In reality, Earl Aizenbach’s words carried a sound logic, but they didn’t shatter Ryouma’s composed manner, because those were exactly the words he was expecting.<br/>
「Is that so? Then, would it be right to say that not only was I detached from my followers, but got stuck in a room with not even one window to spend a whole day and night, at the instructions of Marquis Halcyon, who is conducting this hearing? If my memory serves me right, according to the Kingdom of Rozeria’s national law, a hearing is defined as the occasion where the circumstances of the related party should be heard and then the decision to proceed or not with a trial should be concluded. Naturally, It was my understanding that I had the right to be treated as a member of the nobility holding a court rank, but…」<br/>
After saying this, Ryouma turned his face down. He wasn’t actually sad, of course.<br/>
But, just with that, what Ryouma had intended to say was transmitted to the sorrounding people in an almost detestable way.<br/>
（This guy… by argumenting he was treated unfairly, is bringing doubt towards the neutrality of the House of Lords. Does he even intend to denounce this hearing itself as a scheme on our part…?）<br/>
That Mikoshiba Ryouma had been placed in house arrest, in a room almost like an isolation cell, was a fact not only known by Earl Aizenbach, but by everyone attending this place. And if asked whether that was the appropiate treatment for a noble holding a court rank, it was also a fact there was no other answer than shaking your head in disapproval.<br/>
In reality, even if the offender received a veredict of guilty in trial, as long as it wasn’t a death penalty, a noble holding a court rank was to be granted befitting treatment. And among those rights was the right to keep his attendants by his side.<br/>
So then, understanding this, if one would question why he had been trated like that, there could only be one possible reason: a feeling of antipathy and hostility towards Mikoshiba Ryouma.　<br/>
（In order to control the dissatisfaction I gave my tacit consent but… truly, to think he would use it against us）<br/>
An almost inaudible smack leaked from Earl Aizenbach’s lips.<br/>
In the House of Lords, there were several families that were blood relatives to either Earl Salzburg or one of the Ten Northern Families. Among them, some were actually linked by marriage in previous generations, but in noble socierty that kind of relation was considered enough to include them in their family sphere. For those people, Mikoshiba Ryouma was, to put it simply, not only an upstart noble, but a clear menace for their relatives as well.<br/>
Properly speaking, they were probably about to form an alliance and raise an army for the sake of retaliation. But, that course of action would lead to even more chaos in the kingdom’s situation. It was precisely because of this that Earl Aizenbach and Marquis Halcyon were conducting this hearing and following all the proper official procedures, in order to stop the group of nobles that were becoming agitated by intentions of further revenge. This was the established procedure determined by Rozeria’s Kingdom law.　　<br/>
（Her Majesty strongly desires it as well, and we are expected to abide her wishes… but… ）　<br/>
Up to now, things between Queen Lupis and the noble faction couldn’t be said to be going nicely, but regarding this matter, the elimination of Mikoshiba Ryouma’s house, a perfect partnership had been built.<br/>
Faced with a common threat, any discord between them had been at least temporarily shelved. However, there was the point of deciding the shape their threat’s elmination would take, and the Queen’s side had strongly requested that they follow the proper established procedure.<br/>
Of course, to carry judgement on the【National Saviour】, as well as keeping Queen Lupis’ dignity intact, the approval of the Noble Faction had been obtained. But, the state of mind of men can sometimes ignore all logic or reason. That is, the victim of a crime or their blood relatives, when facing the perpetrator, sometimes desire a severe punishment exceeding the stipulations of the law. That is why Earl Aizenbach had given his tacit consent of placing Mikoshiba Ryouma on house arrest in a filthy room in a corner of the House of Lords. With that degree of a measure, even if it was leaked to the outside, he had thought of having some excuse ready, and otherwise forcing the inferior nobles would make them explode with complains and could turn troublesome.<br/>
Of course, it’s not that Earl Aizenbach himself wanted to provide Mikoshiba Ryouma with a pleasant environment in the least, so it could surely be said it was a gift from heaven. What was completely unforseen, however, was when the person in question turned the tables on them and retorted in this way. Furthermore, it had been right after stating that this hearing was being conducted by Marquis Halcyon.<br/>
（This is bad… particularly that this was according to Marquis Halcyon’s intentions… depending on the situation her majesty Lupis may burst burst into flames…）<br/>
Of course, the truth was that the neutrality and fairness of the House of Lords was nothing more than an empty slogan, something that everyone here understood. However, it had always been an unspoken agreement. For the purpose of always having this agreement, that couldn’t be put into words, if a person who rejected it were to appear, he would be quickly dealt with.<br/>
（But, what to do now… Simply refuse to comment on it?）<br/>
Inside this room there were only nobles and the knights who guarded the House of Lords.<br/>
So, if they were to ignore Ryouma’s words, it would be possible to proceed with the hearing. In any case, the conclusion had already been decided. But if they chose to do that, Marquis Halcyon and Earl Aizenbach would have to bear a great risk in the future: the possibility of rumors spreading out saying the Director of the House of Lords deliverately twisted the truth in order to charge the【National Saviour】.<br/>
（Because starting with Viscount Therese, there are many nobles aiming for the seat of Director…）<br/>
The House of Lords was an influential group that gave shape to the Noble Faction. Therefore, the position of Director was coveted by many.<br/>
Those people were always vigilant, waiting for Marquis Halcyon or his followers to make a mistake they could prey upon. If anything, it was hard to fully trust someone in the House of Lords, even among those who were supposedly allies. From their point of view, Marquis Halcyon and Earl Aizenbach certainly had the leadership of the faction, with a considerable backing, but at the same time, honestly speaking, they were an obstacle preventing their own success in life.<br/>
Even Earl Aizenbach himself, now frantically unfolding a war of words with Mikoshiba Ryouma, couldn’t be said to be really excluded from that group of people. After all, even he was after the position of Director of the House of Lords.<br/>
（No, now’s not the time to think of that. The question is how to get out of this spot…）<br/>
Several explanations floated inside his head and vanished.<br/>
Of course, even Earl Aizenbach couldn’t think of a perfect subterfuge to escape from Ryouma’s chase. At this time, there would probably be no other choice but a somewhat lame excuse.<br/>
But not even a lame excuse came to mind.<br/>
He had intended to lend a helping hand to Marquis Halcyon, but it seemed he had ended strangling his own neck.<br/>
But it appears God had decided not to forsake Earl Aizenbach, for a noble, watching closely the course of events, rose from his chair and suddenly opened his mouth.<br/>
 