[Wortenia Senki (WN) v6c41](https://hasutsuki.com/record-of-wortenia-war-v6-c41/)
<br/><br/>
n“This country is now in an unprecedented crisis. And I don’t need to mention the cause anymore.” n<br/>
nWith that said, Ryouma glares at the surrounding. n<br/>
nThe words contained the meaning of condemnation toward the ruler or the aristocrats. n<br/>
nIn fact, the rule of the aristocrats in this Kingdom was quite harsh. n<br/>
nA family member being sold was a daily occurrence, and it was not rare where some aristocrats would sink their poisonous fangs when they saw someone beautiful. n<br/>
nAmong them was a daughter that was about to get married. n<br/>
nBy the way, there seems to be a similar system to it around the world, including Europe, called Droit du seigneur. n<br/>
nOn the first night of marriage, a powerful person or a clergyman meets the bride before the groom. n<br/>
nIt was unclear when such a system ever existed, but that alone could illustrate the dark history of humans. n<br/>
nThis was because there was nothing clear left as a source. n<br/>
nIn addition, various interpretations may be one of the factors that hindering the understanding of such a system. n<br/>
nSome say it was for the purpose to show power, some say it was for magical element, and some say it was related to tax collection. n<br/>
nJustice and Morality differ depending on the background and era. n<br/>
nHowever, in the eyes of modern people, such a system would be viewed as the work of the Devil. n<br/>
nOf course, it was just part of one page of history. n<br/>
nHowever, that only applies to those who lived in modern times. n<br/>
nThe people who lived in this world experienced the harsh life of the middle ages. n<br/>
nIn fact, if you’re not good at it, your life might be harder here. n<br/>
nFor us, people who willingly lived in such a harsh situation might view them as fools or saints. n<br/>
nBut to be sure, they did not have the option to rebel. n<br/>
n(Because in front of the aristocrats who acquired the paranormal power of law, it is known that there’s no point in rebelling as a commoner.) n<br/>
nThey have no reason to complain, and not willing to acknowledge the dire situation either. n<br/>
nBecause they were weak, they just endure the ruling class domineering and tyrannical governance. n<br/>
nIf you think of it that way to protect your family and loved one, many would do the same and wait for the storm to pass. n<br/>
nHowever, patience was no more than endurance. n<br/>
nThe dissatisfaction toward the ruling class would always smoldering inside one’s heart. n<br/>
nFrom parent to a child from child to grandchild. The oppressed anger, the hatred, being passed down. n<br/>
nAnd the turmoil of the kingdom caused by national affair would burn their smoldering fire. n<br/>
n(The question is whether or not they understand that… Well, to be honest, it is hopeless…) n<br/>
nIf they could understand Ryouma from the beginning, this kind of thing won’t happen. n<br/>
nIt was undeniable that the root of the cause of the turmoil in the current Kingdom of Rozeria was aristocrats politics. n<br/>
nHowever, when the emerging aristocrats pointed it out, the other aristocrats were not naive enough to receive the blame. n<br/>
nSure enough, the reaction of the surrounding toward Ryouma’s words was chilly n<br/>
n“It was true that our country is in crisis. As Baron Mikoshiba said, the cause is obvious. However, the cause we think not always the same with what Baron Mikoshiba thinks, isn’t it?” n<br/>
nWith that said, Marquis Halcyon turns a meaningful look around. n<br/>
nThere was no one who didn’t understand that line of sight. n<br/>
nIn other words, it was a transfer of responsibility. n<br/>
nHowever, the words of Marquis Halcyon was not completely off the mark either. n<br/>
nIn the end, it was all about the viewpoint and position to say things. n<br/>
nWas it a noble perspective, or a commoner perspective? n<br/>
nAnd many of the humans here were-creature called aristocrats. n<br/>
n“I agree with the opinion of Marquis Halcyon. And, in my opinion, the national crisis is a fact but, I do not believe that Earl Salzberg and the other ten households had any relation with it. What do you think, Baron Mikoshiba? If you can claim the legitimacy, I would definitely like to hear the hero’s high theory.” n<br/>
nEarl Ainzberg, a leading figure in the house of lords, provoked Ryouma. n<br/>
nVoice of support rise to the words one after another. n<br/>
nIt can be called a storm of swearing. n<br/>
nRyouma was amazed and resigned at the fact that his prediction was right. n<br/>
n(Speaking of expectation, as expected huh?) n<br/>
nOriginally, kingdoms from this low area on the western continent held the strictest status system. n<br/>
nAnother feature was the real power of the ruler was considerably limited. n<br/>
nSince the days of Queen Lupis father, the predecessor King, he had been trying to gradually regain power for the royal family, but the road was endless. n<br/>
nAfter all, the power of the aristocrats class here was strong and great in this country. n<br/>
nWhat’s more, it was a country that values tradition and formality for better or worst. n<br/>
nAfter all, it boasted over 500 years of history. n<br/>
nFor them, there was no compromise to change the status quo. n<br/>
nFor most aristocrats, the territory was nothing more than property to enrich their lives. n<br/>
nSo to speak it was on the same level as livestock. n<br/>
nAnd whether the livestock was dissatisfied or not, they didn’t care. n<br/>
n(No change huh? Well, that’s alright. There’s no reason for me to place a high expectation this late in the game…) n<br/>
nThough if they don’t want their family to explode, they need to understand the commoner anger. n<br/>
n(And for the aim of the enemy who tries to use the anger of the commoner to instigate a crisis, it is late for me to say this but, I have a slight problem with the plan they try to execute…) n<br/>
nRyouma had been involved in various plots since he had been relegated to the Wortenia Peninsula. n<br/>
nHowever, he never ignited such plots on his own initiative. n<br/>
nWhat Ryouma did was to pour some oil little by little into the fire. n<br/>
nit was not as much as he doing things as he likes, he just wants to disturb the speculation of someone who laughed behind this Rozeria Kingdom. n<br/>
nAnd its purpose was only one. n<br/>
nIt was nothing but to protect the lives of yourself, your friends from danger as the fire intensified, especially if it happened without your knowledge, it was to avoid falling into an unreasonable situation. n<br/>
n(Well, that is why, it was the same for rulers in this country, it including Queen Lupis who continue to dance despite her bleeding.) n<br/>
nRyouma didn’t want Queen Lupis or the House of Lords to understand the reason for the decline, but he also doesn’t think they can understand. n<br/>
nPeople believe only what they want to believe and treat something they didn’t believe as ‘doesn’t exist’. n<br/>
nMoreover, no matter how much the upstart trying to say, the aristocrats would definitely not accept it. n<br/>
nThey would believe if they were being told in the western continent exist a mysterious organization. n<br/>
nOf course, that did not matter much. n<br/>
nIf that was the aristocrats’ decision, then Ryouma has no complaint. n<br/>
nBut the problem was, that decision would change the course of Ryouma right and interest. n<br/>
n(Organization, huh? Whatever their aim, they probably want war… Just like a death merchant on earth.) n<br/>
n– n<br/>
nThe problem was who was the minion inside the organization. n<br/>
n(Even if I heard some story from His Majesty Yurianus, and for being a member, that old man is probably the prime suspect.) n<br/>
nA man’s face comes to mind in Ryouma’s mind. n<br/>
nHowever, it was a middle-aged man, face, and smile. n<br/>
nHowever, Ryouma had certainly felt the smoky feeling from the man when they first met. n<br/>
nHe seems to be someone with Japanese ancestry, but the dislike feeling was stronger, maybe because the other side was a man. n<br/>
nOf course, there was a hard condition. n<br/>
nIt was just indefinitely black from Ryouma’s point of view. n<br/>
nHowever, if Ryouma was right, that means the organization extends inside the royal palace of Rozaria. n<br/>
n(It would be a waste of time to explain the reason toward those who don’t have ears to hear it… I guess it is time for that one to make an appearance…) n<br/>
nIt was also good to use it to reduce the momentum of the aristocrats’ ridicule. n<br/>
nSo Ryouma showed a big sigh. n<br/>
nThen he dropped his shoulders. n<br/>
n“I see, I can understand everyone’s anger. it is a pity, but it seems you and I didn’t see eye to eye. Anymore conversation than this would make no sense…” n<br/>
nDepending on how you hear it. n<br/>
nSure enough, one of the aristocrats stood up from his chair and trying to yell at Ryouma. n<br/>
n“What…” n<br/>
nHowever, the aristocrats stopped standing up and slumped to his chair. n<br/>
nAnd he swallowed the swearing words that he was about to say. n<br/>
nHe was a victim of Ryouma’s pressure, which was a bit different compared to before. n<br/>
nThis might be the difference between a man who knew about the battlefield and not. n<br/>
nThe aristocrats around him probably understood that instinctively. n<br/>
nRyouma then spoke again… n<br/>
n“Then, why don’t we ask our ruler about this matter?! You’re there, right, Your Majesty, Lupis Rozerianus!” n<br/>
nFollowing that word, everyone in the hall shut their mouth. n<br/>
n“What are you saying…” n<br/>
nSuch words were spilled from one of the nobles. n<br/>
nUp until this point, Ryouma’s words still could be categorized as an incredible demand. n<br/>
nBut, Ryouma didn’t stop. n<br/>
nThe reaction that Marquis Halcyon showed was slightly different compared to his surrounding. n<br/>
n(It was only for a moment, but I could see her face when the door opened for a moment.) n<br/>
nRealizing his prediction was correct, Ryouma speak further. n<br/>
n“Or you can’t even show your self in front of me? If  we don’t exchange words, how are you going to admit your mistakes?” n<br/>
nHis attitude was certainly one that was unsuitable toward the ruler of the Kingdom… n<br/>
nHowever, no one in this place would blame him. n<br/>
nAnd finally, the door was opened. n<br/>
nThe first thing he saw was the knight with long black hair. n<br/>
nShe wore heavy equipment that only suitable when you’re about to go to a battlefield. n<br/>
nOn top of that, the sword, even though it was forbidden to use the sword here, she still has hers on her waist. n<br/>
nOriginally no matter what status you have, you need to put it off. n<br/>
nHowever, the woman behind the female knight was more troublesome than her. – n<br/>
n“Your Majesty… Why, here…” n<br/>
nNo one knows who said those weird. n<br/>
nHowever, those words spark some heat within the heart of the noble. n<br/>
nIt was a scene that should’ve been impossible. n<br/>
nIt was true that the house of lords was part of the royal palace, but having the ruler come to see the house of lords directly was another mind. – n<br/>
nWith such a surprising voice.. the moment Marquis Hamilton stood up from his chair he immediately kneels down. n<br/>
nSeeing that figure, the aristocrats were stunned by the unexpected appearance of Queen Lupis. n<br/>
nAnd so was Ryouma who called Queen Lupis by name. n<br/>
n“It’s been a long time huh?… Baron Mikoshiba… I don’t mind if you raise your head.” n<br/>
nThere was some bitterness in her words. n<br/>
nThat being said, it was a permit issued by Queen Lupis. n<br/>
nFollowing Queen Lupis’ words, Ryouma slowly raised his face. n<br/>
n 