[arifureta-chapter-183-downtown-date-part-2.md](./arifureta-chapter-183-downtown-date-part-2.md) | [185-the-gathering-of-the-returnees.md](./arifureta-chapter-185-the-gathering-of-the-returnees.md) <br/>
<br/>
Arifureta After – The Happy Road of a Certain Muscle Brain<br/>
<br/>
AN: I’m sorry to those who are hoping for Aiko and Liliana, or the person with a faint shadow and the rabbit-eared onee-san, or perhaps the rabbit-eared ‘hyahha’ clan chief and the ‘Shia-tan haa haa’ perverted princess of  the elves<br/>
Those are still in the middle of being written……<br/>
<br/>
That place where tranquility was drifting as though separated from the outside world, was a graveyard at a certain outskirt of town. The main building of a temple could be seen a slight distance away, and several gravestones lining up regularly were in the surroundings.<br/>
In such a graveyard that was characteristically quiet, in addition to it being a holiday, unusually there was a figure of a young girl there. She was standing alone by herself. Her hair that was reaching her back was fluttering from the breeze. She wasn’t stirring even for a bit as though her thoughts were running around in her head while staring fixedly at the family name engraved on the gravestone.<br/>
But, at that timing, a rough voice resounded along with heavy footsteps that broke the tranquility.<br/>
「Ou, Suzu. What a coincidence. So you also came here huh.」<br/>
「Ryutaro-kun!」<br/>
The girl――Suzu turned back in surprise. Ryutaro who had just arrived stamped his feet loudly on the gravel path of the graveyard while raising his hand and greeted 「Yo」 really nonchalantly.<br/>
「Ryutaro-kun. Why are you here……wait, there is only one thing to do here huh.」<br/>
「Yeah, today is the day everyone is gathering. ……So, for some reason, yeah. If we did not come here, then no one would come here.」<br/>
「That’s not true you know? At least, there was already an offering when I came here.」<br/>
「Hm? Aa, by any chance, Kaori and Shizuku perhaps?」<br/>
「Maybe.」<br/>
In front of the gravestone, there were indeed some flowers decorating it there. There were also flowers decorating the spot other than the flowers that Suzu brought. Suzu was giving her agreement to Ryutaro’s guess while opening her mouth with a wry smile.<br/>
「……Although, there is not really anything of Eri inside here.」<br/>
Saying that Suzu returned her gaze to the gravestone. There, the name of "Nakamura Eri" was engraved. Yes, the friend of Suzu that met her end in another world――Nakamura Eri’s family tomb was located here. Of course, Eri had self-exploded in the [Holy Precincts], so, let alone her remains, there wasn’t anything of her in this grave. There was nothing to prove that Eri was sleeping in here.<br/>
Even so, when she wished to lament over her best friend who devoted herself to evil due to her unstoppable madness and feelings, Suzu’s feet would naturally bring herself to this place. After they returned from the other world, she had only visited this place once. On this day after a year passed, when the members who had gone through a unique experience would gather, before the promised time Suzu and also Ryutaro without even any planning beforehand……including Kaori and Shizuku who came here beforehand, their feelings were as one.<br/>
For a while, the two stayed silent, they only continued to stare at the gravestone without any word, while recalling the Eri of before they were sent to the other side.<br/>
It was unknown how much time passed, but before long Suzu stretched her body with a groan ‘uu~n’, she floated a soft smile as though she had sorted out her feelings while asking Ryutaro.<br/>
「Come to think of it, as expected, Kouki won’t come to the gathering today, will he?」<br/>
「Yeah. Especially because I didn’t hear anything from Nagumo about opening the gate. Guess he won’t participate. Well, even though we finally got a special class prepared for our sake after much effort, he went as far as leaving high school, going to Tortus saying "I’m going to atone". Something like the gathering for celebrating the one year of our return, even if that guy was on this side he absolutely wouldn’t attend it, yeah.」<br/>
「I guess. Kouki-kun would say something like, "I don’t have any qualification for that", right?」<br/>
Ryutaro and Suzu smiled wryly at each other.<br/>
Exactly as they said, currently Kouki was on Tortus. Kouki had returned home to earth once together with Hajime and the others, but he was unable to make himself to go through normal high school life. It wasn’t like anyone was saying anything harsh to him, but it was his own heart, his guilty feelings, his will that wished for atonement, that rejected to spend his time with carefree feelings in school life even if it was just for one or two years.<br/>
Even with the disappearance of Ehitorujue who was toying around with people with his war game, it didn’t mean that the threat of monsters had decreased. Among the monsters that came out from "Holy Precincts", there should be some of them that succeeded in escaping. It seemed that removing those threats even for a bit was one kind of atonement for Kouki.<br/>
Naturally, it was widely known that Kouki, who should have been summoned as a hero, didn’t participate in the decisive battle. There was also Kouki’s personal declaration which made it highly known throughout Tortus how Kouki was on the enemy’s side. Therefore, that equally meant that there was no place for Kouki in that world.<br/>
But, even so, as a single adventurer, Kouki silently moved busily to be of assistance to someone.<br/>
「So there is still a little bit of time until the time, but what will Suzu do?」<br/>
「Hmm~. I don’t really have any plans though. Maybe just strolling around aimlessly, or meeting up with Kaorin and the others……no, I won’t meet up with them I guess. It’s impossible to spend my time normally inside that pink atmosphere. It would be absolutely tiresome.」<br/>
「Aa~, yeah. I guess so. Then, how about you kill time aimlessly. Together with me.」<br/>
「Yep. Let’s talk about various things, mixed with flashback scenes too for the readers.」<br/>
「……」<br/>
Suzu was receiving a bit of a wave signal while the two of them stared at the gravestone one more time, and then they left that place. (TN: What it means by the signal here is how Suzu is breaking the fourth wall a bit.)<br/>
The pair who were walking around aimlessly while making small talk, before long reached a cozy park. Without any particular confirmation about each other’s thoughts or any previous agreement, the pair naturally sat down on a bench. There they stared at the figures of children who were playing in the public park.<br/>
「Aa~, it’s so peacefuul~」<br/>
「Oi oi, what are you doing speaking like that. Are you a grandma?」<br/>
「That’s cruel. You really are a muscle brain without delicacy like usual, good grief. Even Ryutaro-kun, you would also impulsively think like that sometimes since we returned here, right? About how peaceful it is here. To think that until a year ago we were fighting a battle where it wouldn’t be strange to die anytime, this is a bit unbelievable even for myself.」<br/>
「……Yeah. When we first returned here we were busy with things, so I didn’t feel anything like that though. But indeed, recently, now that I have calmed down I often get thoughts like that.」<br/>
「……Isn’t that right.」<br/>
A year ago Hajime created a gate that connected the other world, Tortus, and earth, and the surviving classmates once more stepped their feet on this birthplace of theirs.<br/>
They landed on the rooftop of the school, then they looked around and raised a loud joyful voice at the moonlight night. Among them there were people who were overcome with emotions and broke out crying, there were also those who were consoling those people while crying in sympathy. At that time it was quite a hectic situation.<br/>
At that time, Hajime and the others also investigated the possibility, whether in the end, it would be possible to once again open the gate to Tortus, the other world, from here or not. Hajime had consumed an immense amount of magic power, but he used the magic crystals, where he stocked reserve magic power, and whipped up his tired body to immediately attempt it. The result was that they confirmed that, at the very least, even on earth they were able to use magic and artifacts.<br/>
Hearing that, the happiness of the classmates who realized that it was possible to once again meet with the people that they had created close ties with in the other world rose to a great extent. All of the classmates swooped down on Hajime and they even did the customary practice of tossing him into the air even though it was in the middle of the night.<br/>
After that, the calming down classmates rejoiced in each other’s survival and return before setting out to return to their homes. In the end, what happened with their houses and families……such anxiety was by no means nonexistence in their hearts, but even so, all of them were dashing through their school route with light footsteps and nostalgia,……with a super speed that would make an Olympic athlete go pale. 「You guys-, stop jumping over the rooftops!」 it went without saying that the angry voice of a certain worrier ponytail-san echoed in the middle of the night.<br/>
By the way, regarding how they should explain to their families and other people regarding the events during their disappearance, during the month after the decisive battle they all discussed it, and the conclusion they reached was to "tell it honestly".<br/>
Even if they made lies that sounded realistic, surely if it got investigated by the police and so forth, the contradiction and the suspiciousness of their lies would be exposed. It was easily imaginable how popular the topic of a group disappearance at midday would become and how earnest the police would investigate it. There was no way that those police that were investigating it wouldn’t be able to see through their half-baked lies. To say nothing of how there were students who couldn’t come back. They couldn’t do this half-baked.<br/>
Having said that, if they tried to pretend to have amnesia, it would look like they really had something to hide and the police and mass media would surely not leave them alone. A blank period that the disappeared students were obstinately refusing to speak about……something like that was just the favorite of the mass media. Combined with the students who did not return, there would be many sides that would make a great fuss with the mixture of facts and truths.<br/>
If the situation would be like that, then wouldn’t it be better if they offered by themselves that kind of information instead, something that would make the surrounding spontaneously draw away in revulsion, or possibly make other people look at them with pitying gazes while secretly distancing themselves.<br/>
The information they offered would be,<br/>
――We fought monsters and an evil god, in a fantasy world of swords and magic!<br/>
Like that.<br/>
Of course, this was an idea from Hajime. There was not a single lie in that statement, that was why they could just act boldly saying that no matter how much they were pressed for information. In this way, even the classmates who weren’t as shameless as Hajime could weather the storm without amassing too much anxiety. And no matter what other people said to them, they could just speak back with "It depends on you whether you believe it or not".<br/>
And then, regarding the people who would still pursue the matter deeply even then, or when some kind of problem occurred, Yue-san’s magic would be liberally used to get those problematic people to be "Dear me, what was I doing again just now?"<br/>
Also, the people who were applied with "Dear me, what was I doing again just now?" weren’t just the mass media whose tenacity status was at MAX count and the excessively sharp government officials or police. There were also suspicious organizations that seemed to be related with religion, or ree-ally suspicious people that seemed to be related with the government, or the absurdly suspicious sorcery――occultist group.<br/>
While the majority of their classmates were enjoying television or internet while nibbling at potato chips after so long, behind the scenes Hajime and the others (+ a person with a thin shadow) were doing this and that against the bunch who seemed to be living behind the scenes of the Earth but……that was another story.<br/>
「In the beginning, it was really hectic wasn’t it. Especially the mass media people, they were really persistent huh.」<br/>
「Yeah, many calls were coming asking me to come out in a special program on television, or something like that. The times when I was asked about Eri or Hiyama, "Why is it only you all who came home?", or "Don’t you feel any responsibility?", I seriously wanted to send them flying y’know.」<br/>
「About that huh. When Nakano-kun and Saitou-kun normally punched the reporter, they got an article "As expected, is there any disorder in their minds!?" in the news without any reservation at all you remember?」<br/>
「The delicacy of the reporter is also questionable though.」<br/>
Recalling the large wave in society at that time, Suzu and Ryutaro smiled wryly at each other. At that time, not only the mass media and police, even some of their acquaintances visited them to pry about just what really happened.<br/>
Especially the families of Hiyama, Kondo, and Shimizu. They were doggedly hounding the matter until the end.<br/>
The truth was also conveyed without anything hidden toward the families of the students who couldn’t return. The ones who were doing the explanation were Aiko and Hajime. Actually Aiko tried to go to talk to those families by herself, but the topic about Hajime would be unavoidable anyway if the truth was going to be spoken, and above all, Hajime didn’t have the least bit of intention to bother Aiko or make Aiko bear the full brunt regarding the matter of Hiyama and the others, so Hajime forcefully accompanied Aiko in the end.<br/>
Naturally, after those families were made to believe the story of another world by showing them magic, the families of Hiyama and the others cursed and insulted Hajime and Aiko in unconcealed rage and hatred, some were even trying to act violent, but……<br/>
Giving a glance at Aiko who resigned herself to accept that anger and hatred from her feeling of responsibility of being unable to bring those students back home or reforming their conduct, Hajime who was the perpetrator that put the bullet on those students kept a cold expression and repelled all of that anger and hatred straight from the front.<br/>
Even if the families of those killed students were virtuous, no matter how much those families were looking forward to the return of their children, those things weren’t something that could erase the fact that they had bared their fang towards Hajime and Hajime’s important people. For the feeling of a parent, something like what their child did and Hajime’s circumstance were irrelevant. But similar to that, for Hajime, something like the feeling of his enemy’s parent was also something that had nothing to do with him.<br/>
――I don’t have any regret for what I did. I don’t even think that what I did was wrong. Therefore, I won’t even apologize. You can think of me however you like, but if you turn your hand at my relatives because of this case then you better prepare yourself.<br/>
Those were the words that Hajime spoke to those families. For Hajime who was skilled in subtle deception and speech, to the degree that he was said to possess talent as an agitator, those were really straight-forward words that could even be said to be tactless. To put it bluntly, those words could only be thought of as something that rubbed the nerves of the other party the wrong way.<br/>
But, Aiko who was beside him was able to understand that for Hajime those words were his greatest sincerity, those were his resolve. He didn’t deceive the other party, and he was resolved that if the hatred that he caused would try to lay their wicked hands on his relatives, then he would face it anywhere, anytime, and eliminate them.<br/>
As the result, Hiyama’s family acted rashly trying to get revenge on Hajime and the others. Hajime personally broke their hearts. The other families who knew of the state of Hiyama’s family then protected their silence. Seen from the side, it was really a result that left a bad aftertaste in their mouth, but Hajime didn’t care for it at all.<br/>
Now then, including those commotions too, there were also things like the raging journalism battle and whatever that was perpetrated regarding the ‘returnees’ but……one day, all of those suddenly died down like a drawing back sea wave. And it didn’t stop there, all of the news was quietly dying down so unnaturally until it was like nothing had happened at all.<br/>
「About that, there is no doubt that was something Nagumo-kun and the others did, isn’t it?」<br/>
「For sure. Problems like the family register of Yue-san and the others, or the recognition of the surroundings, those kinds of problems were also all easily cleared. It wasn’t something strange at all if they actually did something somehow regarding the awareness of the society while they were at it, yeah. Not to mention how Ai-chan-sensei was made to bear the full brunt of the critic because she was the only adult involved. Ain’t no way that Nagumo was gonna just leave that going on.」<br/>
Actually what happened was exactly like that. 「When magic is mixed with information society……something like the world becomes simple, huh」, if it was asked who was the one that was saying such extremely terrifying things……it should be rather left unsaid.<br/>
「Well, there were a lot of troubles, but if there is a small mercy from all that, is that no one got rejected by their families I think. My Otou-san and Okaa-san, also Taeko-san(the caretaker) too, right after I finished giving them the explanation, their faces turned grim and they tried to bring me to a hospital, but after I actually showed them magic and explained several times they somehow could accept it.」<br/>
「Yeah, me too. But, in my case, I showed them my Mode Werewolf so……they became really panicked at that time. My mother fainted, while my old man took out a bat that he swung around wildly, big sis wet herself, and Karashio(pet dog) howled like crazy, and my neighbor old man Fujii said things like "It’s waaar~" while shooting out the fire extinguisher……」<br/>
「I don’t know about that old man you mentioned last, but most of it was Ryutaro-kun’s own fault, wasn’t it? Rather, your father who tried to face his son that suddenly transformed into a werewolf using a bat, I really respect him from my heart now.」<br/>
Receiving Suzu’s exasperated gaze that came from the bottom of her heart, Ryutaro said「That was an accident, an accident」 while averting his gaze in embarrassment. By the way, Ryutaro who thought that he wouldn’t be able to calm the situation by himself at that time made his family and the neighbor old man Fujii to faint for the time being, and then by going all out with the instant movement of a werewolf, he intruded into the house of Kouki who was similarly in the middle of explaining the circumstances.<br/>
When a brutal werewolf of a fantasy world suddenly leaped into their house, Kouki’s father fainted, while the mother took out a kitchen knife and went into a rampage, and Kouki’s little sister peed herself. Kouki who immediately guessed the true identity of the werewolf and that his objective was to ask for help, at that time he suppressed his mother for the time being and made his little sister to sleep.<br/>
And then he punched Ryutaro, after that even while sighing deeply, thinking that it was just the right timing with all the chaos that had happened, he held a double family meeting along with Ryutaro’s family that had been wakened up and somehow obtained the understanding from both families.<br/>
By the way, at Shizuku’s home, there was also an emergency call that came from the Shirasaki family. At that time, the first voice that came from Kaori’s parent that was filled with confusion was "Shizuku-chan! As I thought, you have come home too then, I’m glad! By the way, my daughter is an angel now, do you know anything about it!?", like that. It seemed that Kaori showed her parents her angel mode but……listening to it normally, that call could only be heard as a doting parent suddenly calling in the middle of the night boasting about his daughter.<br/>
On the other side of the phone, the voice of Kaori saying 「Geez-, Otou-san! Don’t make embarrassing calls like that!」 could be heard, then next came the voice 「But, but Kaoriii. Tha, that angel look……that’s just too lovely!」, such hectic conversation of parent and child could be heard noisily……Shizuku silently put down the phone. While inside her heart, 「I’m also busy explaining over here, idiooot!」 she was cursing.<br/>
Like that, the classmates who accomplished returning home each went through different twists and turns to persuade their families, however, in the end, they were able to make their families believe their story about the other world, and together with their families, they dealt with the mass media as planned.<br/>
Although, it wasn’t like everything went as planned, or everything was still the same like before……<br/>
「Eh? Suzu-chan? Also Sakagami? What are you two doing in this kind of place?」<br/>
「Oh, it’s true. Suzu-chan, long time no see~! Wait, don’t tell me, this is a date!?」<br/>
「Eh? Lies!? With Sakagami!? Suzu-chan, are you being threatened!?」<br/>
Suddenly noisy voices called out to Ryutaro and Suzu who were talking on a park bench. When they looked, there were their former classmates standing there. There were three girls who on that day when they were summoned went to a different place during the lunch break. Because of that, they didn’t get dragged into the summoning. They were friends of Suzu who were relatively close to her.<br/>
The three of them saw Suzu spending time with only Ryutaro. It stirred up a bit of curiosity about the relationship between the two and great wariness towards Ryutaro inside their mind, but when Suzu replied that they had planned to join up with everyone else after this and currently they were killing time until the planned time, the expression of the three girls loosened in disappointment and relieve.<br/>
They talked noncommittally a bit about their recent condition, and then after exchanging the speech of let’s contact each other again next time~, they parted ways.<br/>
「As usual, your communication prowess is high, eh.」<br/>
「I guess.」<br/>
Ryutaro’s words that were mixed with praise was accepted by Suzu with a shrug, not looking like she was being humble or joking. As expected, it seemed that the decisive battle against Eri that Suzu went through caused a great change, or perhaps a great growth in Suzu’s mind.<br/>
Group disappearance――that fact also had a not so little, no, rather it had a big impact on the other students of the same school. The students’ attitudes and atmosphere towards the ‘returnee’ group were as though they were tumors that must not be touched and a group that they didn’t really want to have anything to do with, but in reverse, they were also lacking in delicacy with their curiosity.<br/>
Also, when the ‘returnees’ were attending school once more, there were a lot of families that contacted the school and voiced their anxiety about them.<br/>
During that one year of disappearance, there was no contact at all from the disappearing group. Other people didn’t understand where they were and what they were doing or what was done to them. The ‘returnees’ themselves only gave a story that didn’t sound realistic at all. Furthermore, there were also students who didn’t come back with them……sure enough, the families were concerned whether their child would be okay going to the same school together with such a mysterious group.<br/>
As a result, regardless of the return of the directly related people, the truth of the case was still not clear. There was also the matter of the students whose whereabouts were still unknown, so finally, the school administration moved.<br/>
In order to reduce situations where Hajime and the others got exposed to the inquisitive eyes of society, an exclusive curriculum was prepared in order for the ‘returnees’ to recover their falling behind in their studies, at the same time psychologist were stationed inside the school for supporting the smooth school life of the ‘returnees’……with that official stance, a special class that was separated from other students in order to avoid troublesome problems was prepared.<br/>
Because of that, currently, the ‘returnees’ weren’t studying in their original classroom but were now put in a fixed class until their graduation that was located on the top floor of the school. Furthermore, it was at the corner in an unused room.<br/>
Actually, a talk of changing the school of the ‘returnees’ itself was strongly raised but……with the opinion of someone that said 「It’s troublesome to change schools」 along with profoundly mysterious phenomena, the creation of this special class was pushed through. The class was formed unnoticed but very naturally. To the degree that it was unnatural……<br/>
Anyway, a physical sense of distance between the ‘returnees’ and the other students was created. Naturally, a sense of distance was also spreading between the ‘returnees’ and the students of different classes who they were friends with before the summoning, however, there were also a lot among them who managed to remake their friendly relationships but……even amidst those people, Suzu was the one who was the most adept in building back a relationship with the friends she already had before the summoning into a relationship that was the same like before, no, rather that relationship became even more intimate than before.<br/>
That relationship was to the degree that when Suzu met those friends accidentally on a holiday like this, those friends would call to her proactively. It was to the degree that they even glared at Ryutaro with gleaming eyes that were unbecoming for a girl, as though to say ‘If you do something strange to Suzu, don’t expect it to end well for you’.<br/>
「Haah, good grief, someone like you really is…… If Nagumo is excluded, surely the one who changed the most by going to the other world is Suzu. It’s an honor to be seen as a boyfriend even though it was only for a moment yeah.」<br/>
「Fu-fu-fu. Isn’t that right, isn’t that right. For Ryutaro-kun to be suspected of having a relationship with a beautiful woman like this, you happy man you~」<br/>
「……」<br/>
「……Oi, try to say the reason why you averted your eyes when I said the words beautiful woman. If you have an objection to my words then how about saying it loudly. Hmm?」<br/>
Taniguchi Suzu. Looking from her braided hair that stretched long and the atmosphere she was clad in, she was a girl that looked really adult like. However, the sad thing was……that her height didn’t stretch up for even a millimeter. And then, her breasts were also……. No matter how one looked at her, it was hard to call her a beautiful woman. However, surely she was a beautiful girl. Perhaps, undoubtedly.<br/>
Seeing Suzu who was indignant at his attitude, Ryutaro lifted up both his hands and showed a pose of surrendering. And then, seeing Suzu who expressed her displeasure with a huff, Ryutaro was thinking of what to do, what should he do in hesitation, wherein the end he showed an embarrassed gesture and averted his gaze quickly while opening his mouth.<br/>
「No, well, that’s……you are, charming enough y’know? No, really, I’m serious.」<br/>
「Thank you very much, for the faked follow up. Hmph, I’m not a super beauty like Yue-san and the others anyway.」<br/>
Suzu went 「keh」 with her lips pouted looking somewhat timid in an inferiority complex. But, Ryutaro’s words after that which were said with a shockingly serious voice to her, caused her to leak out a dumbfounded voice unintentionally.<br/>
「……That ain’t a mere follow up. Suzu is a good woman, who won’t lose to anyone.」<br/>
「Eh?」<br/>
When Suzu reflexively turned her gaze at Ryutaro, Ryutaro who was supposedly looking away until just now was staring straight at Suzu. The small sound of her heart jumping inside her chest resounded. Suzu understood how her neck and her face was turning feverish.<br/>
This time, it was Suzu who was looking aside. For some reason, she couldn’t let out any words. She could only barely let out the sound 「H, hm~m」 that sounded ambiguous even for herself.<br/>
A strangely stained atmosphere that Suzu had never really experienced before was flowing, she couldn’t say anything. Both of them were wordless, only the sounds of leaves rustling from the wind were entering their ears excessively clearly.<br/>
Stealing a glance, Suzu tried to peep at Ryutaro’s state. There he was looking really nervous, and yet his face was really serious and seemed to be troubled by something. That also caused Suzu’s nervous meter to climb up without stopping.<br/>
Before long, with a calm voice as though he had resolved himself, Ryutaro opened his mouth.<br/>
「About the matter after we graduate high school……」<br/>
「Eh!? Ah, um……」<br/>
「I, am thinking of going to Tortus again.」<br/>
「That’s……you mean not in the capacity of going there to play together with Nagumo-kun and the others?」<br/>
「Yeah. I’m thinking, of living in the world there.」<br/>
「……」<br/>
Suzu felt like she understood the reason for Ryutaro deciding that. In this one year, they had spent much time together. During that time they talked about various things that made her think about whether he would do something like that.<br/>
「I want to help Kouki there, I also want to be able to help guys in need. I have the power for that. Ain’t no way after this late I can become a salaryman or something with all this.」<br/>
「Didn’t you, also think about being a police officer before this?」<br/>
「Yeah. But see, as I thought, my nature suits the world over there more.」<br/>
「I see.」<br/>
It appeared that Ryutaro had genuinely decided his future path. Suzu felt like she was going to get left behind somehow, that her feelings turned a bit lonely.<br/>
Towards such Suzu, Ryutaro suddenly stood up, he then moved in front of Suzu and got down on his one knee. With his stance now, the large built Ryutaro was looking up at her. This was as though……<br/>
Suzu’s body temperature was rising. Her heart jumped from Ryutaro’s serious expression.<br/>
「Ryu, Ryutaro-kun……」<br/>
‘What are you doing?’ Suzu was about to voice that but, Ryutaro conferred all his feelings with his words faster than Suzu.<br/>
「Suzu. Won’t you, come together with me?」<br/>
「Tha, that is, are you asking me to form a party with you sometimes――」<br/>
「That ain’t it. You got what I meant, right? What I am saying is, for "the whole life".」<br/>
「ts……」<br/>
Suzu gulped. That was exactly, a love confession. For the first time in her life, a confession with seriousness to the highest degree was right now said to her. The winding of great emotions that were welling up inside her made her voice get caught in her throat that she couldn’t say anything. Ryutaro spoke his words further to such Suzu.<br/>
「I love Suzu. Rather than a future in this world, pick a future that is together with me. It won’t be a calm future but I will treasure you with all my power. Let’s go, together. Forever.」<br/>
Inside Suzu’s heart, something like 「That’s too straight!」, or 「Even though you had come to a clean break but even temporarily you once fell in love with Yue-san, do you have a preference for small girls!? You lolicon!」, or 「While saying you love me, you are asking me to fight together in another world, just what are you saying you muscle brain!」, those abusive languages were lining up inside Suzu’s stormy heart but……<br/>
When she noticed, a reply of――<br/>
「……Mm. That’s fine.」<br/>
That sentence came out naturally. The words came out so smoothly that it surprised even herself. Like that, she became aware.<br/>
「Even myself am surprised, but I too, seem to really like Ryutaro-kun.」<br/>
Suzu’s face was already looking like a ripe apple. The time they ran around in another world, this one year since they came home, the things that she had piled up between her and Ryutaro seemed to have grown bigger than what Suzu was aware of.<br/>
Like that, Ryutaro who received a confession acceptance for the first time in his life, and obtained the word "like" from a girl was……<br/>
――UosSHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-<br/>
He howled grandly like that. The children who played in some distance jumped from shock and they looked at Ryutaro while shaking.<br/>
「Wai-, you are noisy, Ryutaro-kun! The small kids are making faces like a villager that is encountering an ogre there!」<br/>
「A-ha-ha-ha, then how about I use Mode Ogre then! If it’s now then I’ll give special service yeah!」<br/>
「Don’t do that! A Monster Appeared at a Park in Broad Daylight! The front page of the evening paper today will be like that! Or rather, how happy are you? Your tension is too high!」<br/>
「Obviously I’m happy! It’s about my first girlfriend in my life! Furthermore, it’s Suzu! This is the best!」<br/>
「-, uu, idiottt~~」<br/>
After that, a muscle brain’s greatest happiness cheer was booming in the small public park for a while, together with the remonstrating voice of Suzu who even then couldn’t hide the happiness inside herself.<br/>
<br/>
AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.<br/>
Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.<br/>
Even though I can imagine a ton of realistic problems waiting after returning home from another world, I cannot think of any stylish solution, and relied on magic in the end. Please forgive this poor brain of Shirakome.<br/>
However……something like the transmission of brainwashing magic through the internet using age of god magic, or transmission of subliminal effects using television……I think those are just plain terrifying.<br/>
Perhaps Shirakome is unable to leave the PC today too is because……<br/>
The next update is planned for 6 P.M Saturday next week too.<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/> <br/>
[arifureta-chapter-183-downtown-date-part-2.md](./arifureta-chapter-183-downtown-date-part-2.md) | [185-the-gathering-of-the-returnees.md](./arifureta-chapter-185-the-gathering-of-the-returnees.md) <br/>
