Chapter 100 Previous TOC NextRaid on the Town After picking up some light snack at a street stall, we returned to the inn before it got dark and had a dinner with Wald-sama and rest. At that time――――Ba—m!“Buhiiii.”Simultaneously with an explosive sound, some kind of beastly war cry resounded.“W, what?” “That just now was a monster’s cry, wasn’t it!?” “I, It was nearby, right!?” “This is downtown! Why is a monster here!”The store’s interior suddenly became noisy.“I think the soldiers will intercept it, but…… it would be better to check the state of the situation. Oswald, Mars, we are going!” “”Y, yes!””Inside the noisy store, Isaac-san composedly gave instructions and rushed out of the store together with Oswald-san and Mars-kun. Only Wald-sama remained behind. Is that it? Accompanying us because they are pretty much supposed to be our guards? Normal times in the downtown aside, he won’t leave us at such times?“”Monster~?”” “Looks like it.” “Allen will defeat~” “Elena too~” “Even without Allen and Elena defeating it, the soldiers of this town will.” “”Muu~~~””Hearing about a monster, Allen and Elena grew restless. It’s because their turn didn’t show up that much when monsters appeared on this journey. It seems they are itching to fight.“Oy, oy…… please stop rushing out on every occasion.”Hearing our conversation, Wald-sama said exhaustedly.“Well~ I don’t want us plunging into troubles on our own too, but……”But you see~ because the inn is facing the main street, I can see people running as if escaping from west to the east. That’s why I feel frustrated, just sitting without doing anything……“Captain-!” “Mars? Did you find out what happened?”A short time later, Mars-kun returned. It seems he came to report the situation to Wald-sama.“A swarm of Orcs appeared from the west. The exploding sound from a while ago was from a stone the Orcs threw at the wall. Vice-captain and Oswald-san went straight to the actual scene.” “…… I see.”Orcs, huh…… it seems it was from the west as I thought. N~ Orc is a monster that can be defeated with two or three people of some skill, but……“Is it fine for Wald-sama not to go?” “It’s not like all of us can go and leave you guys behind. Since Isaac went there, I will stay here.”Ah, he remained behind as our guard as I thought.“Well, the soldiers from various places will come together and divide between the subjugation force and the evacuation force. The Feudal Lord’s House’s knights should come out too. Besides…… no, anyhow, there shouldn’t be any problem.”N? Right now, didn’t it feel like Wald-sama was avoiding the last line?“Buhiiii—!”At that moment, the Orcish shout resounded again. It was louder than the one before. Immediately after that, Allen and Elena were pulling on my clothes.“What’s the matter?” “”Onii~chan, let’s go~?”” “…… Let’s go you say, eh? To the west gate?” “”Yeah!”” “……”…… Ahh, yeah, the two didn’t give up yet.“Don’t go. You can’t.” “”Muu~~~””Allen and Elena became sullen at Wald-sama’s cautioning.“”We goingmon!””As if to oppose Wald-sama, Allen and Elena vigorously stood up from their chars.“Whoa! Allen, Elena!?”I stood in panic and caught the two who were about to leave the inn.“”We going~~~”” “Alright, I got it, okay?”When I finally gave up because they wouldn’t settle otherwise, the two became obedient. I was honestly startled by the usually obedient two’s unusual reaction. Is this supposed to be that? Getting stubborn after being oppressed. But, this might be a normal reaction for children. Allen and Elena have been way too obedient until now.“”Really~?”” “Really.” “Oy, Takumi!” “But Wald-sama, please think about it. Don’t you think the damage would be larger if the two went on a rampage like this?” “……”When I said such to Wald-sama who was objecting, he went silent. It appears that he understands how troublesome it would be if Allen and Elena were to rampage.“Wald-sama, you are worried about it too, aren’t you? Shall we go to the west gate?” “…… Can’t be helped.” “Eh? Captain, is that alright!?” “It’s way better than them going on their own. Rather, I think Isaac already saw through this development. That’s why he must have gone ahead to get the information. If not, he would normally stay here while we would be over there.”Wow. It looks like Wald-sama and Isaac-san decided on their roles with eye contact at that moment. What an amazing combination. But, because Wald-sama has reluctantly agreed, we decided to go to the west gate on a separate route to avoid the crowd.“Huh?”After arriving at the west gate and seeing the soldiers and adventurers coming in and out, I noticed a certain thing.“Ah! Wald-sama, are adventurers called together in such cases too?” “Yeah, that’s right. Different ranks are called depending on the situation. Takumi didn’t notice after all?”Emergency call or something like that. Aren’t I in the targeted group too then? Come to think of it, while explaining the actions of the soldiers, Wald-sama was evasive about his last sentence.“Eh? Wouldn’t it be bad if I didn’t go during the emergency call?” “Under normal circumstances. There’s no problem at the moment since you are with us.” “Is that so?” “That is so.”I understand that Wald-sama and rest are moving under the King’s orders, so their priority is that, but am I also involved in it? I don’t understand well, but I will overlook it since it seems like there would be no penalty this time. Also, I’m worried about the frequency, but I should keep emergency calls in mind.“Oh, there he is ――Oy, Isaac.” “My, my, you arrived earlier than I expected.” “The pipsqueaks are more stubborn than you thought, Isaac!” “Oh my, is that so?”When Wald-sama said such, Isaac-san looked at Allen and Elena in my arms without getting surprised.“Monster~” “Will defeat~”Allen and Elena who were stared at by Isaac-san cheerfully raised their fists. Then, Isaac-san made a consenting expression after hearing the two’s words full of eagerness.“So, what’s the situation?” “It’s not that sweet.”When Wald-sama asked about the situation, Isaac-san’s expression changed.“Hahh? The opponents are Orcs, right? They might have numbers, but our higher war potential should manage, right?” “That’s…… there are a superior species.” “What!? Superior species?” “Yes. Its appearance has not been confirmed yet, but the Orcs’ leadership is secured and their numbers aren’t quite going down.”Superior species, huh. Something like this wouldn’t happen if it was just a High Orc, so it must be something even above that. It must be either Orc General or Orc King.“Who is in command here?” “A person called Gregory, he’s the Knight Captain of the Feudal Lord’s House.” “Don’t know him.” “Well, he’s mainly serving the Feudal Lord after all.” “I see. Let’s go see him first. Hey, Takumi. You are going too.” “…… Roger.”It seems that Wald-sama wants to see the person in charge first, but…… apparently together with me. Allen and Elena are itching to fight, but as expected it’s not like I can release them into such chaos, so let’s accompany Wald-sama here~ Previous TOC Next