Chapter 118 Previous TOC NextTonkatsu After finishing deep-frying the tonkatsu, I realized that I don’t have a tonkatsu sauce. Well, it can be eaten with soy sauce or something, but thinking that it would be better if there was the sauce after all, I immediately put the tonkatsu in the《Infinite Storage》and decided to hurriedly make the sauce. Although I say that, I have never made the sauce before, so I will try making a prototype and if I fail, we will just have to eat it with soy sauce. Err, sugar into the Turi fruit (tomato) paste…… no, would honey be better? Also, a bit of soy sauce and vinegar? White sesame… and some condiments? N~ what condiments should I use? Do I use garlic and ginger after all?“Something like this~?”It’s different from the tonkatsu sauce I was imagining, but I was able to make a so-so sauce. This should also go well with tonkatsu.“Takumi-sama, is this a sauce for the deep-fried dish called tonkatsu you made?” “Yes, that’s correct.”The chefs immediately reacted at the completion of the sauce.“M, may we please have a taste?” “…… Ah, yes. Here you go.” “Then, excuse me.”Moreover, they waited with tightly grasped spoons.“Onii~chan, Allen too~” “Elena too~” “This is a sauce, you know?” “”Don’t mind! Taste~””Allen and Elena followed after the chefs and started speaking of tasting the sauce.“Then, just a lick, okay?” “”Yeah!””After letting the two taste it, it was about the time, so I started arranging the dishes.And, the dinner time. Tonight, we are eating with Matthias-san, Rebecca-san and Wald-sama who has just returned from the work.“It seems that Takumi-san prepared tonight’s meal. What did you make?” “The main is a meat dish. I hope it will suit your tastes though.” “Oh, Takumi was cooking today? Each and every dish of Takumi’s is unusual and tasty on top of it. I’m looking forward to it~” “Oh my, Takumi-san is not only good with sweets, but at cooking as well, I see~”Matthias-san and Rebecca-san were very interested while Wald-sama had an expression full of expectations.“”Onii~chan’s meals, delish~!”” “My, my, the meals Oniichan makes must be very tasty then?” “”Yea!””When Allen and Elena boasted of my delicious meals, Rebecca-san looked at the children with a heartwarming smile. The children have already let their guard down completely in front of Rebecca-san.“As I thought, little children are nice, aren’t they~ Wald-san――” “Please ask Elder brother for grandchildren.” “Really~ how heartless~”Wald-sama rejected Rebecca-san’s urging for grandchildren without hesitation. It seems that Wald-sama has not thought about marriage yet. I imagined that nobles would have fiancé or fiancée, but are the second sons who aren’t succeeding the house perhaps relatively free?“It came. Takumi, what is this dish called?”While having such a talk, the meal arrived. Then, looking at the dish in front of him, Wald-sama immediately asked about its name.“It’s called tonkatsu, deep-fried meat in a finely crushed bread.” “Heeh~ tonkatsu, huh~ by the way, what meat is it?” “It’s Orc General.” “”Eh!?””Matthias-san’s and Rebecca-san’s surprised voices resounded. Is Orc General meat unpalatable by any chance?“…… The one from Alveil?” “Yes, that’s correct.”Wald-sama rubbed his glabella.“I heard you went to the Adventurer’s Guild today, did you not sell it?” “I kept all the meat while selling everything else, you know?” “…… I see. Takumi, I will tell you one thing. Even nobility seldom get to eat Orc General meat.” “Is that so?”I imagined that nobility would eat only high-quality meat, but…… it seems I was wrong. In the Risner House…… ah~ seafood was their main ingredient, so I didn’t hear much regarding meat~“Yeah, well you might be able to eat it if you splurge, but we usually eat the orc meat.” “Heeh~”If you usually eat the orc meat common families have to splurge to buy, it would mean that you are eating good meat, huh…… this isn’t good. Because the meat we eat is mostly supplied by ourselves, it feels strange feeling like this. I mean, I thought of occasionally eating the meat of the A-ranked Evil Viper, you know?“Well, I will eat it since it’s a special occasion.” “…… Yes, go ahead. Matthias-san and Rebecca-san too, eat before it gets cold.” “Yeah, let’s eat.” “Let’s eat then, Takumi-san.”Rather, for Wald-sama to point that out…… I’m a bit shocked.“Allen and Elena too, let’s eat.” “”Yea! Itadakimaasu~”” “Itadakimasu.”Seeing the Ruven family’s three eat, we also started eating.“This fellow is tasty~ The Orc General meat itself is tasty, but this cooking method and sauce is so good!” “Yeah, this is nice. It’s my first time experiencing this crunch on outside.” “It’s very delicious~” “”Delish~”” “Ohh!”Uwa~ Orc General meat…… this is delicious~ It’s tender but properly chewy and also juicy. It’s affinity with cutlet is superb! It could be eaten not only as tonkatsu, but katsu curry, katsudon, katsu-sandwich and other ways as well~ I want to try eating it like that next time!“Takumi, would our chefs be able to cook this?” “They were seeing me make it, so I think they will be all right.” “I see!”Wald-sama seemed to like the tonkatsu very much as he laughed delightfully when he got to know that the chefs here would be able to cook it.“You know? That dish which we ate on the way to the capital…… curry and rice was it? It seems like it would go well with this dish.” “That would be katsu curry.”Wald-sama is quite skillful. It appears that he arrived at the concept of katsu curry on his own.“Oh, there really is such dish after all! I would love to eat it right away, but that’s probably unreasonable so I will have to ask the next time.” “Allen will eat too~” “Elena will eat too~”It seems like katsu curry has been decided for the next time.“Say, this curry and rice? What is it? It’s the name of a dish, isn’t it?”At that time, Rebecca-san asked about curry and rice. Matthias-san seemed to have the same question as he looked similarly in wonder.“Umm…… curry is something like a soup stewed with several herbs, flour and vegetables, and rice would be the White Wheat.”Curry and rice is difficult to explain no matter how many times I get asked, isn’t it~“White Wheat, you mean that White Wheat!? Takumi-kun, White Wheat can be eaten?”When I explained what kind of dish it is, Matthias-san raised his voice in surprise.“Yes, it might look hard, but it immensely softens when cooked. That’s why it was typically eaten instead of bread in my home town.”Huh? This conversation…… seems similar to one I had with Wald-sama on the way to the capital?“That thing tastes really simple, but it becomes really great depending on the dish it comes with, doesn’t it~”Wald-sama fondly commented.“Is that so? N~ that is very interesting. The next time you make this curry and rice, would you please let me eat it as well?” “Oh my, I will be also intruding at that time.”Everyone seems to have decided on eating curry and rice the next time. Previous TOC Next