Chapter 19 Previous TOC NextThe Spilled Truth After entering the town, we went straight to the temple first. Of course, it’s to talk with Syl.(Syl, you here~?) (Uwa――――――――n!! Takumi-sa―――n!!）Uwa, what happened!? As soon as I spoke, I could hear Syl’s outrageous crying voice.(I’m glad…… sniff…… you came to see meeee~)Syl continues to cry. Did I do something? N~? …… Nn!?Ah! That thing!? That thing when I picked up Allen and Elena! Which reminds me, I didn’t contact him since then. I just had nothing to talk about, but does Syl think that I’m still angry!? It’s Syl, he’s definitely under that impression.(Ah~…… Syl, sorry…… I’m not mad at you so stop crying) (Dullard… No…… I was in the wrong…… snuff)Un. I can’t tell him that I completely forgot about that matter……(Look, don’t cry. I’m at fault for not coming sooner, but I have something I’d like to ask you) (Ye”s. What is it?)I decided to stop worrying about the crying Syl and get down to business.(Today, my contracted beast has appeared, but it was sent by you, right Syl?) (Contracted beast?) (Monster, a Fenrir. It’s now in my shadow) (Fenrir!? Ah―――!! Water’s! So cunning!! Even though I wanted to send one first!!)Oya? Looks like it wasn’t Syl. But, he seems to know the sender. They are related to a god, after all……(Even though I told him to wait!! Mou! I will also send one immediately!!) (Nono, wait a moment! Before that, by “Water’s” you meant that the one who sends it is the Water God-sama?) (More precisely, the Water God’s retainers. It definitely was the Nagas. It looks like they wanted to express their gratitude. I’m also looking after many other things for you. I will send it now)Before the excited Syl could do something I stopped him and confirmed the sender of Joule for the second time. Water God… It was from his retainers. ――Piron♪ Moreover, they sent items.Gratitude…… No, it’s definitely about Allen and Elena, but is this all right? I thought it would be “Water God” because Allen and Elena possess water skills, but… Although he didn’t give a detailed explanation, is it all right for him to get exposed by himself? Would it be better just to ignore it from now on? I can figure it out from Water God’s retainers, but Syl hasn’t realized yet…When I confirm the items that were transferred to me, the item list got absurdly long. Even though I just skimmed through it, isn’t this full of treasures! This is more than I expected.(Is it all right to receive that much?) (Yes, please accept it. The Water Nagas went out in high spirits to search for the next item, so I think they will bring more to me again. I will send it to you that time!) (Eh? Next? Why!?)Nono! This much is already enough!? Don’t I have enough to be considered a millionaire?(I have properly received their feelings! More than this is a bit!) (Why? Please, accept it without hesitation. It’s something that was originally crammed in a warehouse anyways. I’m just sorry that I could drag out only this. Ah, even though it was crammed there’s no problem with the condition!)That is not the problem here. I am not worried about the condition!? The items can be preserved in the《Infinite Storage》, I’m not worried about the preservation technique of gods!In the first place, isn’t the sense of values of gods wrong? They surely don’t need many things… Besides, a god with a sense for money seems somewhat unpleasant…… Ah~, nevertheless, aren’t the items I received offerings to a god? Is that all right? No, it’s okay, right…… the god himself is giving it to me…… Un, I would feel bad investigating further.(Syl, I’m thankful, but I won’t be able to use it if I receive more) (It’s all right! It’s something we completely forgot about after not touching it for several hundreds of years! It would definitely find more use with Takumi-san!)Syl starts talking with a scarily refreshing face. Forgot!? Aren’t you too cruel!? To whom? Of course, to the people that made the offering. You are receiving their feelings properly? Well… in that case. But, that has nothing to do with me accepting it or not. Eh, I won’t receive a divine punishment? What is this… are you threatening me!?In the end, I was forced to give up. To lose a quarrel with Syl, I feel somehow disappointed in myself……  (Well then, all that’s left is my Contracted beast!)Tsk! He didn’t forget. Because it’s Syl, I was expecting him to forget.(I have Joule already, it’s all right) (Why!? If you have it, your battle force will increase, you can even use it for traveling! It’s convenient! (No, it certainly is convenient and cute, right? But, taking care of animals is hard?)Although I still don’t know what it takes, if they keep on increasing would be a bit…(It’s all right! There’s no problem even if you lead the Contracted beast alone. Feeding is not necessary, all you have to do is to let it play outside occasionally! You can walk around with it when it’s in its small, pet form. Ah! That being the case, you will need a collar)S-Rank monster as a pet…… it certainly has a friendly character and doesn’t look like a monster…… Collar, huh… I would like it if it’s flexible, but you see…(But~……) (Then, I will return that Fenrir to water! And then I will send a new child to Takumi-san!) (Why did it become like that) (That’s because Takumi-san is my family, you know! You should have a wind attributed Contracted beast, not a water attributed one!Syl’s voice became tearful. Does he dislike me having a different attributed Contract beast?(Ah~ I understand! I understand already! I will leave it to you) (Yes! Leave it to me! The water one is a dog, so I will send a cat? Or perhaps a bird? Ah! I will send it tomorrow so, could you go outside the town then?) (Alright)As Syl said, our battle force will increase, it won’t become a nuisance, and it concerns Syl’s dignity as the Wind God, I should just accept. With my acknowledgment, Syl starts choosing the Contracted beast.(What should I pick~ Would one for traveling be better?) (Syl?) (No, will scouting be more useful? N~―――――) (O~i)…………………… He isn’t listening. Well, I asked what I wanted to ask… Oh, well.(Then, see you later)Looks like my words don’t reach Syl who is happily choosing the Contracted beast. Because it couldn’t be helped, I said the greetings for my own sake and left the temple. Previous TOC Next