Chapter 198 Previous TOC NextEnd of Season “Eh!? You are also returning to your fief, Rebecca-san?” “Yes, I am.”The social season is only during the winter, so the season is ending when the New Year begins. The nobility that gathered in the Capital slowly return, and the Ruven family’s eldest son Velio-san and his pregnant wife, Amelia-san, are also returning while Amelia-san’s health is still good. Also, I got informed that the Risner family’s Cedric-san, Theodore-kun, and Latis-kun will be leaving soon as well.“You can see what condition Amelia is in, right? Therefore, I decided to return with them in order to help.”The Ruven family’s fief is being managed by Velio-san, who is the acting Feudal Lord instead of Matthias-san who works at the Capital. That being the case, his wife Amelia-san must have been helping him out with various things. However, her stomach has already come out now. She cannot do as she wishes anymore, for sure~ That’s why I can understand Rebecca-san’s decision to return to the fief with them.“I see. And so, when are you departing?” “That will be in five days.” “eh!? Isn’t that right around the corner!”I thought there would be some time before Rebecca-san leaves, but it seems that there’s not much time left. I thought it might have been too sudden of a decision, but it might be something she has decided on a long before.“”… Obaa~sama.”” “What’s the matter, Allen-chan, Elena-chan?” “”Obaa-sama, you are leaving somewhere~?”” “My, oh my! Is that why are you making such weeping expressions?” “”Uu~~~””Allen and Elena who were listening in to my conversation with Rebecca-san looked like they would burst into tears at any given moment. Seeing the children like that, Rebecca-san made a faintly happy face.“To be sad from being separated to me, that makes me happy~” “”… Uniyu~~~””… No, she seems quite happy about that.“I will also feel lonely without you two around~ Right! Why don’t you come with me as well, Allen-chan, Elena-chan!” “”Come with~?”” “Yes, you are always touring the towns with your big brother, right? In that case, why don’t you tour the Ruven territory’s towns next? ——Say, Takumi-san, don’t you find it a good idea?” “Let’s see~…”We have spent considerably long in the Capital already, so it’s certain that I was thinking that it’s about time to visit the next town. Well, I had not decided where to go yet at all, though.“I did not have a town to visit in mind, so it’s an idea to consider. However, it will end up with us being spoiled again…”I think that it’s a good idea… but, that will make us indebted to the Ruven family once again.“Oh my, you are saying something about being spoiled, but that’s just providing you with a place to stay, right? I wouldn’t call that spoiling you. Besides, you have provided for us more than we ever could, Takumi-san.” “Eh, you think so?” “Indeed.”What is it? I thought we were being taken care of one-sidedly, but that doesn’t seem to be the case. N~ Something I provided the Ruven family with… food? Well, I can’t think of anything else right now.“N~ what do you want to do, Allen, Elena?” “”Wanna go!”” “To the Ruven territory’s town, you mean?” “”Yea!””The teary-eyed Allen and Elena were instantly smiling brightly.“All right, let us go then.” “”Really~?”” “Yeah. Well, we will have to part with Rebecca-san for a while, though.” “”Why~?””Going to the Ruven territory’s town to play is good and all. However, we won’t be able to leave with Rebecca-san in a few days time. I mean, I have to pick up the magic tools, mortar and mallet, we also have to send Cedric-san’s group off.“We have things left undone in the Capital, after all. We can only depart after setting them…——Rebecca-san, Ruven fief is located to the east of the Capital, near the coastland, right?” “Yes, that’s correct. It’s Rubia, a town where diplomatic relations with Serdik are thriving.” “There are other towns on the way from Capital to Rubia, right?” “Yes.——Ah, so that’s what you mean.”Understanding what I was thinking, Rebecca-san smiled.“Allen-chan, Elena-chan, please come to Rubia after slowly touring other towns.” “”Other towns~?”” “That’s right. There are many things you two still don’t know about, right? Therefore, see lots, feel it… it’s important to experience many things in life.” “”……… Important~””That’s right, instead of going straight to Rubia, I wanted to take the opportunity and enjoy the towns and villages along the way.“Hahaha~ thank you so much for speaking for me, Rebecca-san.” “Fufu, looks like I was right.” “Yes, I was surprised because there was no difference from what I was thinking.”It really seems like she read my thoughts.“Rebecca-san, I think you have to make preparations, but could you look after Allen and Elena when you have time?” “Of course.”After that——“Obaa~sama, let’s eat snacks~” “Obaa~sama, let’s read a book~”Allen and Elena clung to Rebecca-san like newly born ducklings. Previous TOC Next