Chapter 199 Previous TOC NextParting Allen and Elena unusually didn’t speak of “wanting to play outside” or “wanting to accept a request, and spent their time with Rebecca-san when they could.“Allen-chan, Elena-chan, how about having tea?” “”Yea! You know~ we made snacks~”” “Oh my, you two made them yourselves?” “Yeah, Allen you see, I made a chocolate pudding~” “Elena made Ichi pudding!”And, while Rebecca-san was busy, they said that they wanted to make snacks to eat with her when she’s free, so they took the challenge of making this new snack.“”How is it? How is it?”” “My, it’s really nice, you two.” “”Really!?””Seeking the impression on the pudding they made themselves, they were truly delighted when told it was delicious.“”Will make again~”” “My, is that fine with you? But, wasn’t it difficult making something this yummy?” “”Is fine~”” “Then, I will have to leave it to you.” “”Yea!””Such days continued, but five days passed in the blink of an eye, and the morning of Rebecca-san, Velio-san, and Amelia-san’s departure arrived.“”… Au~”” “My, oh my, Allen-chan, Elena-chan, please don’t cry.”Large drops of tears were spilling from Allen and Elena’s eyes. Although they depart on a journey themselves, this is the first time they are sending someone close to them off.“Allen, Elena, it’s not like we are parting forever, so you have to send her off with a smile.” “That’s right. We will meet again, right?” “”… Yeah.””They were still hesitating, but Allen and Elena stopped crying and tried to smile.“”Obaasama~ see you again.”” “Yes, let’s meet again.” “”Yea.””The children hugged Rebecca-san tightly and said their farewells.“Rebecca-san, Velio-san, Amelia-san, I wish you safe travels.” “Thank you. I will be looking forward to meeting in Rubia again.” “Takumi-kun, it was fun spending time with you. Come to our fief whenever you want.” “We will be awaiting you.”I had not spent much time with Velio-san and Amelia-san, but the two are gentle people, so even now, they feel like my older siblings.“I will collect many gifts with the children on the way.” “Will collect~” “Many~” “””……”””For some reason, the three turned silent when they heard our remark.“… Takumi-san? By that, you only mean… vacation souvenirs, right?” “Ah, so he meant it like that. My~ I was getting chills thinking what kind of absurd thing Takumi-kun would bring with him.”Certainly, as Rebecca-san said, Allen and Elena will give them souvenirs from what they experienced on the trip the next time they meet, but I was thinking of gifts of quality, though~ … Still, just what kind of absurd gifts did you have in mind, Velio-san?“… When are gifts considered as absurd?”But, to speak the truth, I have no idea when gifts get considered as absurd, so I can’t help but feel that I would do it.“From what I experienced up until now… Majesta fruit, truffle, Snowbelow mushrooms, Orc General or Armored Buffalo are quite absurd, in my opinion. Ah, Pastel Rabbits too. Looking at it like that, Takumi’s common sense has become distinctly absurd, didn’t it~”Here, Wald-sama pointed out for some reason. Should I say that it’s as I expected or what… I feel somewhat annoyed that it was pointed out by Wald-sama, though.“… Then, I will do my best to bring you Dragon meat as a gift.” “”Will do my best~””Therefore, when I declared to bring an absurd gift, Allen and Elena also showed their fists with all smiles.“Nonono! Don’t joke about that, Takumi!” “I could take this occasion to investigate thoroughly what absurd really means~” “… Oy, Takumi, stop right there.”Wald-sama tried to stop me, but I pretended I didn’t hear.“Ah, wouldn’t fur be better rather than meat that will get consumed? Err, what monster would be good for fur?” “Bear~?” “Wolf~?” “Then, how about sending one to the Ruven mansion in the Capital and another one to the Ruven mansion in the fief?” “”Ohh~ will do my best~”” “I am telling you to stop right there!”Wald-sama finally raised his voice.“”No good~?”” “Yeah, that’s no good.” “”Why~?”” “Why… that’s because it’s not normal.” “”What is normal?”” “Normal!? Normal is… a typical thing.” “What is~” “Typical?” “Typical is, you know…——”Allen and Elena barraged Wald-sama with questions. It’s quite difficult being questioned, isn’t it~ yep, let’s leave this to Wald-sama!“Takumi-san.”Just when I stepped back from the children and Wald-sama, Rebecca-san and Matthias-san approached me.“I will be looking forward to the delicious Dragon meat.” “I was also thinking of getting a new fur carpet. Takumi-kun, I will be hoping you find something nice for me.” “Yes, I will do my best to answer your expectations.”The two are smiling very much, so they are surely not being serious and are only getting onboard on my joke. … Although I say that, I might be able to do something about a good fur carpet, but as expected, Dragon meat might be a bit difficult.“Fufu. But, I wouldn’t like waiting too long. Therefore, even if you don’t get a souvenir, round up playing around and come over.” “Got it. I don’t want to play outside for decades too, so I will etch it in my mind.” “Yes, please do that.”Rebecca-san smiled and hugged me lightly.“Rebecca-san?” “Takumi-san, you will be leaving on a journey too after this, but you are like my third son to me. Therefore, both this house and the house in the fief are your home. You can come anytime without hesitation.” “… Thank you very much.”Deeply moved that Rebecca-san thought of me like that, I unconsciously turned teary-eyed.“Won’t this make me to come to Rubia immediately when I get lonely?” “You will be very welcome.” “Rebecca-san, you can’t tempt me.” “Oh my, how unfortunate.”This time, she invited me while laughing.“But, I will really be waiting for you.” “Yes, we will come soon.” “Allen-chan, Elena-chan, be well.” “”Yea, Obaasama~ too.””Rebecca-san once more spoke to Allen and Elena who came to us before I noticed, got on board the carriage and departed. Allen and Elena waved their hands until the carriage could be seen no more. Previous TOC Next