Chapter 228 Previous TOC NextSoup When the kids got engrossed in playing again, I decided to start working on the soup.<br/>
(Takumi Nii, what are you making today?) "I’m going to make soup today.<br/>
" (Soup! What kind of soup?) "About that.<br/>
 I have not decided yet~"Miso soup, consommé, cream, tomato, curry… a variety of soup bases come to my mind.<br/>
 In addition, taking the combination of ingredients into consideration, I can think of quite a lot of different kinds of soups.<br/>
"N~ is consommé soup the most familiar to the people of this world?"Consommé can be made with beef, chicken and fish too, but let’s do it with chicken this time!    (Consommé soup! I like it with eggs!) "Eggs, huh.<br/>
 Yep, alright.<br/>
 Let’s make that first then.<br/>
" (Yay!)Now that the kind of soup has been decided, I got to work on it immediately.<br/>
 First, I cleaned the Treasure Bird bones I set aside and put them in a large pot.<br/>
 I poured in plenty of water, added spring onions, carrots, and soy sauce and put it on fire.<br/>
 Ah, let’s put in a little bit of cold sake.<br/>
 After that, simmer over low heat while skimming off the scum.<br/>
 Of course, I intend to save time with magic, but it will still take some time.<br/>
(That’s a lot!) "Everyone will eat it for lunch, right?" (Of course, we will!)I planned on making enough soup for lunch too, and while that’s cooking, I’m going to make lunch so I took jam, custard cream, and syrup from my inventory stock.<br/>
"As for lunch… let’s make a French toast we did not have for quite a while~" (French toast! So happy!)I prepared honey, fruits, jam, chocolate sauce, ice cream, etc.<br/>
 so that everyone can choose whatever topping they like!"Anyhow, let’s make more jams first.<br/>
" (I want to eat Riigo fruit jam!) "Roger that! In addition to Riigo fruit, let’s do Ranka, Oren, Ichi… let’s also make Riko fruit jam~ Mile, is there any other flavor you would like to eat?" (Err, umm… Ron fruit would be nice!) "Okay, Ron fruit is good.<br/>
 Even better yet, shouldn’t we make every fruit I have into a jam?" (Agreed!)There was no need to narrow the jams down to several types, so I decided to make all the fruit I have on me into jams.<br/>
(We made a lot!) "Haha, lining them up like this is quite a sight to behold~ Thank you for helping me, Mile.<br/>
"When we lined up the colorful bottled jams next to each other, it became a spectacular sight.<br/>
 This was also thanks to Mile who did her best to help with her little body~(I’m glad to be of help! Takumi Nii, is the soup done yet?) "N? Looks to be about done.<br/>
<br/>
All right, it’s done.<br/>
" (Looks yummy!) "Thanks.<br/>
 Why don’t you give it a taste, Mile?" (You sure!?) "You have helped me a lot, after all.<br/>
 Keep it a secret from everyone, though.<br/>
" (Okay!)When I scooped the soup into a little plate for Mile, she happily drank it.<br/>
(It’s very delicious!) "Really? I’m glad to hear that.<br/>
"Yep, there’s no problem with the taste.<br/>
"Well then, this is where the real challenge begins.<br/>
——Freeze.<br/>
"I took a cup of soup and used magic to freeze it.<br/>
(You froze it?) "Indeed.<br/>
 And also, this——Dry.<br/>
"This time, I dried the frozen soup by magic.<br/>
 Erm, it’s better to do this operation in a vacuum, isn’t it?(It shriveled!) "The amount of water has reduced.<br/>
 N~ Is this fine, I wonder?" (Is it done?) "… I think so?" (You think so?) "Right.<br/>
 I mean, this is my first time, after all.<br/>
"I pinched the soup which has shrunk between my fingers and checked its condition.<br/>
"It looks fine as far as I can see.<br/>
 Well, we will know once we pour hot water on it.<br/>
"<br/><br/>
I put the freshly freeze-dried soup into a cup and poured hot water on it.<br/>
(You are pouring hot water on it?) "Correct.<br/>
 You carry it around in that dry state and pour hot water on it like this when you want to eat it.<br/>
"I stirred it well with a spoon and it returned to what looked like a normal soup.<br/>
(It turned back into a soup!) "Yeah, it seems to be fine.<br/>
"When I tried it, it tasted a little too salty.<br/>
 However, it won’t be a problem when the amount of hot water is adjusted.<br/>
(Takumi Nii, did you just make easy-to-carry soup?) "Yep, that’s right.<br/>
" (That’s incredible!) "Is that so? Thank you.<br/>
"It came out well, so I started to mass-produce this freeze-dried egg soup.<br/>
<br/>
Onii~chan.<br/>
<br/>
When I was done with the mass-production, the children ran over.<br/>
(Oniichan, I’m hungry~) (Niichan, feed me!)They apparently came because they got hungry.<br/>
"Shall we have lunch then?" (Everyone, there are French toasts for lunch!) <br/>
((((Yay~!))))<br/>
I let everyone choose their favorite toppings.<br/>
<br/>
Is done~!<br/>
 (The combination of Nana fruit, chocolate ice cream and chocolate sauce Allen made looks very tasty~) (Elena’s Ichi fruit one looks delicious.<br/>
) <br/>
Ehehe~<br/>
 "Feat’s looks yummy too!" "Bolt’s too!" (Oh my, thank you.<br/>
) (Thank you very much.<br/>
)Allen, Elena, Feat, and Bolt each picked their favorite fruits, jams, and ice creams.<br/>
(I’d like Ichi and Riigo.<br/>
 Also, milk and chocolate ice creams.<br/>
 Oh~ It’s difficult to leave the nuts ice cream behind! Ron fruit jam would be nice too~!) (I want all!) (I would like Riigo jam!)Joule and Vector chose several kinds of toppings, while Mile picked only one type of jam, Riigo jam.<br/>
 There are these kinds of personalities too~(It was a failure.<br/>
 It was yummy, but the flavors got mixed~) (Because you are greedy!)Everyone ate happily, but Joule alone was regretting his choice and did not escape Mile’s admonishing.<br/>
(It’s good even when mixed, though?)The sight of Vector, who chose even more types of toppings than Joule, eating in a trance was something to behold.<br/>
 Previous TOC Next<br/><br/>
