Chapter 45 Previous TOC NextNew Dungeon After parting ways with Kaiser, we have returned to the Blue Waters Shrine. And in the next morning.“You are already leaving? Please stay a little longer. We haven’t shown our hospitality yet.” “No, no. We have already received enough.” “Because Takumi-sama must have some plans, it would be rude of us to try to make him stay forcibly. Please come again, by all means.” “Yes. We will visit again.” “It is a promise.”I finish our farewells with Miko Himesama, Gard-san, and Mirena-san whom I am indebted and decided to promise to visit again. ◇ ◇ ◇ “Allen, Elena~ You must not touch that.” “”Ye~s.””While carefreely swimming to the land, a flashy red starfish with purple polka dots――Acid Starfish appeared. It has a paralysis poison. If touched directly, your whole body would get paralyzed, but you wouldn’t die. If kicked while wearing leather shoes, there is no problem at all. However as expected, am I being too overprotective by not wanting them even to approach it?Dealing with it underwater with wind and water magic would be too troublesome, so I retrieve the Water Katana from the《Infinite Storage》 and cut directly at the Starfish. Because it’s an E-Rank monster, I finish it with one slash. When mixing the Acid Starfish’s paralytic poison with medicinal plants, it can be used as anesthetics. Rather, it’s a monster whose materials are not worth the time. However, it would be difficult to extract the poison here, so I just store it whole into the《Infinite Storage》.“Ah, Crab-san~” “Crab-san, defeat~”A Sand Crab appeared this time. Three at once. Allen and Elena happily rush towards the crabs to defeat them. I thought of helping since there are three crabs, but two of them were instantly defeated with one blow. It appears that helping is not necessary at all. “………… Huh?”While coming out on the seashore, I noticed a certain reef. That is certainly…… looks familiar…… If it looks familiar, it means that it’s most likely from the implanted knowledge. When I look for that implanted memory, I immediately remember. Ah, right! A dungeon! That reef is the entrance to a dungeon.The 53rd “Dungeon of Ripples.” An Intermediate Class Water Dungeon.I decided to stop by since we have a precious dungeon and we change course towards the reef. There’s an entrance to the dungeon in the sea. When we pass through the entrance, there was a waterway that lasted approximately 50m. We will be fine because of the mermaid bracelets we have received, but people who don’t have them would have to dive all the way? I don’t have any experience in diving, so I wouldn’t really know, but I have doubts about holding the breath for such distance. Tens of seconds while swimming at full speed? There are people who can hold their breath for several minutes, so it’s not completely impossible, huh…The waterway went down a little, and there was a dead end at the end. There’s a light overhead. It appears we can get out from up there. When I cautiously look around from the sea surface, there was a hall-like place. This seems to be the start point of the dungeon. I can see a transfer device in the center of the hall.First of all, I lift up Allen and Elena to the edge of the hall and then I climb out of the water myself. And then, when I check my guild card,『53rd Dungeon “Sazami” 0/30 floor』has been recorded. There’s entrance in the inner part of the hall. Because there doesn’t seem to be any other places we may be able to enter, that must be the entrance to the first floor.“Now then, what should we do?”I had impulsively entered a dungeon, but I have returned from the sea I have just gotten used to. Actually, I was planning to go to the town of Bailey and rest for a while.“”Let’s go~!””It seems that Allen and Elena are already full of intentions to go. Although they don’t show fatigue, they are still five years old children. Because they don’t show fatigue, I want to take regular breaks, but…“”Is okay~”” “…………”Recently, I have a feeling that Allen and Elena are able to read my thoughts. …… My thoughts are not reflected on my face, are they? It makes me worried a little.“N~ Then, shall we go up to the tenth floor? Once we get there, let’s go take a break in the town.” “”Yea!””The Dungeon of Ripples altogether has 30 floors. It’s an Intermediate Class dungeon. In the case of an Intermediate Class dungeon, there are transfer devices every ten floors. Using the transfer device, it’s possible to resume the dungeon capture from the tenth floor next time. With that, we won’t waste time even if we take a break. The arrangements are made so let’s begin the dungeon capture without reservation. But, before that―――“It’s almost noon so let’s go after having a meal.” “”Yeah! Meal~!”” “Is there anything you’d like to eat?” “”N~……””N~ As for me, I would like to eat something warm. We have been in the care of the Blue Waters Shrine――The Mermaids’ main meals are raw fish and shellfish sashimi, vegetables and seaweed salads that were cultivated in the Blue Waters Shrine. Everything was very delicious, but because they are basically a race that doesn’t use fire, there were no warm dishes.“”Furench Tosto!””While remembering the meals of the Blue Waters Shrine, Allen and Elena have apparently decided. Their request is a sweet French Toast with plentiful of honey. They didn’t request a lot of honey themselves, but “French Toast = plentiful of honey” is fixed for the twins.“Let’s see…… let’s make a French Toast with a warm soup then?” “”Yea.”” “Then, will you help me with the making of the French Toast?” “”Will help~””When I put eggs and sugar into a bowl, Allen presses down the bowl with his both hands as I was used to, and Elena began mixing the egg. Because the French Toast is Allen’s and Elena’s most favorite dish, I have made it many times and had the two help me each time. When the egg scrambled, I put milk in the bowl. This time, Elena pressed down on the bowl, and Allen starts mixing.“”Done~”” “Thank you.”It seems they have already completely mastered the egg-mixing for the French Toast. I thoroughly soak bread in the egg mixture the two children made, melt butter in the frying pan and start cooking. Once done, I place the toasts on a plate and pour honey over it. For the soup, let’s have the pre-made vegetable consommé soup. Pour it in the cups, and. Alright! It’s completed.“It’s done~” “”Ye~s.”” “Then, itadakimasu.” “”Itadakima~shu.”” Previous TOC Next