Chapter 49 Previous TOC NextHarbor Town Bailey After successfully capturing the tenth floor, we have returned to the hall on the first floor where we spend the night. Of course, we have thoroughly enjoyed Kani Nabe for dinner. I used miso based soup and used not only crabs but also other seafood such as shrimps and plenty vegetables. Sand Crabs are really delicious. Allen and Elena stuffed their cheeks full. They were chewing with inflated cheeks, looking like cute squirrels~And the next morning, we have arrived in Bailey. When we entered the town, we headed towards the harbor first. Bailey is connected to a sea, so many boats are coming in and out of the harbor. Fishing boats and merchant ships transporting people and goods to other countries. Large and small ships are lined up in the harbor.Despite it being early in the morning, the square near the harbor is crowded with many people. It’s a morning market. The fresh marine products caught in the morning are being sold here. There are also many stalls where you can eat on the spot. We have not eaten breakfast this morning yet. I thought that such a place would be in a harbor town, so we came here early in the morning. We have spotted many street stall and shops while looking around. A shop selling fresh fish. A shop selling fish and shellfish grilled on a charcoal fire. A considerable variety of seafood is being sold. Oh, this shop is selling scallops. This stall is selling scallops in shells on top of a grill. The muscles of these scallops are larger than of the Yesso Scallops I’m familiar with.“Hello.” “Ou, welcome. These were caught just this morning. Would you like to eat some?” “They look delicious. Is this seasoned with salt?” “Yeah, that’s right.” “If possible, I would like to season it myself, is it okay?” “A different seasoning? Well, I don’t mind.” “Then, can I have three?” “These are almost done. Are these fine?” “Yes. Then……――”I pay the money and place a piece of butter on top of the muscles. When the butter melts, I sprinkle it with soy sauce. The butter and soy sauce heat up in a blink of an eye and a delicious smell floats around. It’s butter-soy sauce grilled scallop. Scallops should be done like this when it comes to the grill, right?“Allen, Elena. It’s hot so be careful when eating, okay?” “”Ye~s.””When I hand the hot shells to Allen and Elena after transferring it on a plate, the two fuufuu… cool it down and start eating.“Allen, Elena. How is it? Delicious?” “”Delish~””Seeing Allen and Elena eat so deliciously, I take the big scallop and eat too. Terrific! Delicious!! The muscle is so tender and delicious. Moreover, because it’s so big, I got quite filled with just one.“”Onii~chan, delish~?”” Yep, it’s delicious.”Somehow, I feel warm and fluffy~“S, smells really good. Niichan, I understand the first thing was butter, but what was the dark liquid?” “It’s sap from a tree called Koikuchi which grows in dungeons, it’s seasoning called Soy Sauce. Would you like to try?” “I, is that okay!? Please!”The stall owner who watched us eat seemed to want to try it too. The fragrance of butter and soy sauce is really appetizing after all. When I asked if he wants to try, he immediately bit the bait. Therefore, when I finished making the scallop with the same procedure as before, the stall owner immediately chomped it down.“Delicious!! What is this, I have never tasted anything so delicious. So good!”Super-high praise. The stall owner finished eating in a blink of an eye. I know it’s delicious, but let’s calm down a bit. If you shout so loud, you will attract the attention of the surroundin――“Old man, that looks delicious. I’d like to eat that too!” “Me too!” “Give me some too~” “I would like some too.”Are? The surroundings had gathered before I noticed…… It appears that the passersby already gathered because of the fragrance.“”Ah~””Unconsciously, the stall owner and I leak out a voice.“Niichan…… could you lend me that soy sauce?” “Well, I’m also responsible, so I don’t mind.”I obtained quite a lot of soy sauce in the town of Shirin, so there’s no problem selling a bottle to this uncle. Rather, butter and soy sauce scallops are not a product here. If I said something wrong, the people here would probably riot.“Sorry about that~ By the way, could you lend me some butter too?” “Ah~ Sure.”Lured by the fragrance, customers seeking butter and soy sauce scallops formed a queue. The stall owner stuffed the grill with scallops to the limit. Because I couldn’t just feign ignorance and leave, I was in charge of putting butter and soy sauce over the scallops. Allen and Elena who finished eating their scallops were clinging to my legs while quietly observing the situation.“Sorry. We are sold out!”The scallops ran out of stock in no time. People who hadn’t eaten yet walked away from the stall with disappointed expressions. To be honest, I didn’t expect such a thing to happen.“To be sold out so early, it’s my first time since setting the stall up. Niichan, sorry, you even had to help me~” “Well~ I was surprised that so many people came~” “You don’t see such seasonings around here after all. The tempting appetizing smell makes it even better. Everyone would get attracted to it.”From talking more, it appears that every stall only uses salt as seasoning. I guess it will be delicious just because it’s fresh, but having the same taste in every shop……“Nevertheless, I had sold it because of the course of events, was that okay? Or……”The stall owner is fidgeting for some reason. He’s hesitating to ask something. Un, a fidgeting old man is not cute at all. This is that. The same attitude Road-san had when I made Cream bread.“No problem. If you want to sell it, do as you please.” “Really!?”It’s just pouring over some seasoning, it’s not that different from the original dish. It’s just――“However, please supply the seasoning by yourself.” “Of course!”If he uses up the soy sauce, he has to secure more by himself. I had to make that point clear.“Oh, right! Niichan, take this.”The stall owner held out a bucket which was laying aside at the stall. Inside were without a doubt, scallops. Are? Wasn’t he sold out?“These are slightly smaller than the ones I sell. They are smaller in size, but I can guarantee the taste.”The stall owner says he can’t sell them, but they are big enough to eat.“Is that okay?” “Sure. I think it’s little lacking as thanks, but please accept them.” “Thank you very much.”After I had received the scallops, the owner went looking for a store selling soy sauce, so we have separated. Leaving the stall as is……“He left.” “”Left~””Well, the stalls on both sides should be owned by his acquaintances, so it’s probably okay……“Allen, Elena, you can still eat, right? What would you like to eat next~?” “”N, you see~…… That~””I made them wait a while, but let’s continue the breakfast? Previous TOC Next