Chapter 54 Previous TOC NextMan-Eating Lion I heard an electric sound just like when Feat and Bolt came, a big animal appeared in my field of vision and then it approached me.“Hah!?”…… Surely…… not? A big lion with red fur has appeared in front of me. Elephant size? Ah but, I have never seen an elephant up close so I can’t say for sure. But, it would be at least such size. ＝＝＝＝＝StatusSkills Name: — Race: Scarlet King Leo (Takumi’s Contracted beast) Occupation: Fighter Age: 7 Level: 33 Fire Magic Claw Slash Roar Charge Crush Shrink Night Vision Presence Detection ＝＝＝＝＝ Whoa~…… an outrageous animal has turned up. When I immediately check using appraisal, it’s without a doubt the contracted beast that the Flame God-sama has sent for me. Scarlet King Leo is an S-Rank monster. Moreover, it’s ferocious monster often called with names such as “Man-Eating Lion”, “Bloodthirsty Lion” or “Red Devil”. I have nothing to criticize about its fighting power, but…… this, I can’t possibly take it along? No matter how you look, isn’t it a target of fear?“You have been sent by the Fire God-sama, right?” “Garuru.”Yep, just a little purr is so powerful because of its size.“Ah~ Best regards. Umm, right…… Vector. You are Vector.” “Garu.”Is he happy? It looks fierce, but isn’t it unexpectedly affable?“Ah~ Vector. Could you become smaller? I can’t see your face like this.” “Garu.”When I said so, Vector shone slightly and turned into a large-breed dog size lion. A~…… Vector’s appearances are very characteristic so even though he became the size of a large dog, he’s still a red lion. …… This, won’t it be revealed right away that he’s Scarlet King Leo even though he became small?“”Vector~?”” “Garu.”Before I noticed, Allen and Elena approached Vector. Not only the children, even the senior contracted beasts came near.“Allen, Elena. Vector is also one of our children starting today. Get along well~” “”Yea.”” “Joule, Feat, and Bolt too. It’s our new companion. Be good to each other~” “Wafu.” “Gau.” “Pii.”Putting aside the appearances, I prepare a collar for Vector at once. Would a matching one with Joule and others alright? ◇ ◇ ◇ When I got out of the sea, I fixed our soaking wet appearances with life magic’s《Washing》and《Dry》. After that I prepared the magic tools for Vector――A similar collar and bracelet Joule and Feat have.“Here comes~ There~” “Wafu.” “Here as well~ There~” “Gau.”Vector became completely familiar with everyone and begun to play on the sandy beach. Right now, Allen and Elena are throwing balls made of wood, and the contracted beasts are fetching them.“Vector too~” “Here comes~” “Garu.”After Joule’s and Feat’s turn, it was Vector’s turn next. But――“”Huh~?”” “O, oi? Vector, where are you going~?”Vector went past the thrown ball and started vigorously running. And then, he suddenly disappeared from my sight. Should I chase after him? While thinking so, Vector immediately returned.“………?”N? Vector is holding something in his mouth…… Wwha!!?“Whoa! Vector. What’s that in your mouth!?”Vector came with a person in his mouth. It’s a woman. Vector holds a woman by the nape of her neck and running while dragging her body along. When seen from afar, I thought it was blood because I saw red. However, it wasn’t blood, but her long red hair. Don’t startle me like that…… I thought for a moment that Vector had bitten a person to death. When Vector returned to my side, goron, he dropped the person in his mouth on the ground.“He, hey! Are you all right!?”I confirm the woman’s safety in a panic. There was no response when I shook with her. It’s no doubt that she’s alive, but…… has she blacked out?“……… Zzz.”No, wrong…… she’s sleeping… huh…….“”Sleeping~?”” “…… Seems like it.”Munyamunya, I can hear a faint sleeper’s breath. How can she sleep so soundly in such situation? This, is she really just sleeping? But, I don’t see any external wounds~“Uu…… hungry……”…… Moreover, it appears that she’s hungry. How carefree~ First of all, let’s confirm her status―― ＝＝＝＝＝StatusSkillsTitles Name: Vivian Race: Demon (Vampire) Occupation: Operative Age: 147 Level: 54 Dagger Technique Throwing Darkness Magic Life Magic Dismantling Fathom Concealment Leap Stealthy Steps Night vision Lockpicking Trap Disarm Compounding Magic Attack Resistance Abnormal Status Resistance Red Rose Princess ＝＝＝＝＝ Truly startling contents. Rather, she’s a demon! Moreover, a vampire! Demons on Aetherdia have the same treatment as the coexisting Elves and Dwarves. Hostile against humans or worshipping Maou that wants to destroy the world…… they are not such beings. There are just fewer in numbers than other races while living longer lives. At a glance, this person is no different from a human. Moreover, she seems to be of the same generation as me, yet she’s 147 years old. How long was the life span of vampire again? Were they able to easily live past a millennium? Her skill composition is incredible! It may be just my imagination, but her skills are as if an assassination was her family business. She’s actually an operative.“Vector, was this person collapsed over there?” “Garu.” “I see.”Vector purred proudly for some reason. He probably tried to give a helping hand.“But, Vector. Dragging along is no good. This is a sandy beach, you could have injured her.” “Garu~n…”Vector is obviously disheartened.“N, no, I’m not angry. Be more careful next time, okay?” “Garu!”I’m not angry, but I must discipline him, so he doesn’t go around picking up strange things. I thought such. Nevertheless, what to do about this person……――Guu~~~…………… It’s almost noon, shall I prepare the lunch~ The meal would get covered with sand here so let’s move somewhere else first…… Previous TOC Next