Chapter 55 Previous TOC NextRevenge This happened a few days after arriving at the town of Shirin.◆ ◆ ◆“Excuse me.” “Ou, welcome.” “I heard you sell white wheat here, do you have it?” “White wheat? We have it.”Right. White wheat! Today, I have come to purchase rice. White wheat is not popular, so people who know of it and stores that sell it are few, so I had troubles finding it. I visited a store from a store and finally found it. I got onigiri and boiled rice from Syl, but it wasn’t that much. I’m glad I could find it before running out. I don’t dislike bread, but as expected, as a Japanese, I want to regularly eat rice.“What Niisan, you keep cattle?” “No. That’s not the case, but can I purchase it?” “Ou. That’s no problem. I will bring it, wait a moment.”As expected, it appears that White wheat does not have any other use than feeding the domestic animals. Therefore, rather than saying that I’m going to “eat it” and being looked at with strange eyes, it’s better to deceive somehow. The shopkeeper brought a jute bag with White wheat from inside the store. From the looks of it, it’s about five kg.“Is that alright?”When I confirm the bag contents, it’s indeed rice! Neatly polished white grains of rice was inside the bag. I imagined it would have rice husks, or it would not be unpolished, but it’s unexpectedly in a good bearing. This can be used immediately.“I would like a little more, but do you have more?” “I don’t mind. How much would you like?” “…… How much are you selling?”If it can be bought, I want to secure rather a lot. Because there’s no quality improvement, I think that the taste will be less than that of Japan’s rice, but it’s better than life without rice. Even if it’s not good to eat as white rice, depending on the seasonings, risotto or Chinese fried rice should be no problem.“We have currently four bags in the store altogether. There’s no problem selling all of it. We would have to stock up for more which would take time.”Four bags…… around twenty kg, huh.“If there’s no problem selling them, I will purchase all four bags.” “Ooh, I alright. I will carry them out.”I buy out all White wheat from the store and leave the store chuckling to myself. ◇ ◇ ◇ “Now then, since there’s no rice cooker, it’s the pot. Can I do it well, I wonder……”I started preparing outside the city to try making rice with White wheat.――Piron♪N? Before I even tried to start to cook the rice, I heard an electrical sound inside my head.“It’s Syl, isn’t it? …… Open.”When I opened the menu screen, a new item has appeared on the item list.“Ooh, this is!”Rice cooker! A rice cooker that uses fire magic stone instead of electrical outlets has been delivered to me. Usage is the same as the electrical one, insert rice and water and switch on! It appears to automatically stop when the rice is done. It seems that it can’t retain the warmth because it’s just a tool to cook, but this is still wonderful. Gratitude to Syl! Thank you!! After immediately taking it out of《Infinite Storage》and using it, the rice was done in ten minutes. It’s faster than fast cooking! Very wonderful!“Hot…… ngu.”I tried eating cooked rice right away. Ah, it tastes normal. It won’t be a problem using it like white rice.“Allen, Elena. Ahh~”Allen and Elena were fixedly jii~… staring at me, so when I presented the spoon with rice in front of them, the two pakan opened their mouths. They look like little chicks wanting to get fed. When I put the rice in each’s mouth, the two mogumogu savor the taste.“How is it?” “”…… Delish~”” “I see. I’m glad.”Allen and Elena smile slightly. I think that I’m really glad that rice suits the two’s tastes. I would prepare something different for them if they didn’t like it, but as expected, I would be a little sad if they didn’t like rice.Now then, shall I make the remaining rice into easy to eat onigiri? However, there’s no nori. Moreover, I’m worried that the salt won’t hold it together, so I’d like to at least use as a garnish… garnish, huh…… because I have not obtained ingredients for seafood yet, I don’t have salmon or cod…… for the same reason okaka, kombu, and seaweed can’t be cooked. Tuna-mayo…… I don’t have tuna. Rather, how do you prepare tuna? Soak the tuna fillet in oil and heat at a low temperature? Let’s try after getting my hands on tuna. Tenmusu? Again……. shrimps are also ingredients from the sea…… Thinking like this, there are many ingredients of the sea used with rice, aren’t there~ Other than sea…… umeboshi? I do have plum-like fruit, but it’s no umeboshi. Leaf mustard? I have something resembling which it could be made from, but I’m bad at it so it’s rejected. I need to prepare chicken while cooking rice. It’s not possible this time, but the ingredients are likely to gather, so let’s try next time. Muu~ What else is thereee? I unexpectedly can’t remember……. ◆ ◆ ◆ In the end, I had no choice, but to preserve the rice in the《Infinite Storage》that day. Therefore, with the ingredients I have bought at the harbor’s morning market, I will take my revenge!What I’m preparing is a grilled salmon-like fish. I made a fake tuna-mayo with a tinge of red slices of tuna-like fish. I think it turned out quite well. The rest is seasoned with minced kombu and soy sauce. I finely chopped the katsuobushi in order to prepare okaka. I have also prepared a nori-looking seaweed. First, I washed the seaweed well, finely chopped it, stretched it thin and flat, removed the moisture with water magic, and dried it using life magic’s Dry. The texture was a little rough, but it turned out to be proper nori. You can do it if you try!Now then, let’s cook the rice. I prepared the ingredients and nori. Ah, also the salt. I splurged a little and bought the best salt. Now then, all that’s left is to shape it!“Alright, it’s done!”After shaping a large amount of onigiri, I made a soup using the Sand Crab’s legs.“Everyone~ The meal is done~” “”Mea~l”” “Kyan.” “Na~” “Pii.” “Garu.”To my call, the children were playing slightly further away, rushed back all at once. Because I don’t know when Vivian-san will wake up, I had Joule and Feat turn into their small forms and gave up on Bolt’s and Vector’s situation. I’m thinking of deceiving by saying that I contracted them when they were weakened or when they were small.“…… Zzz…… N? Meal!?”While thinking so, Vivian-san has awakened.“Meal. Where is the meal~?”Somehow… although beauty, she feels like a woman with a plenty of unfortunates…… Previous TOC Next