Chapter 67 Previous TOC NextCaptives And, at dinner time――“Yeah. This dish has a really nice fragrance, after all.”It’s us, Cedric-san, Theodore-kun, and Latis-kun at the Risner mansion’s dining room. Their daughter seems to be feeling slightly unsettled, so Olivie-san is with her.“Chichiue~ I want to eat already~” “Already~” “That’s so, isn’t it? Then, let’s eat.” “”Yes, itadakimasu.””Theodore-kun and Latis-kun urged Cedric-san that they want to eat. Then, when the dinner started, the Risner parent and children ate the curry before anything else.“”Delicious!”” “This is……”Theodore-kun and Latis-kun expressed their honest impression. Because Allen and Elena have tasted it beforehand, I thought it was fine, but I’m glad it suits their tastes. Cedric-san didn’t give his direct thoughts, but his expression speaks for all.“Allen, Elena, let’s eat as well.” “”Yea! Itadakima~su.””Since I have confirmed the Risner parent and children reactions, I have decided to eat as well. I’m slightly regretful that I had to give up on rice for bread because we are eating with Risners, but…… I will definitely eat curry and rice before long!“”Onii~chan, this is delish too~”” “Is that so? I’m glad~ Eat lots, okay?” “”Yea.””The classic curry I’ve made during the day and this seafood curry taste quite differently, but it appears the children like even this curry.“It’s really good.” “The jelly was delicious too, but to be able to even make a dish like this, Takumi-san is really incredible.” “”Onii~chan, incredible~?”” “Yes, incredible.” “Takumi-san is amazing.” “”Yea, Onii~chan is incredible~ Ehehe~””Ooh? Allen and Elena who have not talked with Theodore-kun and Latis-kun yet are suddenly having a conversation. That the topic is me is a little bit, but……“Onii~chan’s meals are delish~” “Eating lots~” “Is that so? Takumi-san, may I have seconds please?” “Me too!” “Of course, I don’t mind. Eat a lot. How about Allen and Elena?” “”Will eat~””The four children who are getting along well want second helpings. While such harmonious air was drifting, Cedric-san who silently ate the curry suddenly stood up from his chair.“Takumi-san!! This dish called curry is very wonderful! Such complex yet complete taste! In addition――”And he suddenly became speaking out his impression like a food critic. …… What to do? Cedric-san’s is different from the usual. Have I perhaps mixed something strange into the curry? Is this world’s cardamon or clover actually used as stimulant medicine or something…… It was such a doubtful scene. Cedric-san’s sons Theodore-kun and Latis-kun were watching their father dumbfoundedly.“Father, you are entirely different from usual……” “Yeah. It’s my first time seeing Father like that~”Cedric-san was talking about the deliciousness of curry for ten minutes straight.“It has been a while since I’ve gotten so passionate. Yeah, we are already fine, so you guys come down and eat too. Takumi-san, you don’t mind, do you?” “…… N, no, it’s alright.”Ah, it’s the usual Cedric-san. Apparently, the servants were restless from wanting to eat the curry, so Cedric-san did a tactful thing and allowed them to leave the room. I have left a large pot of curry in the kitchen before the dinner, but because the servants can’t eat before the Lord of this house, Cedric-san, they had to standby. Since they have gotten permission to eat the curry, they are probably moving to the kitchen now.The servants waiting at the table withdrew and after a few minutes――――Bam!Suddenly, the door of the dining room was opened with a loud noise.“Head Chef? What is the matter?”It was the Head Chef of the Risner House who entered the dining room. Cedric-san spoke to the Head Chef who entered in a rush.“Excuse me, Dannasama! I’m aware that I’m being discourteous, but I couldn’t stay still after tasting that dish……” “That means, you were impressed by Takumi-san’s dish?”The Head Chef instantly moved to my side and suddenly kneeled on the floor.“Takumi-sama! That dish called curry is wonderful! It’s my first time experiencing such impact from eating a dish after such a long time! By all means, please make me your apprentice!” “Eeh?!”A, apprentice?! What is this Head Chef saying all of sudden!?“…… Umm, I’m sorry.” “Eh!? Why!? Are my abilities not enough?! Even though I look like this, I have been earnestly cooking until now! W, what am I lacking~?”No, I’m not a cook in the first place, so I can’t take an apprentice. Therefore, I refused, but the Head Chef doesn’t seem to be convinced.“Now there, Riyan. You must not trouble Takumi-san too much. Takumi-san is not a cook but a simple adventurer, so it’s not like he can take an apprentice.”It’s exactly like that.“However, Dannasama~” “Well, I understand what Riyan is trying to say. Cream bread and Jelly, butter and soy sauce scallops, and now the curry. After making so many new dishes, it would be weird if you weren’t a cook.” “Ehh……”…… He said something rude. To call me weird……“Takumi-san. Apprentice might be unreasonable, but are you planning on putting the curry spices on the market?”Eh? Putting the curry spices on the market?“Umm…… do you mean you would like to buy the recipe?” “No, I don’t wish to buy it individually like the Cream bread, but I think it’s something that should be sold to a lot of people with a formal contract with a company.”The talk became somewhat big, didn’t it~ But――“I haven’t thought about it.” “May I inquire why?” “Yeah. Half of the ingredients used for the curry spice are used as medicinal plants. Using it individually would be rather more preferable, as it would be necessary to purchase the ingredients in large quantities otherwise. Therefore, I would like to avoid a sudden price jump of herbs used in medicine.”If you suddenly start using herbs like seasonings, won’t the price skyrocket with high demand? If so, there would be people who won’t be able to afford medicine anymore, I don’t want that.“I see, there’s certainly a possibility of that. I will investigate a little, but if there’s no problem around that area, would you consider selling it?” “Yes. That wouldn’t be a problem.”Cedric-san will conduct a market research regarding the sale of the curry spice, but it has been decided that I will tell Cedric-san only the spices that are used in medicine. Previous TOC Next