Chapter 68 Previous TOC NextInteraction After the meal, we decided to move to the lounge and chat with Theodore-kun and Latis-kun. Incidentally, Cedric-san apparently still has to work, so he returned to his office.“Takumi-san, what monsters have you defeated so far?” “What kind of place is a dungeon?” “Umm…… you two have interest in such stories?” “”Yes!”” “Stories about defeating dragons are my favorite.” “Mine too!”Theodore-kun and Latis-kun apparently love stories about adventure and heroic tales, so they asked about the stories of our actual experiences. Therefore, I decided to talk a bit about the incident in Shirin.“Allen-kun and Elena-chan are going on adventures together with Takumi-san, right? Isn’t it dangerous?” “Ah~…… well, it’s not like there’s no danger, but you see. Allen and Elena are strong~” “Strong?” “Yea, strong~” “Stronger than a wolf?” “Than a goblin?” “If it’s a wolf or a goblin, the two can easily defeat it~” “”Ooh~”” “Amazing!”Theodore-kun and Latis-kun look at Allen and Elena with eyes full of respect.“”……””As if shy by that, Allen and Elena who are sitting on both of my sides cling to me and hide their faces to escape.“Look, Allen, Elena. You are being praised as amazing, you know?” “”Uniyu~……””The two press and shake their heads from side to side against me. This is not shyness……“It seems they got so happy from being praised they got embarrassed.” “Is that so?” “It’s like that, isn’t it?” “”Uniyu~””When I say that, Allen and Elena press and shake their heads again. No, this is adorable, but! My cheeks loosened from seeing their unusual reaction.After that, when I continued talking with Theodore-kun and Latis-kun for a while, Allen and Elena started participating in the conversation little by little. Did they get a little bit closer? ◇ ◇ ◇ “This will be finished after it boils down.” “Red beans could be used in such way, huh.”Today, we have come to the Risner House’s affiliated bakery. That is, of course, to teach them how to make Cream bread and Anpan. Although I say that, because the jam buns have already spread, they know the way to insert the filling into the bread dough, so I’m only teaching them custard cream and red bean paste recipes. Oh well, because the other side are pros, they were able to make it after I showed it once without any problem.“That’s all for the recipe. Because I think the boiling down and sweetness should be left to the store’s preferences, please make it several times and search for the best one.” “It’s certainly necessary to make it several times with various sweetness levels, but regarding how to make it, we will follow what we were taught. Iya~ nevertheless, it’s like a dream to be able to make Cream bread and Anpan in our store!”The shop manager has a very splendid store since he’s a purveyor to a noble’s house, but his personality is very broad-minded, so because he was a polite person right from the start, the teaching session progressed very smoothly. As expected of a person chosen by Cedric-san.Because my instruction ended, I decided to make a new bread from here. First, I mixed the liquid I just obtained by extracting it from Kahee beans with the custard cream and made a Cream bread with that. It’s faintly bitter, but I think even Allen and Elena would be able to eat this. Kahee itself is a little expensive, so I don’t think it’s possible to sell this in a store, but it’s enough to enjoy it by ourselves.Next is, as expected, a curry bread. The filling is the curry I made yesterday! The curry made for the curry bread has plenty of finely chopped vegetables and keema curry like meat. It’s more of a piroshki rather than a curry bread, but let’s go with curry bread! Speaking of curry bread, it’s generally fried in oil, but I decided to leave out frying and bake it in an oven. Because I thought there would be ruckus again if I start frying it. I wrap the curry bread and store it in the Infinite Storage. I think I will fry later in secret. Because of that, I made a rather large amount of curry and also prepared a lot of dough. Ah, stretching the dough and wrapping it around a sausage to make a sausage bread might be good? It’s fine to bake it, but I would prefer to fry this as well, right~ Alright, let’s make a large portion of this as well and store some in the Infinite Storage for later frying.Next, I cut the dough which I molded into a round shape, and insert mayonnaise, tuna, and finely chopped onions. Right, it’s tuna onion bread. Ah, I should make tunamayo sandwich too. Let’s make it next time~♪ Alright! Only fermenting and baking is left.The moment the bread finished baking, the children gathered around the iron plate I have taken out of the oven.“”Everything seems so delicious!”” “”Delish~”” “Allen, Elena. It looks delicious, doesn’t it?” “”Looks delish~”” “Yeah, right.”In fact, today, Theodore-kun and Latis-kun came together with us for the bread making. Although I say that, I invited them myself when Cedric-san informed me of the schedule. Yesterday, Allen and Elena opened their hearts a little, so it was really good timing.“The iron plate is hot, so don’t touch it, okay~” “Ye~s.”I removed the heat from the bread with magic and cut it into four equal pieces. Because there are six kinds, it would be certainly too much for the children to eat it all.“Here you go.” “It’s fine to eat it?!” “Sure it is~” “Wow~ Itadakimasu.” “Itadakimasu.” “Here, this is Allen’s and Elena’s.” “”Yea! Itadakima~su.””The four started eating the bread at once. “Delicious (Delish~)”The impressed voices of the four children splendidly harmonize.“Anpan is delicious as well.” “Aniue, the curry bread is differently delicious from the curry we ate yesterday.” “”Cre~am!”” “That’s right. Cream bread is certainly delicious as well.” “Yes, this Kahee Cream bread is also delicious. I couldn’t drink Kahee because it was bitter, but I can eat it if it’s like this.” “”Yea!””The four children were eating bread while talking about which they prefer. Un, un, they are getting along very well~ While observing the children getting so along――“Takumi-dono! Every bread is really wonderful! By all means, make me your apprentice!” “I’m sorry. I will refuse.” “T, that can’t be~……”…… An apprentice appeared even here. This bakery’s shop manager. Of course, I immediately refused.“”Onii~chan.””Ignoring the shop manager-san who’s hanging his head, after storing the bread I’m going to take with us into the《Infinite Storage》, the children who finished eating the bread came to my side. Because Allen and Elena were clinging to me with all their heart, they were really happy when I gently stroked their heads.“Takumi-san, it was very delicious.” “It was delicious.”Theodore-kun and Latis-kun give me their honest impressions. What a good children they are~“Were they to your liking?” “”Yes.”” “I see, I’m glad~ Then, your Otousan must be “still not here~” expecting us, so let’s return with some gifts.”Cedric-san wanted to go with us, but he had to stay at home to tend to official duties.“Ah~ Chichiue wanted to come along so much.” “He was so disappointed when Joshua told him that he couldn’t go~”Un, he looked extremely disheartened to me as well. Moreover, he was forcibly dragged to the office by Joshua-san. As it seems he would escape from the house when a chance arises, I think we should return earlier.“It would be too pitiful to keep him waiting, so let’s go, everyone~” “Ye~s.” Previous TOC Next