Chapter 69 Previous TOC NextBandits We have left from Bailey early in the morning and arrived at a certain mountain after a half day of walking.“Joule, Feat, thank you.” “Wafu” “Gau.”Although I say that, I have summoned Joule and others after getting slightly away from the town and we moved on them, so it didn’t take that much time to arrive at the destination.“N~, would it be better if you turned small here?” “Kyan.” “Naa~”It’s an unhabituated mountain, but it would be unsuitable to keep riding on Joule’s and other’s backs on this mountain, so I had them turn smaller. The space between the trees is considerably narrower compared to the Gaya Forest, so it doesn’t seem like running around in their big forms would be good.“Garu~”Vector was in his small form since I summoned him. Well, although I say small, he’s as big as Allen and Elena. Rather, Vector is slightly bigger.“Now then, what shall we do?” “Herb~” “Searching~” “Eh? Herb searching? It’s not like we have accepted a request, it’s okay to play around, you know?”When I asked the children what they want to do, they returned an unexpected reply. I thought of receiving a request before coming here at first, but I somehow didn’t want to go to this place’s Adventurer’s Guild, so we have not received any requests today. That’s why I thought of normally playing today, but to think they would want to do herb searching……“Lemme see~…… ah!”Right. It might be a good idea to look for the materials and herbs used as spices for the curry. When I looked around lightly, and as I thought, I found a mint growing nearby.“Allen, Elena. Shall we look for plants and herbs for today’s meal?” “”Yea, let’s do it~””Allen and Elena have displayed great motivation. At the same time, Joule and others drew closer to us.“Oh, everyone will help us out?” “Kyan.” “Naa~” “Pii~” “Garu~”That being the case, I thought of searching for plants and herbs while strolling around the mountain, but――“”Ah!”” “Allen, Elena?”Suddenly, Allen and Elena began feeling presences from the surroundings. When I also looked around with Detection, I sensed several presences at some distance away.“Ah~……”Furthermore, they are surrounding us from all sides. The presences are also gradually approaching us. This is obviously not the movement of animals or monsters. No need to guess, this is……And then, after a few minutes, ten-odd people holding weapons appeared. We are just passing by, they won’t be saying that, will they? As I thought, they are bandits, aren’t they~ When I used Appraisal to see their status, their occupation had properly “Bandit” beside it. We have encountered a troublesome group.“Head~ They are a man and two brats.” “No woman, huh. You bastards, kill the man and steal the valuables. Don’t kill the brats, we are going to sell them.” “Ussu!”It looks like fighting can’t be avoided. Even if you kill bandits, it won’t become a crime in this world. But, I don’t think of proceeding to kill them. I do not intend to hesitate because they are dangerous, but I don’t plan on staining our hands on opponents of such degree. I would like to avoid taking lives as much as possible. I thought of reaching my hands and pulling Allen and Elena behind me, but the two are already in a complete battle mode. Even if I tell them, they won’t obediently back away, right?“Allen, Elena. Are you not willing to let Oniichan take care of this?” “Allen too~” “Elena too~”…… Yeah, they are eager to act.“Oniichan wants to be entrusted with this?” “”………… Doing~””They seemed to be conflicted a little, but they don’t withdraw. How unfortunate.“Ah~…… then, can you go easy? You must absolutely not kill, okay?” “”Can do~””The two are usually obedient, but they are surprisingly belligerent.“Joule, Feat, Bolt, and Vector will……” “Kyan.” “Na~u.” “Pii.” “Garu.”…… They are fully motivated as well.“…… You guys hold back too, okay? Please, avoid killing as much as possible.” “Kyan.” “Na~u.” “Pii.” “Garu.”Everyone except Bolt were in their small forms, but all of them should be able to instantly kill if going seriously. I beg you, don’t overdo it! We obviously have too much fighting power!“You bastards, let’s go-!” “Ooohーーー”With the command of the man called Head, the bandits simultaneously rushed at us. Using it as a signal, the children faced the bandits.“”Yaa!”” “”Guwa……”” “Kyan.” “Nnaa.” “Garu~” “””Guwa……””” “Piii” “Giyaaーーー”The bandits decreased in numbers in no time. Ah~ Lemme see, lemme see…… un, they are fine. They didn’t die. I thought it would be difficult to render the bandits incapable of fighting, but it appears the children can properly control their power. I’m a bit relieved.“You bastards, what are you doing against brats, dogs, and cats!!” “H, however, Head! These guys are str~ong!”The Head gets angry seeing his underlings get beaten one after another, and the remaining underlings are preparing to flee.“”Yaa!”” “Gufu.” “Gawa.”Thus, Allen and Elena knock them out as well. Not being able to endure, the Head faced the children while holding a knife――“You bastards! If you want to live――guha!”Vector slammed into the Head with all his power.“””H, Head!!?””” “Garu~♪”The Head flew slightly backward, but Vector’s attack was a simple ramming attack…… he will surely live……“T, there’s no way we can win against fellows like these~~~” “Oopsy, I won’t let you escape.” “Hiii!!”Looking at their companions getting beaten one after another, one of the remaining bandits tried to escape. I swiftly move behind him and place a knife against his throat.“Are all of your companions here? Ahh, will you also tell me where your hideout is?” “P, please wait-!” “If you don’t answer quickly, my clumsy hand might slip, you know?” “Hiiiiii!! Talk, I will talk! I will talk so, p, please spare me…”When I lowered my knife, the bandit immediately answered my questions. Previous TOC Next