Chapter 78 Previous TOC NextDungeon of Ripples – Capture 5 “Morning.” “”Morning~””We have plenty of sleep, so we will start with the capture of the thirteenth floor but…… breakfast before that.“Allen, Elena. What would you like to eat for breakfast?” “”N, you see~ Kurry~”” “…… Curry?” “”Yea, kurry~””I see, curry huh…… a heavy request right after getting up came~“”No good~?”” “It’s not that but…… well, it’s not that suitable for breakfast you see~”I have also eaten curry for breakfast before, but I’m of the opinion that curry is better for either lunch or dinner~“”Then~ crab~””Crab…… hot pot!? The only crab dish I fed to the two is the crab hot pot, isn’t it!? Ah, didn’t I make soup too? The scope is different although similar. Well, I have the soup but you know~“…… Erm, would a different way of eating be alright instead of a hot pot or a soup?” “”Yeah!””I see~ Should I boil the crab and make kanitama [Japanese style omelette filled with crab meat served on a bed of rice] or something? Alright, let’s do it!The kanitama was delicious and we resumed the capture after a short rest.“”Yaa!”” “”Kishaーーー””Allen and Elena jumped forward and unleashed a strong kick. Right now, the two are defeating Army Crabs one after another. Army Crabs are somewhat larger compared to Sand Crabs, they are monsters with hard shells and large claws. Although I said hard shells, I judged it not to be a problem and didn’t stop Allen and Elena when they plunged at them, but…… to encounter crab monsters right after eating crabs……“”Haah!”” “”Kishaーーー””The Army Crabs turn into drop items of shells and claws one by one. The tough shells of Army Crabs are used as materials for armor, but…… it doesn’t look like it at all after seeing the two.“”Finished~”” “Thank you for your hard work~ You are not injured, are you?” “”Nope!””After finishing all Army Crabs, Allen and Elena returned after picking up the dropped items.“”So many crabs~! Delish~?”” “Ah~ This crab can’t be eaten.”It’s not like Army Crab isn’t edible, but there aren’t many parts which can be eaten.“”I see~””They seemed a bit disappointed, but they understood that it can’t be helped and started picking up the remaining drop items.“”Next is~ That way~””After picking up all the drop items and advancing for a little, Allen and Elena pointed to the right on a crossroads.“”Onii~chan, here~”” “N? Oh, there’s a hidden room.”After walking for a while uneventfully, Allen and Elena pointed at a wall. It appears they found a hidden room. However, when I tried touching the wall to access the room, that wall didn’t move. Until now, the wall would open with a slide when pushed.“It won’t open, huh……” “”Huh~?””I touched the wall all over, but it was simply a wall in the end.“N~? But it seems that there certainly is a hidden room……”Somehow, I think that there’s a hidden room without a doubt. Is the entrance to the room on the passage on the other side? No, we wouldn’t notice the room’s existence if that were true.“…… Break in?”It looks like a normal stone wall, so it should break if hit with one or two magic attacks, right? The dungeon won’t collapse if one of the walls break. Rather, because it’s a mysterious existence, I think the wall would restore after a while.“Allen, Elena~ Step back a little.” “”Okay!””Because Allen and Elena stood back, I threw magic at the wall.“ir Shot.”The wall the air bullet crashed into――garagara, collapsed. The wall was unexpectedly fragile. There was a room behind the wall as we thought with a treasure chest inside.“”Treasure~! Can we open~?”” “Go ahead~”Allen and Elena rush to towards the treasure chest after entering the hidden room and fumble around the chest. I let the two open it since there were no traps. Inside the chest, there was a single medicine bottle. When I used Appraisal on it, I understood that it’s a lower-grade healing potion. As I have recovery magic, it’s one of the medicines which I don’t need.“”Medicine~?”” “That’s right. It’s a medicine that heals injuries.” “”Hmm, amazing~?””Allen and Elena looked at me with eyes full of some kind of expectations.“It’s one of the medicines I don’t have yet. Thank you, Allen, Elena~” “”Ehehe~””When I said such while patting their heads, the two bashfully smiled. Kuku. Looks like I was right. The eyes of the two were saying “praise me, praise me” as I thought~“Then, shall we go?” “”Yea!””When we leave the hidden room and advance forward――“”There~”” “Oh, as expected! Then, shall we go down?” “”Yea!””We found a staircase leading down without taking much time. ◇ ◇ ◇ “Huh?”When we descended to the fourteenth floor, an unpleasant cold suddenly assaulted my skin. A dreadful atmosphere floats around. Unlike me who’s wearing a jacket, Allen and Elena who are wearing short-sleeved clothes must be cold.“Allen, Elena. You must be cold, right? Let’s wear jackets.” “”Is fine~?””Allen and Elena said while tilting their heads in puzzlement.“Yep, let’s put them on.”I immediately took out the kemonomimi-hooded capes I got in Shirin and let the two wear them. I thought these capes would not work until it cools down, but their turn came unexpectedly early.“Is it not difficult to move in?” “”Is fine~””Ah, un. This time’s “is fine” is a proper “is fine.” Allen and Elena’s range of “Fine” is staggeringly wide. I think that this time it wasn’t “It’s not cold” but close to “Can endure” instead. There are also times when it’s easy to understand, but there are also times when I don’t notice, so I have to carefully watch the two’s expressions, so I don’t overlook anything~When we begin the capture of the fifteenth floor――“Shaaaaー”A Sea Snake appeared.“Allen, Elena. Sea Snakes have venom, so you must not approach them, okay?” “”Ye~s.””Sea Snake is a snake of about 30cm in length with a considerably high fatality rate as it possesses a strong neurotoxin. That very thing is smoothly swimming towards us.“”Water Needle~――…… Uniyu~””Allen and Elena immediately switched to magic when I told them about the venom, but it appears that the smoothly swimming Sea Snake is difficult to hit with a《Water Needle》. They are a bit daunted since the magic didn’t hit.“It’s fine, properly watch its movements. You will hit it next time.” “”Un. ――Water Needle~” “Shaaaaー”The magic hit this time and the Sea Snake was defeated.“”Yay~”” “Well done~” “”Ehehe~””Getting the point, they would immediately defeat the Sea Snakes we encountered after that, and so we advanced while obtaining large quantities of drop items such as Sea Snake’s skin, fangs, and neurotoxin. Previous TOC Next