Chapter 80 Previous TOC NextDungeon of Ripples – Capture 7 We cautiously slipped through the trap covered the eighteenth floor and safely arrived at the nineteenth floor, but the nineteenth floor was full of traps as well. There is no doubt that it would be a seriously tricky floor for parties with no trap avoidance personnel. But, because it was a floor where nearly no monsters appear, I was glad that we have to be careful just about the traps, but…… Allen and Elena seemed to be a bit dissatisfied.“”Yaa!”” “””Kyashaーーー!”””They trampled a large group of Army Crabs,“”Haaー!”” “””Guaaaaー!”””They kicked a group of Water Bears flying,“”Toryaー!”” “Gishaーーーー!”They destroyed a shell of a Bubble Archelon.Whether this is a recoil from not being able to fight on the nineteenth floor, the two exterminated monsters we encountered on the twentieth floor with great vigor. As expected, I was in a panic when they destroyed the Bubble Archelon’s shell. I immediately checked whether Allen’s and Elena’s legs are alright, but there wasn’t a problem at all.And so, we progressed with the capture in such way and we have currently arrived in front of the twentieth floor’s boss room.“”Can touch~?”” “Ah, yeah. Go ahead~” “”Okay!””This is the third door to the boss room we have encountered. Allen and Elena already understand the door’s structure and asked whether they can touch it in order to enter inside. When I permitted them, they touched the door at once. Then, as we thought, the door slowly automatically opened.“”Going in~!”” “Hey there, hey there, don’t rush~”The door got completely opened and I was astonished as I entered inside while holding Allen’s and Elena’s hands so they wouldn’t rush in.“This is something……” “”Ohh~””I could hear the voices of astonishment from Allen and Elena as well. I was certain that it would be an empty spacious room, but it was a waterfall lake surrounded by nature. Moreover, there was a spring of considerable size spreading below.――Bashaーn!At that moment, accompanied by a loud noise, a large red object lept out of the lake and sank in the lake with a splash once again. That was…… a goldfish, wasn’t it~? Is that this room’s boss?“”Fish~?”” “Looks like a fish friend. I wonder if that is the master here?”A gigantic goldfish is err…… it should be called Murderfish. A dangerous-sounding name for a goldfish.“”Ah.””When the Murderfish sticks out its face out of the water, it released a jet of water while aiming at us.“Oopsy.” “”Wawa.””We evade the jet which made a hearty sound upon impact. The ground where we were standing just a second ago is gouged out.“Whoa~……” “”Ohh~””It was an attack of considerable power. When I look at the lake, the Murderfish submerged again and disappeared.“Allen, wants to do that~!” “Elena wants to do that too~!”It appears that Allen and Elena took a liking to the magic the Murderfish used. The eyes of the two are dazzlingly sparkling. That kind of magic, huh…… well, I think it would be good for the two to increase the variety of magic they use, why not teach them new magic?“Let’s see……――Water Jet.” “Shaaaaー”I tried shooting similar magic towards the Murderfish who showed its face from the water again. Water Jet is an attack with a feeling of vigorously discharging compressed water. Not expecting my attack, the Murderfish received my attack upfront and escaped back into the water.“You can use it with this magic?” “”Yay~!””There was a bit of recoil when releasing the water, but it will be safe for the two to use as well. Allen and Elena were pleased with the new magic and raised their hands into the air.“Then, how about taking an aim and trying it?” “”Yea! ――Water Jet.””Taking aim at the Murderfish when it appears, Allen and Elena shoot the《Water Jet》, but this time, the Murderfish spewed out water and opposed the two’s magic.“Uh-oh.”Allen’s and Elena’s first time fired magic was being overwhelmed and the Murderfish’s jet of water was coming our way, so I took the two under my arms and jumped.“”Au~”” “Because you simply lost in power, try increasing the magical power a little bit next time.” “”Okay! ――Water Jet.””Increasing the quantity of magical power, Allen and Elena released their magic towards the Murderfish once again. The Murderfish undauntedly spewed out water. The two’s magic collided with the Murderfish’s and scattered in the air. It seems they have offset each other.“Doing good! Can you do it again with a little bit more magical power?” “”Can do~!””We would have to find a different way to fight if the Murderfish stayed under the water, but it’s far easier because the Murderfish has to stick out its face out of the water’s surface to counterattack. In addition, its attack pattern is predictable and it’s not getting out of on the ground to attack us, so Allen and Elena were absorbed in practicing. Well, it’s easy for us to fight the Murderfish because it won’t fight close quarters. People with poor magic firepower would probably suffer hardships.“”Water Jet.”” “Shaaaaー”This time, the two overcame the Murderfish’s attack and their water jet reached the Murderfish. The effect of water attacks against a water attributed monsters are partially reduced, but it seems it properly received damage.“Yep, that was good. Then, shall all three of us do it will all of our strength next?” “”Yeah!”” “Here I go. ――Water Jet.” “”Water Jet.””I participate this time as well and the three of us fire the magic simultaneously.“Shaaaaa……”The united power of us three directly hit the Murderfish, sending its large body into the air. It crashed into the cliff where the waterfall was flowing, it then bounced off of it and sunk into the lake with a flashy splash.After a short while, the sunk Murderfish floated up and changed into drop items. The dropped items were reddish things and a relatively large water magic stone. This seems to be the Murderfish’s fin. Also, the Murderfish’s scales and meat. I collected everything just in case, but…… goldfish meat, huh…… this would require courage to eat…… I will definitely hoard it in the《Infinite Storage》.While thinking about how to deal with the Murderfish meat, I saw something shiny behind the waterfall. Looking around the room and not finding the door, it appears that the entrance to the next floor is behind the waterfall. Well, a cave behind the waterfalls is the staple.“”Shiny~”” “Yeah. It appears the exit is behind the waterfall.”Passing under the waterfall, there really was a cave as I thought. And the transfer device was there as well. I don’t touch the transfer device this time as I don’t intend to go to the lower floors, but we will take a break in this place.“Allen, Elena~ Let’s have a meal. What would you like?” “”N, you see~ fish~”” “Fish, is it? Will you guys help me prepare it?” “”Will do~!””They have requested fish for the meal, but as I have no spirit to cook the goldfish meat, I made a meal out of a normal fish I bought at the market. Previous TOC Next