Chapter 83 Previous TOC NextDungeon of Ripples – Capture 10 “Fa……” (Oniichan, morning~) “”Ah.”” “Gufu!”Waking up from a short sleep, I heard Joule’s, Allen’s, and Elena’s voices. And then at the same time, a terrible impact on my belly…… I’m choking.“…… Joule.”Joule who turned into the small form was on my belly. The impact from a little while ago appears to be from Joule jumping on me. I would catch him in my hands as usual, but I caught him with the pit of my stomach instead because I was just getting up. This impact with no aggressiveness with a small form…… I see, it’s only given that the big Joule trampled the alligators to death~(Au~…… I’m sorry.)Joule who noticed my fainting in agony after his jumping impact was visibly feeling down. His tail would usually flap all over the place, but it’s now hanging in despondent.“No, yeah, I’m fine. Good morning, Joule. Well, I won’t tell you to stop jumping onto me, but please, I request you to do the landing carefully next time.” (Got it~)When I pat Joule who was feeling despondent while rising up, I caution Joule to pay attention to the landing next time. I understand he didn’t have any ill intentions, but I would like to avoid that impact every time.“Allen and Elena too, good morning.” “”Morning~”” “Naa~” “Good morning to you as well, Feat.”I finish greeting the other children and start preparing breakfast after putting in order my clothes.“Now then, what shall we eat today~” “”Onigiri~”” “N? You want to eat onigiri?” “”Yea!”” (Me too~) “Naa~”While thinking about what freshly cooked dish to make, Allen and Elena made a request. It appears they want onigiri this morning. Joule and Feat are apparently okay with that as well.“What would you like for the filling?” “”N, you see~ fish~””Speaking of onigiri with fish filling that I made, it was salmon and tuna mayo. In addition, miso soup with plenty of vegetables and tamagoyaki to go with that.“”It’s delish~”” (…… Yum yum.) “Nnaa~”We start capturing after eating the meal. Today is the twenty-fifth floor.“””””Kishaーーー”””””Just as we descended on the twenty-fifth floor, Army Crabs appeared. In a large quantity at that.“”Muu~”” (Those are hard and not so delicious~) “Naa~”Because it was monsters not suitable for ingredients, the children were disappointed. …… Rather, Joule. You have eaten them before? Moreover, raw? Huh…… Feat is nodding in agreement?(Do you think Oniichan could make a tasty meal out of it?) “Naa~” “”Ohh~?””Everyone looks at me with expectations. Cooking with Armi Crabs? Erm…… there are not many edible parts, but it’s not impossible. But…… they are not meant for eating……“…… If it’s dashi…… I could do it?”They are materials used for making armor, but a crab is a crab?“”(Dashi~?)”” “It’s for soup.” (Yay~ I want to drink a soup~ Then, I will do my best and defeat them, okay~) “Allen too~” “Elena too~”It appears that it has been decided that I will make a soup from the Army Crabs. Allen, Elena, and Joule vigorously ran towards the Army Crabs. Well, they have run off with such vigor to defeat the Army Crabs and they will surely obtain many materials, so there shouldn’t be a problem in trying to make dashi.“Naa~” “N?” “Nnaannaa~” “Ah, Feat wants to participate as well?” “Naa~”Feat who was in my hands wanted to participate as well, so when I released Feat from my hands, Feat started firing magic at the Army Crabs mid-air. Because there are many Army Crabs, I should participate in attacking too. I would like to earn some experience even if little.“Water Needle.” “”Yaa~”” (Eiya~) “Nnaa!”With all of us moving, the large crowd of Army Crabs got exterminated in a blink of an eye.“”Finished~””A large number of drop items were scattered all over the place. We have obtained many shells, legs, claws, and magic stones, but the children were most delighted about the Army Crab eggs they saw for the first time. There was also nori for some reason…… Is that “it”? Was it stuck to the crab’s shell or something? I wonder if the dungeon is pushing me to make the soup……(Oniichan, can you make the soup with this? There’s still lots~?) “No, no, this is plenty. However, I will make it tonight” (Yeah! Yay~ I’m looking forward to it~) “”Looking forward to it~”” “Naa~”If I say something wrong, it would turn into the alligator hunting, so I have to be careful about my words.“There, there, let’s get going~” “”(Yay~)”” “Naa~”I would like to capture at least the twenty-sixth floor today after all. Let’s crisply progress! ――Is what I thought, but…… it didn’t go according to my plan.“”Many~”” (Really~ So many~) “Naa~”A large crowd of Army Crabs appeared again.“…… Let’s quickly defeat them~” “”(Yay~)”” “Naa~”After I said such, the children really defeated the Army Crabs quickly. Thus, we obtained many Army Crab drop items again.(I’m looking forward the dinner, right~) “”Right~”” “Naa~”Yep, soup making…… I will do my best……After that, we smoothly advanced through the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh floors. And when we secured a place to rest, I started making the children’s long-awaited Army Crab soup. I smashed the hard shell so it would fit into the pot and I started extracting the essence accompanied by gentle clicking. I threw the Army Crab eggs and nori into the strained soup. The eggs were thumbnail-sized with gelatine-like quality, so I was worried whether it would melt while cooked, but there wasn’t a problem as it floated in the soup. Lastly, I salted it and tried the taste! Un, it tastes unexpectedly good. Besides, these Army Crab eggs! Their popping texture matches the soup well!“Allen too~” “Elena too~” (Not fair~ Me too~) “Nnaa~”I was checking the taste of the soup, but the children found fault with it and quickly rushed towards me. Since it couldn’t be helped, I retrieved a few pre-made dishes from the Infinite Storage and we had the dinner just like that. Previous TOC Next