Idle Talk 1 Previous TOC NextWarmth Stomach, empty. Cold. Painful.Before I noticed, little sister, together. Dark, cold, place. Morning? and night? Twice. The muddy food, I ate a bit. After that, only motionlessly, sitting.I, how long, remain here? I want to get out, from here. Outside, let me out. ◇ ◇ ◇ “You damned brats, get out!”I can leave? When I go out, a carriage? I was placed in. Where, to? ◇ ◇ ◇ Rattlerattle, it drives. Unknown, place. Where, being taken to?“Monsters! What happened to the escort!” “There are too many! They are coming this way.” “Tsk! Can’t be helped. Use the brats and escape. Throw away one!”Ah, stop. What are you doing, to little sister.“Oi, one is enough for the decoy.”No. Not leaving.“Stop dilly-dallying. Both are fine, hurry up! We are leaving.” ◇ ◇ ◇ Pain. Something, coming. Have to escape. ◇ ◇ ◇ Someone, here? What to do? Take, a look?“Are you lost? Did you come here alone?”Unpleasant, feeling not here. A good person, perhaps? With magic, made our bodies clean. Injuries, healed too. Gentle, person, I wonder?“Here, eat up.”To eat, is okay? For us? …… Delicious. ◇ ◇ ◇ I am, Allen. Little sister, is, Elena. Names, we received. Happy. Good boy, he pats, my head. Tightly, he embraces us. Warm. ◇ ◇ ◇ Delicious, meals, gives us a lot. Sleeps, together. When wakes up, good morning, he says. Good boy, he praises me.A gentle, face. Warm, hands. Oniichan, I love. Al~ways. For~ever, together, want to stay. ◇ ◇ ◇ Release, Oniichan!“Allen, Elena. Wait!”Angry? I, did something, bad? I am sorry.“…… Don’t… leave us……”No. Stay together. Don’t abandon us.“There’s no way I would leave you? It’s all right, okay?”Really? Be, together, is okay? Stay, with Oniichan, is, okay? I will be, a good boy. From now on, always, together! Previous TOC Next