Idle Talk 10 Previous TOC NextMarianora’s Observation Records 2 My grandchildren――Windell’s children have been entrusted to Takumi-san by Sylphreel. After that happened, the children become lively beyond recognition. Their malnourished bodies have considerably improved and their taciturn expression gradually became childish. Sylphreel’s baton is moving in a good direction, isn’t it? And, above all――“They look happy, don’t they?” “Oh my, does it look like that to you?”As Luce said, the children look very happy.“Yes. I feel that Takumi-dono really loves those children.” “You think so too~”In spite of pushing our circumstances on Takumi-san, he’s treating the children very preciously. They look like real siblings. Even though it would be normal to be little perfunctory about it, I don’t see a bit of it. All I see is that he wholeheartedly loves them. The possibility of their power running wild has not changed, but it’s obvious that I would rather see my grandchildren being happy. We have been blessed with a really good person~ I can feel at peace. ◇ ◇ ◇ Oh my, sweet buns have finally arrived to Aetherdia! Ah, Cream bread is there too! I’m really glad that Takumi-san is skilled at cooking! Oh my! He made Anpan as well! What should I do~ Having Anko means that there’s a possibility of wagashi being made~ Manjuu, Dorayaki, Youkan…… can I expect those? I’m looking forward to it~ Takumi-san, please do your best! My, my! It’s jelly this time. The things called sweets have been finally born on my world as well. It’s sweets, sweets! What a wonderfully sounding word~ I wonder why there are only dry and crumbling cookies in my world? Don’t be satisfied with just that, I would like if you had more spirit~ Compared to that, Takumi-san is really amazing~ to use slimes as ingredients~ his creative power is very rich~ how wonderful~ Now, now! Don’t be reserved and quickly spread that throughout my world, okay? If it doesn’t become established in the world, I won’t be able to eat!“Ah~……” “Marianora-sama, what’s the matter!?” “My jelly has……”Fruit jelly, milk jelly, black tea jelly…… the jelly made in large amount has…… all of those got stored in Takumi-san’s Infinite Storage. At this point of time, Takumi-san had a chance to popularize the Cream bread and he’s currently in the middle of being rolled up in something troublesome. He can’t show off the newly made jelly in that…… I understand Takumi-san’s thoughts, however~~~ with great troubles! To not be able to eat sweets that have appeared in my world with great troubles…… no way~ Oh well~ since it came to this, we have no choice but to make it ourselves!“Say, Luce. The jelly Takumi-san made, won’t you try making the same thing?” “Eh?” “I mean~ I can’t wait until it spreads throughout the world~” “No…… however, making things is in Marianora-sama’s area……”Oh my, that was the case, wasn’t it~ I’m the God of Creation after all.“Then, I shall do my best after a long time.” “Eh! Ehh!? Y, you are going to make it!?” “Oh my, didn’t Luce say to make it myself~” “W, wait a moment pleaseー!!” “What~? Luce, what’s the matter? Why are you raising your voice like that?” “If Marianora-sama’s makes poor use of your powers, the redundant power will erupt volcanos, raise tsunamis, split the ground, and incur tornados~ Somehow! Somehow, please wait~~~”My, my, I was stopped by the crying Luce~ My power is fit to create continents, spread oceans, and make large things. That’s why, when creating little things, the leftover power would spill out no matter what, won’t it~ That would just a slight~ly affect the surface~ But, if I properly pay attention, it would have only little effects, so I think it would be all right in the end~ Since Luce is pleading so much, I will endure for a little longer…… ◇ ◇ ◇ Oh my? My, oh my, It appears that the children are learning magic. If they learn to control their magical power, the possibility of running wild will greatly decrease. Yeah, yeah. I’m glad~ I can set aside my worries for the continent to sink under heavy floods for the time being~? Ah~ but, but~ the possibility of drought still remains? N~ they are stable now, so I think it should be alright though~ well, I can’t be negligent, but it’s not necessary to be vigilant as before~ Nevertheless…… fufufu~ the children look very happy, don’t they~ Moreover, they completely look like younger siblings~ how pleasant~ Ah, that’s right!“Say, Luce. Is there currently someone among retainers in child rearing and education~?” “No, there isn’t. We have a little to no relation to that area after all. Someone suitable hasn’t appeared yet.” “What about Takumi-san? Doesn’t his affinity seem very appealing?” “Takumi-dono, is it……? He certainly has the affinity, but he’s Sylphreel-sama’s retainer, you know?” “Oh my. But, he’s also a person with my blessing~”I think that it’s a very good idea~ Yeah, I think I should do it. Let’s entrust it to Takumi-san right away…… ――Yup, and done!“Ma, Marianora-sama!?” “Fufufu~ I entrusted Nurture and Education to him. Tehe☆” “W, we have to let Sylphreel-sama know~~~”Luce went to Sylphreel’s place in a hurry. I wonder what reaction will Sylphreel and Takumi-san have~? I’m looking forward to it a bit~ ◇ ◇ ◇ “Marianora-sama.” “Oh my, isn’t that Salamanteel? What’s the matter today?”One of my children, the Fire God Salamanteel visited me.“Marianora-sama knows of Syl’s retainer who reincarnated here from a different world, right?”I wondered what it was, is it about Takumi-san?“Of course~ What about him?” “That fellow’s contributions related to cooking are incredible, so I thought about giving him a reward, you see.” “That’s right~ Takumi-san is spreading various dishes, isn’t he~ Isn’t that good~?” “Marianora-sama is well-informed.” “That’s because he’s a person I placed my expectations on~”Jam buns, dried fruit, and nut bread are spreading relatively quickly, and most recently, the Cream bread has been getting popular~ It can’t be helped that the spreading is slow because of the world’s limited goods~ but still, it’s steadily spreading, so I have no complaints~ Anpan will soon follow. Jelly hasn’t come to light yet, so it unfortunately still has a way to go. I’m happy that French Toast is spreading though~ well, that’s about it. Because it seems that Takumi-san is also doing various dishes on the side, I’m in approval of Salamanteel’s wish to reward him~“Heeh~ is that so~ Syl, that fellow- he told me that he would talk about it with the retainer next time he spoke with him and told me to wait until then.” “Fufu, I understand what Sylphreel wanted to say~ Takumi-san would get shocked if gifts suddenly appeared in front of him~” “I understand that too, but I would like to send it immediately after making contact. That’s why I came wondering if Marianora-sama could give me a word the moment the communication comes~”Fufufu. It’s rare for Salamanteel to ask for a favor, but the contents are adorable, aren’t they~“Is that no good?” “I don’t mind that much~ It’s Salamanteel’s request after all~ I will ask Sylphreel about his retainer later.” “Thank you, Marianora-sama.”Territory and possessions are irrelevant to Takumi-san, so he’s always active~ What a truly reliable existence~ Would it be better for me to prepare a reward as well? Let’s think about it a little. Previous TOC Next