<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Mid Meal Snack</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="epilogue">
    <h2>Mid Meal Snack~ <span epub:type="subtitle">The Architects from the Southern Kingdom</span></h2>

    <p><i>Asuta of the Fa house is a queer man…</i> Balan thought mindlessly on the wagon pulled by a Totos.</p>

    <p>He had finished his work in Genos and was on his way back to Nerva. On the first day of the White month, they set off from Genos first thing in the morning. It was almost noon now. The stone-paved road was smooth, so the wagon didn’t shake too much, and his companions yawned a little drowsily.</p>

    <p>Balan and company who worked as architects stayed in Genos from the middle of the Green month to the end of the Blue month. It took them one and a half months to finish their work. The buildings in the Genos Post Station Town were mostly Jaguar style, so Balan and company headed to the Post Station Town annually to perform maintenance work.</p>

    <p>And they met the strange youth from the Fa house, Asuta, at that place.</p>

    <p>He was a madman.</p>

    <p>His appearance looked like a normal westerner, with an uncommon combination of dark hair and dark eyes. His had yellowish skin and a normal face and body. Even though he wasn’t from this continent, there was no way to prove that. No one would have suspected that he wasn’t a homegrown westerner.</p>

    <p>So the strange thing about Asuta wasn’t his appearance, but what lay inside.</p>

    <p>For unknown reasons, Asuta became a denizen of Forest’s Edge and opened a business in a stall.</p>

    <p>The denizens of Forest’s Edge were people who had once betrayed Jaguar.</p>

    <p>However, they weren’t true Jaguar people in the first place and had secluded themselves in the ‘Dark Jungle’, shunned by others since ancient times. Terrible man-eating beasts known as black apes dwelled in the Dark Jungle, so sane Jaguar people never ventured into it.</p>

    <p>The Dark Jungle disappeared eight decades ago. No one could be certain, but it seemed to have been burned down during their war with the enemy Semu nation. Balan’s hometown was located in the peaceful western side of the country, so he wasn’t involved with all this.</p>

    <p>Anyway, the denizens of Forest’s Edge lost their homes and moved to the Morga Forest’s Edge of the western kingdom Selva. They neither started to cultivate the land like real Jaguar people nor engaged the Semu in war; instead, the tribe chose to flee to the remote western kingdom.</p>

    <p>Changing one’s faith was a serious taboo in this continent. So not just Jaguar, even Selva ostracized the denizens of Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>And of course, Balan was cold towards the denizens of Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>But it wasn’t because of what happened in the past, but due to his present feelings.</p>

    <p>The denizens of Forest’s Edge pissed him off.</p>

    <p>Their light tanned skin reminded him of the Semu, and many denizens of Forest’s Edge resembled the Semu too. Just like the Semu people, he felt that they couldn’t get along with the Jaguar people.</p>

    <p>And the denizens of Forest’s Edge also avoided others in Genos. They occasionally visited the Post Station Town to sell the tusks and horns of kiba and buy salt and vegetables, but they didn’t interact with others. For the Jaguar who thought of forthrightness as a virtue, this was the part that displeased him the most.</p>

    <p>The youth named Asuta colluded with this group.</p>

    <p>Which was why their first meeting was such a disaster. He felt pissed off right after meeting Asuta, who was peddling food from the symbol of disaster, kiba, with a group of pretty Forest’s Edge girls. Such foolishness enraged him. And the kiba he tried had a weird mushy texture, which was hard to accept, contributing to the idea that Asuta’s actions were retarded.</p>

    <p><i>In the end, I went out of my way to buy kiba jerky. He must think of me as a laughingstock.</i></p>

    <p>He thought distractedly as he looked at the sack at a corner of the wagon.</p>

    <p>Balan was only opposed to kiba in the first few days. After Asuta started selling the new dish made with myam, Balan’s stubbornness was shattered.</p>

    <p>It was unbelievably delicious.</p>

    <p>So good that he couldn’t imagine that it was made from the same kiba used in the last dish he tried.</p>

    <p>After eating kiba for some time, the unique taste of the kiba grew of him, and Balan even bought kiba jerky.</p>

    <p>The meals Asuta catered at the inn were also fantastic.</p>

    <p>That dish served in the 《Big Tree of the South Inn》, where Balan was lodging in, was an even bigger shock.</p>

    <p>The food made with Tau sauce was so incredibly good that his eyes almost popped out. Tau sauce was a seasoning from Jaguar. He had not eaten something so delicious back at home.</p>

    <p>There was scantly any chance to eat such a high-class cuisine in the Genos Post Station Town.</p>

    <p>Generally speaking, the food from his hometown Nerva was better. Genos was a prosperous city, and the quality of the fuwano and fruit wine were excellent, and there were plenty of fruits and vegetables too. However, the meat and seasoning were crude.</p>

    <p>Only a few inns served food made from Tau sauce while sugar and honey were completely absent. Genos wasn’t too far from Jaguar, but all these ingredients were sold in the city, so Balan and company who could only visit the Post Station Town had no chance of eating them.</p>

    <p>In contrast, this readily available karon meat that couldn’t be found in Jaguar was normal. But it was seasoned with salt and spices since there wasn’t any Tau sauce and sugar. The quality of the fuwano and fruit wine might be good, but since there wasn’t a large quantity of vegetables, the food here wasn’t really sumptuous.</p>

    <p>Hence, Asuta’s cooking tasted exceptionally good.</p>

    <p>The dishes made from aria, tarapa, and myam at his stall were great, and his ability to make dishes with Tau sauce, which was the taste of home to Balan, made this impeccable.</p>

    <p>And kiba wasn’t really a high-class ingredient either. Balan couldn’t accept it when it was minced and melded, but if it was sliced normally, the kiba tasted better than kimyusu and karon meat.</p>

    <p>The taste was a little strong, but it was fine if strong seasoning like myam and Tau sauce were used. After getting used to it, the flavor grew on him. The meat was fatty and the texture was impeccable, and he never criticized kiba dishes ever again.</p>

    <p><i>It is a little infuriating.</i></p>

    <p>Balan felt as if he had lost for some reason.</p>

    <p>Originally, Balan didn’t want anything to do with Asuta and the denizens of Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>But Asuta went out of his way to invite Balan to try his new dish.</p>

    <p>Back then, Balan grumbled that he would never visit Asuta’s stall again. But even so, Asuta still asked someone to pass the message: “ Please come and try this new dish.”</p>

    <p>And so, Asuta’s dark eyes sparkled with a smile when he saw Balan being surprised by the delicious 『Myam-roasted meat』.</p>

    <p>Asuta said: “When you complained that the 『Kiba burger』 tastes bad, I was really frustrated. And thanks to you, I did all I could to think up a solution. I’m very grateful.”</p>

    <p>He seemed to have made a lot of effort to convey his thoughts.</p>

    <p>Jaguar people would say whatever came to their mind, while other people wasted effort on conveying their thoughts.</p>

    <p>From that moment on, Balan visited Asuta’s stall every day.</p>

    <p>That was when the Green Month was ending and the Blue Month was beginning, so he ate Asuta’s cooking for one month.</p>

    <p>During this time, Balan and the other denizens of Forest’s Edge also got to know each other. Aside from the girls helping at the stall, he also got to meet the fearsome looking hunters of Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>That was because a villain from Forest’s Edge was threatening the safety of the Post Station Town. In the middle of the Blue Month, the villain of Forest’s Edge was executed in the town.</p>

    <p>Ever since then, Balan got to know the denizens of Forest’s Edge even better.</p>

    <p>Some of them were more forthcoming than a Semu and could even match a Jaguar.</p>

    <p>They might be stubborn and keep to themselves, but the Jaguar had no rights to accuse Forest’s Edge denizens about that either. The denizens might be quiet, but they believed they were doing the right thing and took pride in their every move.</p>

    <p>The girls with cold attitude at the stalls gradually warmed up to others with the passage of time. Not only did they look good, they were hardworking too. Balan even had the foolish thought of letting his son marry a girl from Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>But as Balan and company slowly got to know the mysterious denizens of Forest’s Edge, the Blue month was over.</p>

    <p>The wind from the window brushed Balan’s hair and beard, and he grunted.</p>

    <p>One of his companions sat up uneasily, probably disturbed by Balan’s actions.</p>

    <p>“Huh, Pops, you still awake? You sure are lively so early in the morning.”</p>

    <p>He was the deputy of the group, Arudas. He was old friends with Balan, and they had worked together for more than ten years.</p>

    <p>“Ah, my head feels a little dizzy. I drank too much yesterday.”</p>

    <p>“Fufu, I was worried about you spending all the money you earned in the Post Station Town in just one night.”</p>

    <p>“You are exaggerating too much. Just ten or twenty bottles of fruit wine won’t deplete the money we earned.”</p>

    <p>Arudas leaned against the wagon and laughed heartily.</p>

    <p>Amongst the short southerners, Arudas was very tall. His hands were nimble, making him a great member of the architect group.</p>

    <p>“After working for a month and a half, partying hard on the last night isn’t too much. But… Asuta’s cooking is really great. I think we ate all the kiba dishes in the inn last night.”</p>

    <p>“… Hmmp.”</p>

    <p>“Ah, just thinking about it makes me hungry. It’s almost noon, right? We don’t need to rush today either, so let’s start a fire and make a good meal.”</p>

    <p>Without waiting for Balan to reply, Arudas called out to the driver: “Hey! It’s time for lunch! How about finding a good spot to start a fire?”</p>

    <p>“Alright, this area should be safe.”</p>

    <p>The young driver answered energetically.</p>

    <p>The wagon stopped in a short while.</p>

    <p>“Hey, time to get up! Get up or you will miss out on lunch!”</p>

    <p>Arudas yelled, and the rest of the people got up slowly.</p>

    <p>They got off the wagon, with a barren desert to their right and thick vegetation to their left.</p>

    <p>The dark Morga mountain loomed over them to the northeast, deep within the woods. It was as foreboding as ever.</p>

    <p>There was a barren land on the left, probably the result of excessive tree felling. The ground was cracked from the lack of water, and nothing was growing there.</p>

    <p>“What’s happening, taking a break? What a leisurely journey.”</p>

    <p>A voice came from up top. It was an escort who was riding on his personal Totos. The journey from Genos to Nerva was fraught with danger, so the hired two guards to escort them.</p>

    <p>“We should reach the next Post Station Town by nightfall. So everyone will want to eat a good meal now, right? I will forage for branches, just wait here.”</p>

    <p>“Get some guys to go with you. There might be munto here.”</p>

    <p>One of the escorts got down his Totos and followed Arudas and his group into the woods.</p>

    <p>The two wagons joined together and parked by the side of the woods, allowing the Totos to feed. The Totos took their time to eat the leaves on the trees.</p>

    <p>“Hmm, this place sure is quiet. The bustling scene in Genos is just like a dream.”</p>

    <p>The young man who finished tending to the Totos stretched his back.</p>

    <p>It was quiet indeed. By this time, the travelers would have started to rest, and there were no other wagons in sight. Birds flew in the clear sky, and the soft caress of the wind felt really soothing.</p>

    <p>“But this trip was really enjoyable. This is the first time I didn’t want to leave Genos.”</p>

    <p>“You can’t party so hard at home, right?”</p>

    <p>“Yup, but the thing I will miss the most is the kiba dishes.”</p>

    <p>The young man sighed depressedly.</p>

    <p>“Even if it is kiba, the taste won’t be too different from karon after getting made into jerky, right? Sigh, we can’t eat kiba in Jaguar, right?”</p>

    <p>“… Even Nerva which is the closest to Genos is half a month away by wagon. If you don’t like jerky, want to try bringing a kiba with us?”</p>

    <p>“Ehh, forget it.”</p>

    <p>As they were chatting, Arudas came back. Aside from the escort, all six men carried branches in their arms.</p>

    <p>“This much should do, right? Hey, bring out the pot!”</p>

    <p>A young man handed a pot from inside the wagon to his companion outside.</p>

    <p>“This is the sack of kiba jerky, right? What about this small sack?”</p>

    <p>“Oh, that’ the special jerky Asuta prepared for us. He said we have to finish it within seven days. Let’s eat it first.”</p>

    <p>They piled the branches on the ground and then surrounded it with rocks. A pot was stacked on top of the rocks, and water was poured inside.</p>

    <p>Aria and poitan were thrown right in. Arudas then opened the small sack and said: “Hmm?”</p>

    <p>“By the way, he said the jerky can be eaten directly. It will be a pity to boil it together with the poitan.”</p>

    <p>“The gooey poitan soup will overwhelm the taste of the meat. But if we don’t add jerky, the poitan soup won’t be palatable either.”</p>

    <p>“Add in half a meal of normal jerky into the pot and then give out half a meal portion of this special jerky.”</p>

    <p>The others nodded after hearing Arudas words, and started cutting the normal jerky with their knives.</p>

    <p>After the jerky was tossed into the boiling pot of water, the others added in diced myam. Poitan soup was a bland tasting dish, resembling mud water. It was difficult to eat it without adding strong seasoning like Tau sauce.</p>

    <p>One of the escorts asked puzzledly: “Hey, you guys were talking about kiba earlier; is that thing kiba jerky?”</p>

    <p>He was a skilled swordsman introduced to them by someone in the 《Big Tree of the South Inn》. This westerner from another city had brown hair and yellow skin. He claimed to be a former mercenary and had a leather chest plate, a sword, and an elegantly designed sheath. He looked completely different from the ruffians in the Post Station Town.</p>

    <p>“Hey, you have stayed in Genos for quite some time. Haven’t you heard about the kiba dishes? We patronize that stall every day.”</p>

    <p>“I have heard of that before, but I can’t eat that thing. I will be fine with the jerky I bought for myself.”</p>

    <p>“Huh? You are not from Genos, so why do you hate kiba so much?”</p>

    <p>“That’s because kiba and the denizens of Forest’s Edge have a bad reputation.”</p>

    <p>Balan got mad when he heard that.</p>

    <p>“Have the denizens of Forest’s Edge and kiba caused you any trouble before? If not, aren’t you fearing kiba dishes because of baseless rumors?”</p>

    <p>“That’s not the reason. I don’t avoid kiba out of personal preference. It’s just that I can’t work properly if I eat something my stomach isn’t used to.”</p>

    <p>“Hmmp! Can you work properly as escorts with such a frail bodies? How unreliable.”</p>

    <p>It was the two men’s turn to get angry.</p>

    <p>Arudas mediated and said: “Hey, relax.”</p>

    <p>“No need to force yourself to eat kiba. After the job is done, I will include the cost of the jerky into your remuneration… Pops, don’t get so worked up.”</p>

    <p>“Hmmp! I’m just saying the truth, what’s wrong with that? Given how much they fear kiba, can they really fend off munto and bandits?”</p>

    <p>“Hey, that’s going too far.”</p>

    <p>“Just shut up and try a piece of kiba! You will be surprised by how good it tastes.”</p>

    <p>Balan grabbed some special jerky from the sack Arudas was holding.</p>

    <p>However, he was shocked by the slimy sensation. It was thick and rich in fats, just like fresh meat.</p>

    <p>The inside of the sack was protected by the smooth fake rubber tree leaves. The jerky had so much fats that the sack had to be protected in such a way.</p>

    <p>“This is jerky? But it isn’t dry?”</p>

    <p>“This is special jerky! It can only be kept for seven days, but retains the original taste!”</p>

    <p>After saying that, Balan took a bite. It was tender, and he could bite through it without cooking it in the pot. The toughness was on par with charbroiled meat.</p>

    <p>And… the taste left Balan speechless.</p>

    <p>It was salty and spicy and had a strong taste of spice. After removing moisture with salt, this jerky was grilled with spice.</p>

    <p>However, the taste of the kiba had been perfectly retained.</p>

    <p>Not just that, the delicious taste had been condensed. As he chewed, the oil within gushed out, bringing indescribable joy.</p>

    <p>Despite the strong saltiness, the taste of the meat was still there. Only the strong taste of the kiba could rival the taste of the salt and spice. Even if karon and kimyusu were treated in the same way, it couldn’t replicate this texture.</p>

    <p>“What’s the matter Pops? Does Asuta’s special jerky taste bad?”</p>

    <p>“Ahh… Of course it’s good! Hey, make way!”</p>

    <p>Balan pushed aside the young man tending the fire and squatted down. He then stuck the meat he had taken a bite of onto the tip of his knife and held it over the fire.</p>

    <p>The fats from the meat dripped down slowly.</p>

    <p>A fragrance spread out with the sizzling fire.</p>

    <p>One of his companions gulped and said: “Hey, the fragrance from grilling it is incredible.”</p>

    <p>Balan pulled back his knife, blew on the grilled jerky, and sent it to his mouth.</p>

    <p>As he suspected, it was more delicious than eating it directly.</p>

    <p>A jerky made from salt and spice was actually as tasty as normal cooking. Pops Balan took a deep breath and didn’t know what to say.</p>

    <p>“Pops! Don’t just eat it by yourself, let us have a try too!”</p>

    <p>“Hey, someone, bring out the skewers!”</p>

    <p>The architects started scrambling for the jerky.</p>

    <p>The pot was moved aside, and numerous skewers were set up by the fire. The escorts were shocked by this scene.</p>

    <p>“Ah, this tastes really great!”</p>

    <p>“It’s good enough to be sold in the Post Station Town. Ah, I want to drink wine.”</p>

    <p>“Hey, you are eating too much! You want to finish all of it on the first day?”</p>

    <p>Arudas lectured with a satisfied smile on his face.</p>

    <p>Balan snapped out of it and snatched back the sack of jerky. He looked at his companions who were behaving like kids and then walked to the escorts.</p>

    <p>“… Sorry for shouting at you just now. Please take this as an apology for the bad temper of a Jaguar man.”</p>

    <p>“Ah, I don’t really mind…”</p>

    <p>“Can I invite you to try this again? As you can see, this will get gobbled all up by tomorrow, so now is the only chance. I think this is worth a try.”</p>

    <p>The escorts glanced at each other with troubled expressions.</p>

    <p>Balan looked at them and laughed heartily in a southern way.</p>

    <p>“The denizens of Forest’s Edge are westerners too, so they are your fellow citizens, correct? Your fellow citizens made something so delicious for us; you will be fools to turn this down. You can get mad at me if you find it nasty, but just think of this as me tricking you, and just try it.”</p>

    <p>“…”</p>

    <p>“I really envy you. After escorting us back to Nerva, you will be heading back to Genos, right? You will know what a blissful thing that is after trying this.”</p>

    <p>Balan put the sack before the two men and then turned back and looked at his companions.</p>

    <p>“Hey, after you are done, put the pot on top of the fire! There’s kiba in there too, so finish it all!”</p>

    <p>His companions answered loudly with a wave of their arms.</p>

    <p>Before visiting Asuta again next year, Balan and company won’t forget the delicious taste of the kiba. Just how much would that young Asuta improve in a year? That was the only thing Balan and company could do as they drank the kiba poitan soup.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>