<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Mid-meal Snack: Silver Vase</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter">
    <h1>Mid-meal Snack: <span epub:type="subtitle">Silver Vase</span></h1>

    <p>A caravan galloped through the wilderness, heading into the west from the east.</p>

    <p>The group had five carriages, with two Totos pulling each one. Dark-skinned people of the Eastern Kingdom Semu sat on the driver seats of these carriages, with their hands on the reins.</p>

    <p>They were members of the 《Silver Vase》 merchant group.</p>

    <p>The young band leader Shumimaru Jiz Sadumutino sat in the cargo compartment of the first carriage and watched the scenery outside the window quietly.</p>

    <p>The sun was about to set.</p>

    <p>Light from the evening sun was red, illuminating the uninhabited border’s barren lands.</p>

    <p>The dried grounds were cracked and the vegetation was withered. The grace of nature couldn’t be expected here. If one continued to go south, an even more barren and hot desert zone awaited them. This was unclaimed barren land, and even the greedy people from rock cities had abandoned this place.</p>

    <p>The caravan’s carriages traversed along sand filled paths that couldn’t really be called roads. People unfamiliar with the place would trip the Totos over stones that jut out of the ground or run the carriage into rocks and be stranded immediately.</p>

    <p>But they were experienced travelers.</p>

    <p>The 《Silver Vase》 would make an annual trek across this dangerous path and head for the western kingdom Selva.</p>

    <p>There were basically two routes leading from Semu to Selva. One was through the borders of the northern kingdom Mahildra, the other was through the free barren lands through the south.</p>

    <p>The northern route was well-paved, but bandits roamed there. Threats from humans were infrequent on the southern path, but nature itself was the biggest enemy. Both routes were similar in terms of danger, but ever since the 《Silver Vase》 was founded generations ago, this caravan has learned to compete with nature instead of bandits.</p>

    <p>However, these barren lands weren’t completely devoid of bandits either.</p>

    <p>It had been a long time since they last experienced that themselves.</p>

    <p>「Shumimaru.」</p>

    <p>The youth on the driver’s seat held onto the reins and said to him.</p>

    <p>「Yes.」</p>

    <p>Shumimaru leaned out.</p>

    <p>Several dark figures with their backs to the half-sunken disk of flame were approaching them.</p>

    <p>It was a group of bandits mounted on Totos.</p>

    <p>There were about ten of them, and a few of them were wielding silver colored sabers.</p>

    <p>As they came from the direction the 《Silver Vase》 was heading towards, Shumimaru’s group couldn’t escape. Besides, the Totos couldn’t shake off these bandits with its heavy load. Shumimaru pondered for a moment and instructed his comrades to stop the carriages.</p>

    <p>「Ohh? You guys are sensible merchants. If you stay there obediently, we won’t take your lives.」</p>

    <p>The bandits spread out and surrounded the five carriages.</p>

    <p>A man with an incredibly bulky figure trotted away with a saber in hand.</p>

    <p>He was a citizen of the west with curly brown hair.</p>

    <p>He wore a coat that was a little dirty, had a sash around his waist, and hung a pouch and bottle from his leather belt. His Totos was controlled nimbly, suggesting that he might be ex-mercenary.</p>

    <p>Shumimaru stood up from the side of the driver’s seat, facing the man who appeared to be the boss of the bandits.</p>

    <p>「You, north, from?」</p>

    <p>「What? Do we look like Mahildra people? Do you people interact with that barbaric race?」</p>

    <p>「I not, mean that. I know, you westerner. I want ask, you come, from north area.」</p>

    <p>「What a weird fellow! Never mind, since you can speak the language of the west, you are probably a higher class of Semu!」</p>

    <p>That man laughed, and despicable laughter of flattery came from the surroundings.</p>

    <p>Shumimaru looked at them expressionlessly.</p>

    <p>「You, skin red. So, I think, you just reach south. Westerner born south, skin yellow.」</p>

    <p>「So what? Are you stalling for time? The guards won’t come to this forsaken land, it’s useless to drag for time, you know?」</p>

    <p>「This zone, few bandits, attack Semu. We ten, you ten. Bandits normal, avoid us.」</p>

    <p>「… Huh? What are you saying?」</p>

    <p>「Need five, one Semu, to attack. Us, you, 50, need.」</p>

    <p>「Uwah!」</p>

    <p>At the moment Shumimaru declared that fact, the bandit boss suddenly fell over backward.</p>

    <p>He collapsed just like that, and the Totos that lost its owner tilted its long neck in quizzically.</p>

    <p>「B-Boss? What happened!?」</p>

    <p>「What the hell did you do!?」</p>

    <p>The rest of the bandits swung their weapons around.</p>

    <p>Shumimaru remained unmoved and slowly continued:</p>

    <p>「Semu, unarmed, are not.」</p>

    <p>Three men fell from their Totos, as if they were competing who would fall faster.</p>

    <p>Shumimaru’s companions were attacking with some type of blow dart.</p>

    <p>The tip of the dart was covered with Banagiuzu, which had an anesthetic effect.</p>

    <p>「Left 6. You, robbery, give up?」</p>

    <p>Shumimaru asked quietly.</p>

    <p>「All of you knock out, danger. If no rescue, night in borders, might die.」</p>

    <p>Yet another man fell.</p>

    <p>The remaining 5 guys shouted in a panic:</p>

    <p>「T-They are shamans from Semu!」</p>

    <p>「We will be cursed if we go near them!」</p>

    <p>The easterners were proficient in using medicine and poison herbs, so the westerners and southerners feared them, and thought they were shaman or magicians. This group of westerners finally remembered such rumors.</p>

    <p>「I kill, don’t wish. If robbery, give up, comrade take and leave.」</p>

    <p>The remaining bandits looked as if they were about to flee, so Shumimaru told them that.</p>

    <p>After being poisoned with Banagiuzu, they wouldn’t be able to move for half a day or so. If left alone, the five who fell would spend the night here defenseless.</p>

    <p>「Hope, you live properly. Your god, your life, will protect.」</p>

    <p>The pale-faced man started tending to their fallen comrades while staying wary of Shumimaru’s group.</p>

    <p>They grabbed the reins of the riderless Totos and fled to the north.</p>

    <p>「We go.」</p>

    <p>On Shumimaru’s orders, the five carriages set off again.</p>

    <p>His young companion turned to Shumimaru with his hands still on the reins:</p>

    <p>「Westerners, many bandits. No live properly, why they?」</p>

    <p>In order to learn the western language quickly, the members of 《Silver Vase》 refrained from speaking in their mother tongue as much as possible.</p>

    <p>「They probably, job no find. So by robbing, make living.」</p>

    <p>「West Kingdom, east kingdom, bigger than. But job, no find?」</p>

    <p>「Yes, so always, they, for land, fight.」</p>

    <p>Since ancient times, the Western Kingdom of Selva had been warring with the Northern Kingdom Mahildra for territory.</p>

    <p>The Eastern Kingdom Semu and Southern Kingdom Jaguar still couldn’t build a cordial relationship. Shumimaru’s group lived in a plain far from the borders, so they weren’t too concerned with this fact. But these two nations were currently at war.</p>

    <p>「… Time wasted. Hurry, go.」</p>

    <p>They advanced towards the sun that was sinking towards the horizon and kept galloping in the wilderness.</p>

    <p>They still had to journey for five days before they could reach the entrance to the Western Kingdom Selva— the border city Genos.</p>

    <hr/>

    <p>Shortly after the caravan repelled the bandits, dusk slowly shrouded the vicinity. The merchant group saw the light of a campfire in the darkness.</p>

    <p>It was a huge bonfire. Although they would run into other travelers in this barren lands sometimes, a bonfire of this scale was unusual.</p>

    <p>「What is that? A caravan from the west?」</p>

    <p>Shumimaru didn’t answer his comrade’s question and stared into the darkness.</p>

    <p>A large group of almost twenty people was preparing dinner.</p>

    <p>「Please slow. Avoid, them, agitate.」</p>

    <p>Shumimaru had doubts in his mind.</p>

    <p>A short moment later, his doubts were proven right.</p>

    <p>A man standing beside the bonfire lashed out in anger when he saw Shumimaru’s group:</p>

    <p>「You group of easterners there, what are you doing in our village!」</p>

    <p>That man had brown hair, green eyes, reddish-white skin and a stout build.</p>

    <p>They were citizens of the southern country Jaguar.</p>

    <p>When hearing the voice of that man, many figures gathered in the darkness, with spears taller than their height in hand.</p>

    <p>「We,the caravan 《Silver Vase》, we, west city, Genos, going.」</p>

    <p>This area was unregulated by nations. Citizens from any country could come and go without following the laws of any nations. Hence, when people from hostile nations like the Semu and Jaguar run into each other, it could become very dangerous.</p>

    <p>Besides, there were a hundred-odd Jaguar people here. If a commotion arosed between the two sides, Shumimaru’s group wouldn’t be able to handle it with poison darts like before.</p>

    <p>「You are a caravan? Hah! You travel through such problematic borders for the sake of business. I’m impressed by how far your greed drives you!」</p>

    <p>The man who hollered in the beginning made no effort to hide his malice.</p>

    <p>「This is our village! We will not let any easterners do as they please here! Go ask your black faced god, and decide if you will leave at once, or fight with us till the very end!」</p>

    <p>「We, fight, not intend. We, just, go west, want.」</p>

    <p>「Then stay away from our village! If you step within the bonfire, I will treat it as an invasion!」</p>

    <p>Since this area was not under any country’s jurisdiction, they couldn’t threaten Shumimaru with that reason.</p>

    <p>However, the people of Jaguar tended to be hot-blooded, and Shumimaru wasn’t willing to engage in foolish arguments with them. He stirred the Totos towards the north instead.</p>

    <p>They made a large detour around the circular bonfire and headed westward. The men from Jaguar held on their spears and watched every move of Shumimaru’s group.</p>

    <p>「Shumimaru, center of circle, several houses.」</p>

    <p>His comrade muttered under his breath.</p>

    <p>「Didn’t realize, here, erect village. Half a year, we pass this road, no village.」</p>

    <p>「Yes, probably, this half year, built.」</p>

    <p>「Why? Jaguar land, south of desert, further. This place, danger. Bandits, venom bugs, man-eating lizards… And barren land.」</p>

    <p>「Yes. But here, water source. With time, can farm.」</p>

    <p>As there was water around here, Shumimaru wanted to camp here.</p>

    <p>「They, old place, exiled. So this place, new home.」</p>

    <p>「Then our journey, arduous.」</p>

    <p>Once they put up a wall, the Semu people would have a more difficult time traversing this region.</p>

    <p>However, Shumimaru wasn’t too worried about it.</p>

    <p>「Dangerous, if no wall, be erect. But impossible, not so strong, they be. We just, detour, need.」</p>

    <p>It was extremely difficult to build a village with just one hundred-odd people. Shumimaru thought it was impossible for them to build a wall for their village. They would need the blessings of their gods just to make it through the day.</p>

    <p>They must have chosen such a life because of some incident. Maybe the war between the east and the south caused them to lose their homes. With that in mind, maybe it was the will of Semu for Shumimaru’s group to meet them.</p>

    <p>「We go far, no see bonfire, then stop. Then, at ease, both sides.」</p>

    <p>They moved quietly with lit torches. As the place was barren, there wasn’t any place to hide. After the Totos ran for a while longer, the bonfire from the village was no longer visible.</p>

    <p>「Around here. We camp.」</p>

    <p>Shumimaru’s group stopped after reaching the shade of a boulder that jutted out like the lower jaw of a beast.</p>

    <p>They untied the Totos, hammered steel pins into the ground, then tied ropes to these pins. The five carriages surrounded the campsite, and they built a fire in the middle. The ten members of the caravan did their assigned tasks and set up camp swiftly.</p>

    <p>「We, no replenish water. Less water, use.」</p>

    <p>After hearing what Shumimaru said, the companions in charge of dinner nodded.</p>

    <p>They were scheduled to reach the next water source tomorrow afternoon. If they ran into any mishaps, their lives would be threatened. So it was the right call for Shumimaru to reduce water usage.</p>

    <p>After putting rocks at the four corners of the campfire, they placed a giant pot on it.</p>

    <p>They added an adequate amount of water and put three types of ingredients in.</p>

    <p>Which were Gyama jerky, dried aria, and Minzu beans.</p>

    <p>Gyama was a beast that dwelled in the Semu region.</p>

    <p>Aria was a nutritious vegetable, grown not just in Semu, but Selva and Jaguar too.</p>

    <p>Minzu was a bean grown in the grass plains of Semu.</p>

    <p>People from Selva and Jaguar treated cereals such as fuwano and poitan as their staple food, but the main staple in the central region of Semu was Minzu beans. To avoid spoilage, the Minzu beans would be grilled. When someone wanted to eat them, the beans were to be added to boiling water, and doing this returned the Minzu beans back to their tender state. When Semu people camped outdoors, they would often cook this food with Chitto to make them spicy.</p>

    <p>「Shumimaru, please enjoy.」</p>

    <p>After the dinner was done and served onto plates, the first plate was offered to the band leader Shumimaru.</p>

    <p>Shumimaru sat on a cushion and received the plate with thanks. He then scooped up the soup with his spoon.</p>

    <p>It was a spicy bowl of soup, and the crushed Chitto fruit dyed the entire thing red.</p>

    <p>The saltiness of the Gyama jerky gave the soup flavor. As they added less water today, the taste was heavier than usual.</p>

    <p>After taking a bite of jerky, the strong taste of saltiness spread in his mouth.</p>

    <p><a id="noteReturn8"></a>When his tongue was tired, he would moisten his mouth with Gyama kumis in place of water.<a epub:type="noteref" href="../Text/Notes.xhtml#ftn8">[8]</a></p>

    <p>After a hard day of work, he could feel all sort of nutrients being absorbed into his exhausted body.</p>

    <p>As the soup ingredients were all food that was focused on preservation, this soup wasn’t delicious. The meat was as tough as roots, and fresh aria and Minzu beans would obviously be better than dried ones. If his body wasn’t craving for nutrients, he wouldn’t be able to eat this food.</p>

    <p>『I hope the day we reach Genos will come sooner.』</p>

    <p>Someone suddenly said that to him in their mother tongue.</p>

    <p>It was the youngest member of the band. He had just joined the 《Silver Vase》 and still couldn’t speak in western.</p>

    <p>『It’s tiring to eat such food for an entire month. I’m an easterner, but I’m starting to miss Kimyusu meat and Mamalia fruit wine.』</p>

    <p>『Yes, I feel the same.』</p>

    <p>After Shumimaru answered in mother tongue, the youth leaned forward.</p>

    <p>『Although Genos is a prosperous city, the dishes sold in the shops are really crude. Do the restaurants in the castle town sell higher-grade food?』</p>

    <p>『I don’t know. I had never dined in the castle town before.』</p>

    <p>『The Post Station Town and castle town in Genos are like two different worlds. I don’t mind lodging in the Post Station Town, but can we buy some light meals in the castle town—』</p>

    <p>『Hey.』</p>

    <p>At this moment, another companion admonished him.</p>

    <p>It was the vice band leader, Ladazjid Gi Nafasiaal.</p>

    <p>『It’s fine to think whatever you like, but you are showing too many emotions. Be careful.』</p>

    <p>『Really? I thought I’m already very careful.』</p>

    <p>The youth slapped his own face with his palms.</p>

    <p>Ladazjid shook his head quietly.</p>

    <p>『Your face is expressionless, but you revealed your emotions through your words. Semu is always watching you.』</p>

    <p>Easterners thought that showing one’s emotion was a shameful act.</p>

    <p>The youth straightened his back and sat properly.</p>

    <p>『We are going to Selva to obtain wealth. We need to bring the copper plates we earned back to Semu. Please avoid splurging. Dining in the castle town is not acceptable either.』</p>

    <p>『Yes, I understand… But the food sold in the Post Station Town all taste so bland. They have a wide selection of meat and vegetables, but it feels as if something is missing.』</p>

    <p>『The westerners are different from the easterners, they don’t use many spices in their food, and just add salt for seasoning. Of course, you will think their food tastes bland.』</p>

    <p>Ladazjid raised the plate in his hand up high.</p>

    <p>『Even if the food in the Post Station Town tastes bland, it will still be better than dried aria and Minzu soup. If you think their food is tasteless, you can add some Chitto fruit yourself.』</p>

    <p>『You are right.』</p>

    <p>The youth expressed his agreement.</p>

    <p>Even they found the accumulated fatigue from their journey hard to bear. After setting off from Semu, they had to ride on Totos every day and could only reach Genos after two months.</p>

    <p>After the first month passed, they could only travel in barren places that were sparsely populated. Hence, they couldn’t procure new stocks of food and could only eat the dry rations they brought along.</p>

    <p>However, their tough journey should reach its end in another five days.</p>

    <p>After reaching their first destination - Genos, they could travel between the cities, without need to camp outdoors. They would spend a few months touring the western lands and peddle the merchandise they brought from their homeland. That was how the 《Silver Vase》 led by Shumimaru lived.</p>

    <p>One year later, they would return to their home nation, Semu.</p>

    <p>The time they spent journeying was many folds that of the time spent in their home nation.</p>

    <p>Many easterners of Semu lived such nomadic lives, especially the people from the plains. Many of them travelled alone or in groups to Selva or Mahildra, but not in caravans like Shumimaru’s company. These Semu people wouldn’t stay in one place and would keep drifting. Such a lifestyle did fit the people of the grass plains.</p>

    <p><i>What kind of people will I meet during this journey?</i></p>

    <p>Shumimaru thought to himself as he placed the empty plate back on the tray.</p>

    <p>His comrades had also finished the humble rations before them.</p>

    <p>『Alright then, let us rest. Those keeping watch, pay more attention to the east. Those Jaguar people might attack us.』</p>

    <p>The band members spent this night peacefully, just like every other night before.</p>

    <hr/>

    <p>Four days later—</p>

    <p>One day before reaching Genos, the barren landscape finally changed.</p>

    <p>「Now we see, Morga Mountain.」</p>

    <p>The companion holding the reins said with faint emotions in his voice.</p>

    <p>At the edge of the west was a vast dark-green forest.</p>

    <p>That was the secret realm with many legends and where no man roamed, the Morga Mountain.</p>

    <p>Morga Mountain belonged to the western kingdom of Selva in name. But the citizens of Selva were forbidden from entering it. Ferocious beasts like Barb wolves, Madarama snakes and barbarians dwelled in the mountains. Legends said that if they tried to clear this mountain, the entire city would be destroyed.</p>

    <p>The only exception was the human settlement in the forest at the foot of the mountain.</p>

    <p>They were the denizens of Forest’s Edge… This tribe abandoned Jaguar and converted to the western god Selva. They were the 『Untamed people』— the hunters of Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>The denizens of Forest’s Edge were filled with mysteries too.</p>

    <p>They were said to be the mixed blood of Semu and Jaguar in ancient times, but that was a baseless legend. They once dwelled in the nameless 『dark jungle』 of Jaguar and cut themselves off from the outside world. Back then, they hunted the vicious man-eating apes and travelled in the jungles while wearing the hides of those apes, a barbaric race of unknown origin.</p>

    <p>Four scores ago, the flames of war spread to the 『dark jungle』 and they lost their homes.</p>

    <p>They were unwilling to stay in Jaguar as frontiersmen, so their entire tribe migrated to the foot of the Morga Mountain. They willingly changed the god they worshiped and moved to the land in the west.</p>

    <p>The denizens of Forest’s Edge didn’t seem to consider themselves as part of the four nations. Their god was the forest. Hence, they had no qualms in deserting the southern gods and adopting the western one.</p>

    <p>The people feared the denizens of Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>And the denizens of Forest’s Edge were indeed fearsome.</p>

    <p>They lived at the foot of the Morga Mountain and hunted kiba, which was seen as a sign of disaster in the past. They showed their terrifying prowess to the people in the city.</p>

    <p>They ate kiba meat and peddled kiba tusks, horns, and pelt in exchange for provisions. The people from the city actually believed that the denizens of Forest’s Edge absorbed the powers of the ferocious kiba and made themselves more violent and strong.</p>

    <p>The members of the 《Silver Vase》 could now see the legend-filled Morga Mountain appear in the west.</p>

    <p>The Genos city lay to the west of Morga Mountain.</p>

    <p>They just needed another day and a half to traverse the southern edge of the mountains, and they would finally reach civilized lands for the first time in a month.</p>

    <p>「Please be careful, keep guard up.」</p>

    <p>「Yes.」</p>

    <p>As they followed the unpaved road forward, their surroundings gradually turned into yellowish rocky grounds. It wasn’t clear if this was just their imagination, but the air also seemed more humid.</p>

    <p>The Totos had run for half a day, and the sun was starting to set when the majestic view of the Morga Mountain appeared before them.</p>

    <p>And now, we just needed to have a good rest, set off on the Totos the next morning, and we would reach Genos before dusk tomorrow - Shumimaru thought as he signaled for the other carriages to stop.</p>

    <p>At this moment, one of 《Silver Vase》 members jumped off a carriage and walked towards Shumimaru.</p>

    <p>「Shumimaru, stars shifted.」</p>

    <p>He was the oldest member of the caravan and had been a part of the 《Silver Vase》 since the time of Shumimaru’s father.</p>

    <p>He was an excellent astrologer.</p>

    <p>「Stars, where, move ?」</p>

    <p>「Red stars of calamity, block our way. Disaster beckons tonight.」</p>

    <p>The astrologer raised his right arm as he muttered quietly.</p>

    <p>He pointed his bony finger towards the dark forest.</p>

    <p>「Disaster from north, strike. Famished fangs, crimson rage, danger.」</p>

    <p>「Famished fangs… kiba, attack?」</p>

    <p>It was said that the hungry kiba would often leave the forest and attack the farms in Genos. Even the brave hunters of Forest’s Edge couldn’t eradicate all the kiba inside the vast forest at the foot of the mountain.</p>

    <p>But they had never heard of kiba attacking travelers. Compared to meat, kiba preferred fruits and vegetables. It was also their nature to shun humans.</p>

    <p>「Don’t know. But Morga Mountain is north, danger.」</p>

    <p>Shumimaru’s caravan was on their way through the south of the Morga Mountain, so the dense forest was naturally to their north. Since this place was treacherous, they could only choose either to strive forth or retreat.</p>

    <p>「I see. Go south, farm village. Danger there?」</p>

    <p>「Danger. No refuge in south.」</p>

    <p>The entire world was basking in the setting sun.</p>

    <p>Be it advance or retreat, night would fall during their travel. Although they were proficient in driving Totos, it was still too dangerous to force march in the night.</p>

    <p>「Understand, we—」</p>

    <p>Before Shumimaru could finish, a terrifying howl came from the north.</p>

    <p>It was a low howl of a beast from afar.</p>

    <p>The same howl echoed from other directions, as if they were answering each other.</p>

    <p>The howl was fierce, as if they were the cheers of evil gods that had been liberated after being sealed for centuries.</p>

    <p>「Kiba howling. I heard this, twenty years ago.」</p>

    <p>With those words, that comrade returned to his carriage.</p>

    <p>They had no time to hesitate. Shumimaru instructed his companions to continue their advance.</p>

    <p>At this instant, an ugly beast charged out from the shadows of the boulders to the north.</p>

    <p>「Pew!」</p>

    <p>His comrade quickly shot a poisoned dart. The beast let out a muffled grunt and collapsed on the rocks.</p>

    <p>It had a round body, slender legs, large diamond-shaped ears and a flat snort— short light yellow fur covered its ugly body. It was about the size of a human child.</p>

    <p>It wasn’t a kiba, but Munto that preyed on rotten meat.</p>

    <p>Munto would forage for rotten meat in the forest and was one of the dangerous beasts that dwelled in the foot of the Morga Mountain.</p>

    <p><i>Did the kiba’s howl spooked the Munto and sent them running from the forest?</i></p>

    <p>As he was wondering about that, about half a dozen figures leaped out from the boulders. Their crimson eyes shone as they stood opposite the setting sun.</p>

    <p>『Advance!』</p>

    <p>Shumimaru shouted as he snatched the whip from his companions and hit the Totos’ waist.</p>

    <p>Munto normally feasted on rotten meat and only attacked the living when they were famished. In a sense, they were as dangerous as kiba. As the Munto’s legs were not as developed as kiba’s, they couldn’t sprint like them. Even a Totos laden with cargo could shake them off.</p>

    <p>「Totos driver, switch. Prepare fire.」</p>

    <p>Shumimaru took the reins from his comrade who asked:</p>

    <p>「Prepare fire?」</p>

    <p>「Yes, fire. Put up, two torches. Totos will keep going, until danger gone.」</p>

    <p>『The sun is setting soon.』</p>

    <p>His companion was too tense to speak in western and spoke in his mother tongue as he retreated to the carriage.</p>

    <p>「So, torches, we need. Tell others.」</p>

    <p>If the astrologer of 《Silver Vase》 was right, they were in danger until reaching the west side of the Morga Mountain. Instead of setting up camp and worrying about attacks from kiba and Munto, it was safer to continue traveling on their Totos.</p>

    <p><i>Such situations will happen on a journey.</i></p>

    <p>Shumimaru’s group had experienced something even more terrible in the past. Hence, when he swung his whip at the Totos, his heart was filled with hope, not despair.</p>

    <hr/>

    <p>The next morning… In the end, Shumimaru’s group traversed the southern end of the Morga Mountain the entire night.</p>

    <p>They entered the territory of Genos after passing through the foot of the Morga Mountain and reached the stone-paved road. This wide road built from stone meandered through the world from north to south.</p>

    <p>To their left were the bountiful farmlands, and to the right was the Morga Mountain’s range. They looked up at the majestic mountains and proceeded north, and rows of wooden buildings appeared on both sides of the road. This was the Genos city’s Post Station Town.</p>

    <p>The sun rose slowly, and the Post Station Town welcomed Shumimaru’s group just like during their previous visit</p>

    <p>「Everyone, safe? 」</p>

    <p>Shumimaru got off the driver’s seat at the entrance of the city, then turned towards his comrades. One companion got off each of the four carriages, and all of them were clearly exhausted, but calm. One especially tall member— the vice band leader Ladazjid asked:</p>

    <p>「We reach, early half day. What do?」</p>

    <p>「For inn, head. When prepare ready, shop tomorrow, open . Today rest.」</p>

    <p>The Post Station Town forbade Totos from running within its boundaries. Shumimaru and the rest stepped inside Genos with their reins in hand.</p>

    <p>There was still some time before noon, and people on the streets were sparse. But few inns were already open. Women with baskets of dirty laundry and men doing door-to-door sales could be seen too.</p>

    <p>The peaceful scene before them made the previous night’s panic feel like a dream.</p>

    <p>Genos was very far from the enemy nation Mahildra. Hence, life in this city was prosperous and they never had any large-scale conflicts. There were even strong-looking guards protecting this city. Genos was one of the richest city in the region, so defense against banditry was a major concern.</p>

    <p>The outskirts of the Post Station Town and the farming village nearby weren’t covered by walls but were patrolled by guards around the clock. Although Genos was the border city furthest from the western capital, it was an important trading hub.</p>

    <p><i>This placed used to be shunned.</i></p>

    <p>Two centuries ago, this zone was still part of the unclaimed territory. Back then, there were just a few hundred westerners planting aria and poitan in their farms and barely scraping through.</p>

    <p>However, there was a large river flowing from the Morga Mountain hidden here. When the locals discovered its existence, frontiersmen from other regions were despatched here. And before long, the Genos city was founded.</p>

    <p>After that, the road in this area became paved, and a large swath of farmlands was developed to the north and south of the Genos city, which drew in people from everywhere. A hundred-odd years later, this giant city that didn’t feel like it belonged to the borders was built.</p>

    <p>Another hundred years later, Genos became a crucial trading hub.</p>

    <p>And now, many merchants from Semu and Jaguar visited this place, making this city even more prosperous and lively. As the Semu and Jaguar people were forbidden from causing any trouble within the western realm, this city became one of the places where citizens from both nations could cohabit peacefully.</p>

    <p>Hence, Shumimaru liked Genos.</p>

    <p>Shumimaru’s group came from the grass plains where people didn’t compete with each other, so they felt at ease in this place.</p>

    <p>Even when Shumimaru’s group from the east walked on the streets, no one would cast strange gazes upon them. Even when encountering Jaguar people, their interaction wouldn’t escalate past an unfriendly glare.</p>

    <p>「Shumimaru.」</p>

    <p>Someone diagonally behind him called out.</p>

    <p>He turned and found Ladazjid looking another way.</p>

    <p>Following his gaze, Shumimaru saw three figures coming out from the alley to the east.</p>

    <p>They were three women with brown hair and light dark skin. Clothes with swirly patterns covered their soft bodies, and all three wore translucent shawls. They were women from the Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>The older one was leading two younger girls.</p>

    <p>These denizens from the Morga Mountain had quiet and determined expressions. There was nothing unusual with their appearance, but there was an almost feral air about them.</p>

    <p>The people in town weren’t bothered by Shumimaru’s group, but they were visibly tense when they saw the three women. Compared to foreigners like Shumimaru, the denizens of Forest’s Edge residing in the west looked more out-of-place, be it the hunters or the women.</p>

    <p>The Forest’s Edge women went off to the north briskly.</p>

    <p>Probably, they were here to buy ingredients from the food stalls. Genos prohibited the denizens of Forest’s Edge from plucking fruits and vegetables from the forest, so they had to make frequent trips to the Post Station Town and trade in tusks, horns, and hides for food.</p>

    <p>However, Shumimaru’s group didn’t make any effort to avoid the denizens of Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>The westerners treated the denizens of Forest’s Edge as unfathomable aliens, while the southerners thought of them as traitors who abandoned the southern god. But the easterners had no reason to avoid the denizens of Forest’s Edge. The easterners treated the grass plains, mountain ranges, and the sky as gods, so they weren’t surprised to see the denizens of Forest’s Edge revere the forest as a god.</p>

    <p><i>In order to continue doing business in Genos, I shouldn’t approach them lightly.</i></p>

    <p>Shumimaru thought to himself as he headed down an alley leading to the west.</p>

    <p>He continued based on his memories and saw a familiar signboard.</p>

    <p>The 《Cryptic Venerable Inn》 was an inn that wasn’t too large, and Shumimaru’s group lodged there periodically.</p>

    <p>「Boss, long time never see.」</p>

    <p>「Ah, it’s the guests from the 《Silver Vase》… So it is already the season for you to visit.」</p>

    <p>The innkeeper made a gesture with his fingers, which was the way Semu people greeted each other. The innkeeper’s name was Neil, and he was a strange man. Despite being a westerner, he was passionate about the culture of the east.</p>

    <p>「There would be ten guests this time too, correct? How long will you be staying?」</p>

    <p>「We, until blue month end, stay. Vacant rooms, any?」</p>

    <p>「A large group just left this morning, I will prepare two large rooms for you.」</p>

    <p>「Thank you. Cargo, put here?」</p>

    <p>「Yes, this way please.」</p>

    <p>Ushered by Neil, they left the inn and moved to the back of the building. There was a large warehouse which was locked. It wasn’t large for an inn, but for the 《Silver Vase》 ladened with luggage, this was a convenient store.</p>

    <p>Shumimaru let the Totos pull the five carriages into the warehouse, then turned to his comrades.</p>

    <p>『Before we rest, we need to prepare for the shop opening tomorrow. Ladazjid, apply for a sales permit in the marketplace, and check if the entry pass into the castle town is still valid.』</p>

    <p>For the sake of the 《Silver Vase》 members who were still unfamiliar with western tongue, Shumimaru instructed in their mother tongue:</p>

    <p>『Deposit the Totos into the stables on the way there. Five people will accompany Ladazjid, the other three will sort the merchandise with me.』</p>

    <p>『Understood.』</p>

    <p>Ladazjid’s group of six brought the ten Totos out of the warehouse.</p>

    <p>Shumimaru and three others stayed behind to sort the wares they would be peddling in the castle town and the Post Station Town.</p>

    <p>Five carriages full of merchandise was a huge amount. The goods were already sorted according to carriages, but they still needed to spend some effort to tidy up the wares. Their stamina was at their limits.</p>

    <p>「Shumimaru, kitchen knife, castle town?」</p>

    <p>「Yes. We, Semu knife, in Post Station Town, no sell.」</p>

    <p>Semu steel was precious, and the knife was expensive. Even though life in Genos was prosperous, there was an enormous gulf between the Post Station Town and castle town. It was the same for accessories, they would sell the silver adornments in the castle town and peddle the horns of Gyama and stone accessories in the Post Station Town.</p>

    <p><i>It’s almost done…</i></p>

    <p>A moment later, Shumimaru exited the warehouse after finishing the categorization with his companions. They closed the heavy doors and locked it with a pad.</p>

    <p>No one would think that the goods to be sold in the castle town would be stored in a warehouse within the Post Station Town. But they were still worried about thieves and set a trap with poison herbs. If anyone were to touch the wares without permission, they would be poisoned by Banagiuzu and sleep for half a day.</p>

    <p>Shumimaru was satisfied with his work and returned to the 《Cryptic Venerable Inn》.</p>

    <p>The innkeeper was already back on the counter, and he intentionally kept a poker face as he nodded at the Semu men.</p>

    <p>「Thank you for your hard work. Are you heading to your room to rest?」</p>

    <p>「Yes. But before rest, business first.」</p>

    <p>Shumimaru made a gesture, and a comrade placed a large bundle on the counter.</p>

    <p>Neil smiled, but realized it and showed a poker face. He seemed to practice the Semu way of concealing one’s emotion in real life too.</p>

    <p>「I promised, castle noble, sell much food. So this is few, sorry.」</p>

    <p>「Not at all, this amount is good enough.」</p>

    <p>Inside the bundle was Semu ingredients such as Chitto fruit.</p>

    <p>And now, Shumimaru’s group could taste Semu-styled dinner in the inn too.</p>

    <p>Although the quality and quantity weren’t satisfactory, Neil was still very pleased. After all, such expensive spices and foodstuff wouldn’t sell in the Post Station Town.</p>

    <p>The Post Station Town had a wide selection of meat and vegetables, so the citizens didn’t really crave delicious food. Compared to the other cities, the food culture was plentiful enough. But easterners preferred stronger seasoning and were a little unhappy with the plain taste of the food in Genos.</p>

    <p>However, they brought this merchandise all the way from Semu and had no intentions of lowering the price. The Jaguar merchants felt the same way too. So both parties would sell all the expensive ingredients in the castle town.</p>

    <p><i>The residents of the Post Station Town live a prosperous life. No other city in the border region could afford for the normal citizenry to eat Karon and Kimyusu as they wished… And the nobles living beyond these rock walls are living a luxurious life that the residents of the Post Station Town can’t even imagine.</i></p>

    <p>According to the laws, the residents of the Post Station Town couldn’t step into the castle town. Hence, they didn’t know how lavished the life of the nobles was due to the resident’s effort.</p>

    <p>On the other hand, after Shumimaru got acquainted with a Genos noble by chance, he obtained an entry pass that granted him access to the castle town. It was the most basic of entry passes, so he could only enter the castle town during the day and couldn’t spend the night there. However, he had a good grasp about the life within the rock walls.</p>

    <p><i>It’s impossible for a Semu city to have such incredible disparity in wealth. Furthermore, the denizens of Forest’s Edge that the people in the city fear as barbarians are also living here. It will be hard to find another city as abnormal in the west.</i></p>

    <p>Shumimaru liked Genos. Therefore, the strange atmosphere and customs in this city worried him.</p>

    <p>This city was a little twisted.</p>

    <p>Would it be corrected? Could this city provide equality to everyone in their pursuit of happiness? His heart was filled with such worries.</p>

    <p><i>I’m just a foreigner, there’s no point in thinking about such things…</i></p>

    <p>When Shumimaru’s train of thought reached this point, someone opened the door of the inn strongly.</p>

    <p>He turned and saw the six comrades who went out to the city standing at the entrance.</p>

    <p>『What’s the matter? Your movements are too unrefined.』</p>

    <p>When he saw his young companion standing before him, Shumimaru admonished him in their mother tongue.</p>

    <p>『I beg your pardon.』</p>

    <p>The youth apologized, then approached Shumimaru.</p>

    <p>His face was calm, but his eyes showed the light of excitement.</p>

    <p>Ladazjid and the others appeared shaken too.</p>

    <p>『Is something wrong? Could it be… The entry pass is invalid?』</p>

    <p>《Silver Vase》 possessed an entry pass issued in the name of a noble. If that noble lost his standing, the pass would be invalidated.</p>

    <p>『There are no problems with the entry pass.』</p>

    <p>The youth shook his head.</p>

    <p>『In that case, why is Ladazjid also so flustered? This is not like you at all.』</p>

    <p>『I looked flustered? I’m ashamed.』</p>

    <p>It was a very subtle change, so the westerners definitely couldn’t tell the difference. But Shumimaru was their comrade, so they couldn’t hide it from him. Their expressions were calm, but they were obviously flustered.</p>

    <p>『To be honest, we ate a surprising dish.』</p>

    <p>The youth said.</p>

    <p>『I never imagined that I would taste such food in the Post Station Town of Genos.』</p>

    <p>『Did you try the dish from a food stall? I’m looking forward to that. I’m so exhausted from last night that I still can’t eat anything now.』</p>

    <p>Shumimaru answered in a little surprised tone, and the youth shook his head again.</p>

    <p>『Do try it tomorrow. It is an incredible dish. And they used kiba meat as an ingredient.』</p>

    <p>『Kiba meat? Only denizens of the Forest’s Edge will eat that, correct?』</p>

    <p>『Yes. The stall owners are from the Forest’s Edge… However, one of them is a westerner in Forest’s Edge garment.』</p>

    <p>That made Shumimaru dumbfounded.</p>

    <p>A westerner in Forest’s Edge clothings made food from kiba meat and was selling it in a stall inside Genos— that was unbelievable.</p>

    <p>『… If what you say is true, I will want to try it.』</p>

    <p>『Yes, please do. You can then understand our surprise.』</p>

    <p>Shumimaru watched his companions in silence and felt a stir in his chest.</p>

    <p>Maybe Shumimaru felt that way because either the god of the east or west was sending a premonition of the revolution that was coming.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>