<br/>
Chapter 10 – Aria<br/>
<br/>
It was a shop filled with pink and frilly things.<br/>
Inside the shop, it was a place where females wore mini-skirts and frilly clothes, serving customers that were primarily men.  Rather than coming here alone, I invited Rondo-San and Ralph-san to come with me after my first time here.<br/>
Rondo-san was a bit reluctant, but Ralph-san’s insistence was strong. With that, Rondo-san had no choice but to come.<br/>
When we entered the shop, it was when Aria-san was working.  She smiled when she saw me.<br/>
「You’ve come again.  Welcome.」<br/>
Saying that, she guided us until our chairs. Rondo-san muttered.<br/>
「Somehow, I feel bad towards Rachel.」<br/>
But his comrade Ralph-san was able to persuade Rondo-san.<br/>
「There is no way we can invite Rachel here. Besides, if I had also known about this good out-of-the-way place, I’d have already visited pretty frequently.」<br/>
This place was located on a small path from the main street. Certainly this shop could be described like that.  It seemed that, due to his concern over the bad location for this shop, the shop owner was using various methods in order to attract customers.<br/>
After the three of us sat down, Aria-san came with the menu.<br/>
『The usual.』<br/>
Even though the First’s voice couldn’t be heard on the outside, he was trying to order something that was relatively expensive from the menu. No, certainly an expense of two large copper coins was a bit big, but it wasn’t like the price was outside of my capabilities.  I’ve been saving everything else, so it should be fine for me to splurge a little bit.<br/>
「Err, the usual, please.」<br/>
Rondo-san was also the same.<br/>
「I’m also fine with the same thing as before. Ralph, what about you?」<br/>
「Wait a bit. I plan to conquer all of the items in the menu here, but as expected, the one I ate before is also hard to abandon. Shit-! If it’s like this then give me two. This cake and this tart.」<br/>
Aria-san wrote up the order with a smile.<br/>
「Two of the recommended set, one slice of chocolate cake, and then the specialty frau tart of this shop. Thank you very much for your continued patronage.」<br/>
Aria-san received the order and headed over to the counter. Looking around, women wearing miniskirts were receiving orders with a smile and brought the cake to the smiling customers.<br/>
The male customers in this shop either had scary faces or were dressed like adventurers.  There were also a few sending glances at the female waitresses, but there were also bearded adventurers eating sweet things with gleeful expressions.<br/>
This place was like a secret hideout. The owner created sweets and sold them in this shop. But, this kind of shop was growing in number in Dalien, and so he searched for a different route of selling, and as a result…….<br/>
「Here, the ordered recommended set. As for the honored customer there, please wait a bit more for your order.」<br/>
The filling of the pie today was cheese and jam. The drink was a tea with a slight bitterness in order to balance the flavor. Ralph-san looked at our pie and said,<br/>
「……That looks good.」<br/>
He looked frustrated. Ralph-san was tall and looked slightly thuggish, but it seemed he was extremely fond of sweet things. His family was poor and he was unable to eat something like this. When he tried going outside, that kind of shop mostly had female customers. Even if he got the chance sometimes, it seemed like Rachel-san would eat most of it.  For men with this kind of problem, this shop was especially designed for them. It looked like an indecent place, which would lead to mostly only adult men entering.<br/>
On that day, Aria-san brought me to this shop. My heart was beating fast due to a misunderstanding. But when I entered inside, there was a sweet aroma and Aria-san treated me. After that, unexpectedly……the First told me to visit Aria-san’s shop. I was worrying whether I should take Novem along, but this was a shop that served as a hideout for men. They would be troubled if a woman visited this place.<br/>
「……Ah, this pie is delicious.」<br/>
Rondo-san was eating while nodding. However, looking at the amount,<br/>
「However, for the amount to be like this with this price……ordinarily thinking, it’s too small. No, I understand that sweet things are expensive but……」<br/>
The set consisted of only a fourth of a round pie and some tea. Looking at that, certainly it was a large expense to pay two large copper coins for it. However, sweets were fundamentally expensive.<br/>
People like Ralph-san used five large copper coins just for today.<br/>
「This is the chocolate cake and the special frau tart set of this shop. Then, enjoy. Ah, welcome.」<br/>
Ralph-san’s eyes shined after Aria-san brought out the remaining order. As for Aria-san, a customer came so she headed over there to serve that customer. Ralph-san was looking delighted thinking about which one he’d start with.<br/>
「No, this is really a good shop. Certainly just one large copper coin would be enough to eat until you’re full. But as expected, this kind of sweet is also good! Now then, which one first……it should be chocolate cake first in this situation!」<br/>
Ralph-san reached out toward the small chocolate cake with his large body. But, the enjoyment of Ralph-san was immediately interrupted as a small hand darted in from the side.  The chocolate cake was stolen, and then plunged into the plunderer’s mouth<br/>
「What the hell are you doing! Come…out…side…」<br/>
Ralph-san stood up angrily, but the one standing there was Rachel-san, who was finishing tossing the cake into her mouth.  She licked the remaining chocolate on her fingertips before speaking to Ralph-san and Rondo-san.<br/>
「That’s delicious. Now then, let’s hear the reason why two men are having fun in this kind of place while leaving me out of it.」<br/>
Rondo-san also stood up.<br/>
「N, no, this is! Rachel, let’s talk it out. Ralph, too, say something.」<br/>
The shock of having his chocolate cake stolen and the shock from having this side of him seen made him mutely fall back into his chair and eat the tart quietly.  A voice could also be heard calling out to me.<br/>
「Lyle-sama? Just what is the meaning of this?」<br/>
When I looked up, Zelphy-san was making a very complicated face, and Novem was making a very conflicted face.  It was unclear whether she was worrying about me, or actually feeling relieved.<br/>
「Ah, no, this is……that’s」<br/>
Then the First was also flustered inside the Jewel.<br/>
『No, Novem-chan……yo, you misunderstand! There is a deep reason for this, it’s for the sake of protecting Alice-san’s descendant from the idiots visiting this shop with ulterior motives!』<br/>
The Second coolly spoke to the panicked first.<br/>
『She cannot hear you. Or rather, it’s you who made Lyle, who has a guilty conscience towards Novem, visit this shop with his acquaintances.  Aaa, Lyle is really troubled because of you.』<br/>
The Third also spoke similarly to the First.<br/>
『Horrible. This is just too horrible, First.』<br/>
It was only the Fourth who watched the shop’s atmosphere while speaking.<br/>
『But, well……it’s not like you can bring women here.』<br/>
「Err, that……we also have things to talk about between only us men, and because of that meeting in an inconspicuous place is……」<br/>
Zelphy-san looked at the menu while,<br/>
「I see now. It’s like a café, but the main item is sweets.  My, this looks delicious. You two, it seems like it’ll be the treat of these three today.  Please give me this cake, a whole order.」<br/>
Ralph-san returned to his senses hearing what Zelphy-san said.<br/>
「The whole cake, you said. Even I have never made that kind of order!」<br/>
Then Rachel-san also sat down and began ordering.<br/>
「This tart and cake, then this and this and this! Also, please give me this for the drink.」<br/>
Rachel-san ordered from a waitress who was nearby. Rondo-san made a resigned face at this situation.  Her order exceed eight large copper coins. I looked back at Novem.<br/>
「Then, I’ll have today’s recommendation. Ah, also one pie for takeaway.」<br/>
……My earnings today and the pocket money of Rondo-san and Ralph-san have completely disappeared. Furthermore, I couldn’t see Aria-san. She was at the front until just now but, did she return inside?<br/>
.<br/>
After treating the girls, I returned to the inn.<br/>
When I entered the rented room, I was nervous in front of Novem. It wasn’t like I was visiting an indecent shop, but for some reason I felt guilty. Novem sat down on the bed and I could only stay standing in front of her.<br/>
「Lyle-sama.」<br/>
「Yes!」<br/>
I was hiding something from Novem, who I was greatly indebted to. I recognized that it was inexcusable. But, it wasn’t like I was doing something that I should be feeling guilty about.  While I was thinking of an excuse, Novem handed a silver coin over to me.<br/>
She put a silver coin on my grasp. When I looked at Novem, she smiled. It was scary instead.<br/>
「Novem, this is?」<br/>
「From Lyle-sama’s daily reward, you must be unable to eat the food that you want, and most of all, most of the customers there were male. It will be bothering the other customers if we come along. I will be expecting souvenirs though. However, please don’t visit their every single day.」<br/>
Far from getting angry, she was giving me money. How should I react to this kind of situation? While I was taken aback, Novem smiled and said,<br/>
「Lyle-sama is working hard everyday, so you need to have some kind of relaxation. That’s……I also know that there are shops that men visit. But, if you’re going out, please tell me beforehand where you’re going.」<br/>
Inside the Jewel the First was rejoicing at Novem’s reaction.<br/>
『What a good girl. With this, going to Aria-chan’s place is──』<br/>
But, the Fifth muttered to himself.<br/>
『……Somehow, isn’t Lyle increasingly becoming more like a gigolo sponging off Novem?』<br/>
When he said that, certainly it seemed so. Novem earned more than me and had more money. Furthermore, she even gave me the money to play with.<br/>
「It’s not like I was doing something to feel guilty about.」<br/>
When I made that excuse, Novem nodded with a smile.<br/>
「I know. Also, that money included the money for the trouble this time. Please treat Rondo-san and Ralph-san with it.」<br/>
My guilt became unbearable from the way Novem dealt with me.<br/>
.<br/>
The next day.<br/>
I showed my face at Aria-san’s shop.<br/>
When I entered inside, Aria-san saw me and turned her smile towards me.<br/>
「Welcome~」<br/>
The First’s voice came from the Jewel.<br/>
『Aria-chan is really cute today too.』<br/>
He was fawning over her. I made my order.<br/>
「Err, can I ask for a pie for takeaway? It will be great if I can receive two whole pies wrapped separately.」<br/>
Aria-san took a memo.<br/>
「Separately it is. Who is the present for?」<br/>
「Today Rondo-san and Ralph-san cannot make it, so I’m thinking about getting them a souvenir. The other one is for Novem──the one who came yesterday, she is like my comrade, or family……」<br/>
I could hear the Second sigh listening to how I was troubled on how to describe Novem.<br/>
『Sheesh, just say lover there.』<br/>
Aria-san’s hand stopped. And then, she looked at me while,<br/>
「He, hey. Yesterday, you know……there was a purple haired adventurer wasn’t it? That’s……is, is she your acquaintance?」<br/>
I tilted my head. I didn’t think that she would ask about Zelphy-san. But, I answered honestly.<br/>
「Yes. She agreed to become our instructor. That’s, we are beginners, so we asked her to teach us various things.」<br/>
「Is that so. I see……」<br/>
She looked slightly relieved. And then, Aria-san made a slightly lonely expression, but she noticed my gaze and smiled.<br/>
「Sorry about that.  I was just a bit curious. Today, I’ll at least give you a drink as a free service. After all, yesterday you ate a lot and contributed to the sales. The owner also seemed happy.」<br/>
I recalled the gusto of the girls’ eating manner yesterday. When they ordered more, the three of us men almost cried. No, it felt like Ralph-san really was crying back then.<br/>
「Something like yesterday was a bitter experience though.」<br/>
Aria-san faced me.<br/>
「Well, cheer up. Let’s work hard, the both of us.」<br/>
She said that to encourage me. Her smile looked really dazzling.<br/>
.<br/>
Night.<br/>
I was called inside the Jewel, and saw the listless First surrounded by the other ancestors.  The reason for his listlessness was mainly due to Aria-san. The other ancestors were denouncing the first for making me visit Aria-san’s shop, causing Novem to act in consideration of me.<br/>
Those like the Second didn’t even hide his anger.<br/>
『She has an exact resemblance to your first love and the same surname? In other words, because she might be the descendant of your first love, you are trying to attract her attention by contributing to the sales, is that it?』<br/>
The Second interrogated him in irritation. The First, sitting down on his chair, could be seen with his large body shrinking down as he nodded.<br/>
『……That’s right.』<br/>
The Fourth used his index finger to slightly push up his glasses. The lenses shined eerily.<br/>
『The expense everyday cannot be made light of. Besides, it caused Novem-chan to worry and even made her give Lyle money.』<br/>
The First looked at me,<br/>
『That’s because this guy didn’t refuse it!』<br/>
The Third’s attitude was carefree as usual but, his words contained criticism somewhere inside.<br/>
『It’s not manly to blame others. Or rather, Lyle has responded to the First’s demand to the best of his ability, using what little income he has, hasn’t he? And yet the First, being the main cause of this, is accusing Lyle like this.  Isn’t that mistaken?』<br/>
……I see. It would be fine if I returned the silver coin that I received from Novem for buying sweets. I didn’t realize it at all. Even while thinking that, the ancestors were continuing to persecute the First persistently. Like the Sixth who shrugged and shook his head .『Didn’t you talk about treasuring Novem? Good grief, you’re the worst.』<br/>
The Fifth looked at such Sixth in surprise while,<br/>
『You’re the one saying that? Just how much do you think you have……no, right now, this is about the First. As expected, looking at your attitude right now after criticising Lyle to his extent, I can’t think good of it.』<br/>
Around the time when I started meeting the ancestors inside the Jewel, there was that one time when the Seventh punched the First. Furthermore, perhaps because the era they lived in was too far separated from each other, he might be the one with the coldest attitude towards the First.<br/>
『It’s a fact that you aren’t in a position to say anything about Lyle. And, you will properly explain what this is all about, won’t you?』<br/>
The First stood up and hit the table with both of his fists. I jerked in surprise, but the ancestors didn’t even look shaken.<br/>
『Shut up, all of you! You guys, I’ll say this first but, without Alice-san, the provincial noble Walt House won’t even exist today!』<br/>
The Third was listening to those words with great interest.<br/>
『……By that, do you mean that she was a sponsor or something? But, I had never heard of the Lockwarde House giving us support. It was a Baron house, wasn’t it? In my era they were a house that carried out duties related to the religion in Centralle.』<br/>
The Seventh nodded at the Third’s words. It seemed he had recollections about it.<br/>
『Certainly, the Lockwarde House managed the religious matters. They arranged various things for the ceremony regarding the Goddess, like the program and so on. But, they didn’t look like a house with that much power, though.』<br/>
What it meant by managing religious matters was mainly doing the preparations for the event. It was a house that had the duty of managing the tools being used in the ceremony, and they were also in charge of various other arrangements.  But, if that were the case, It was strange that Aria-san was in Dalien. Perhaps she was a relative or she simply shared a surname. The First yelled at us.<br/>
『Wrong! I……wanted to marry Alice-san, that was why I wanted to become independent. In Centralle I was just the third son of the lowest rank capital noble. Someone like me had no choice but to become independent if I want to be equal to Alice-san! That’s why, without Alice-san the likes of you wouldn’t even be born!』<br/>
The Second’s gaze turned cold hearing the First’s words. Guessing from that attitude and from the flow of the story until now……the First was unable to marry that Alice-san. In other words, the Second was just forced to hear about his father’s first love.<br/>
『You had a woman that you loved other than mother, that kind of reason isn’t something to feel angry for after this late.  However. The reason you led a reclamation group and became independent was that? In order to marry the one you loved?』<br/>
The First who heard that turned slightly red. Bearded face, scary face──the figure of the First who was like that blushing wasn’t something that I wanted to see.<br/>
『Wrong! We weren’t like that.  To begin with, we had never even talked with each other. Besides, that day when I came back to Centralle for her……Alice-san had just married into the Lockwarde House.』<br/>
Looking at the First who blushed and looked seriously dejected, my feelings became really indescribable.<br/>
「……How did you plan to marry her when you had never even talked with her? That’s, I think it’s impossible without a connection between the two families or talking it out beforehand.」<br/>
It was the Second who answered my question.<br/>
『There is no way this guy could lay down some groundwork like that. You must’ve been planning to simply barge into their house and ask her to marry you.  The other house must also feel relieved that their daughter was able to marry into another family.』<br/>
The First once again yelled from his heart as everyone was looking at him with cold gazes<br/>
『But, I can meet with Alice-san’s descendant──Aria-chan like this! This is the proof that my first love isn’t over yet! My first love isn’t over. And then, this meeting is fate!』<br/>
『That’s a misunderstanding. Your first love is over, and it’s also not fate I think.』<br/>
The Third cut down the First’s feelings with a smile. The First powerlessly sat down on the chair and grumbled his complaints. Everyone ignored it and conversed. The Seventh looked at the First in exasperation while,<br/>
『Lyle, the person there right now is an idiot, but even rotten like that he is the founder of the feudal lord noble house of Walt. Without the First’s Art, the current you wouldn’t be able to skillfully use Arts. Conversely speaking, if the First teaches you his Art, we too will be able to teach you our own Arts.』<br/>
The Art that was recorded first inside the Jewel was a strengthening Art that could be described as common. Arts were divided into three types of Vanguard, Rearguard, and Support, but strengthening Arts could manifest in any of those three types. Body strengthening was an Art that was the easiest to manifest, to the point that it was considered the fundamental Art.  The third explained it to me.<br/>
『It doesn’t have the explosive power of the Vanguard type or even specialized strengthening like the Rearguard type. The strengthening of a Support type is an Art raises the overall strength of the user. In addition, speaking from the feeling of the user, the strengthening is around ten or twenty percent, I think.』<br/>
The strengthening of a Support type seemed to be the most balanced. The Second also nodded.<br/>
『Even if we teach our Arts to the current Lyle, you will immediately run out of mana. That’s why, we wanted to compensate for that by using this guy’s Art to increase your mana temporarily but……』<br/>
It seems that the ancestors weren’t teaching me their Arts for no reason at all. It was simply because of the problem of my inability to use the Arts well even if they taught me. Running out of mana──this became the biggest bottleneck. The Sixth looked at me as he spoke.<br/>
『The Art that was manifested immaturely. In addition, there is the maintenance of the line connected with the Jewel. Right now your consumption of mana has increased while your usable mana is small.』<br/>
The Fourth returned his gaze to the First once more.<br/>
『Well, even taking that into consideration, the amount of mana in your possession isn’t that much. But, in order to solve all those problems at once and make it so that you are able to learn Arts, the First’s Full Over is necessary. This is a convenient Art that all the generations of family heads used.』<br/>
I looked at the First. But, the First averted his gaze from me.<br/>
『Who is going to teach their Art to this brat.』<br/>
My shoulders dropped. The other ancestors were also shaking their heads in exasperation.<br/>
.<br/>
It was on the third week that our instructor Zelphy-san would finally teach the next step.<br/>
After I finished my work like usual, received the evaluation and accepted the reward, Zelphy-san called me just as I was about to go home.  We went to a café on the main street. There, she treated us to drinks as we listened to her talk. It was a shop with a calm atmosphere. As expected from a shop on the main street, it even had a large window and the figures of people walking outside could be seen as you were sitting inside the shop.  The tables and chairs were made from good quality wood and crafted carefully.<br/>
「The atmosphere is relatively calm, so it became my favorite place. The cake here is also delicious.」<br/>
Zelphy-san smirked while making fun of me. She was cleaning up her cake with a small fork. And then, her expression became slightly serious when she started the main topic.<br/>
「Have some rest tomorrow. I think you have finished preparing your equipment, so equip them. We’ll go outside the day after tomorrow. It’s a bit early, but you two have enough strength. And it seems you two also have the funds.」<br/>
We had completed any kind of odd jobs in general and then we also had saved funds to a certain degree, so Zelphy-san told us that we would advance to the next step.<br/>
When I felt relieved that I finally came this far, Zelphy-san spoke to me.<br/>
「Normally you will work for around three months until six months to prepare your equipment and save up money. You two have money so it’s unnecessary, but remember it properly just in case. The other adventurers are working steadily like this to prepare their equipment. Supposing that you lose your equipment or your comrade is heavily wounded, you can also survive by working these odd jobs. There is no loss in remembering this.」<br/>
After I silently nodded, Zelphy-san asked me to confirm.<br/>
「Have you investigated what kind of monsters there are around Dalien?」<br/>
Novem answered that.<br/>
「Yes. There are slimes everywhere. Other than that, I heard there are also killer rabbits and several types of insect monsters.」<br/>
The knights and soldiers periodically patrolled Dalien’s surroundings and highway, so it was relatively safe. If the feudal lord was doing his work enthusiastically, the public order would be protected like this and the dangerous monsters are removed. The work for adventurers decreased like that, but that was how it balanced out.<br/>
「Anyone can deal with them as long as they don’t panic. But, we are adventurers. ‘It’s fine to just defeat them’, that’s not how it goes for us. We need to collect the material. Tattered material will cause the merchants to beat down the price. We have to defeat the monsters while keeping in mind to not harm the part that will become money.」<br/>
It was simple to simply defeat monsters. If adults surrounded a monster and struck it with sticks, they would be able to beat at least one of them. However, it would be difficult to turn the defeated monster from that into money.<br/>
「The way to collect materials, and also the tools to use……having them or not having them will cause the income from here on to greatly change. The amateurs think that it’s fine to just defeat them, so they end up thinking that getting the right tools is just troubling. Show your face on the morning of the day after tomorrow when you have prepared the necessary tools. Also, bring a bit extra.」<br/>
We had heard about the necessary tools on the first day. And then together with Novem, I would purchase them on our holiday. We had finished preparing.<br/>
「Well, I’ll teach you about the small details at that time.」<br/>
Novem and I would finally be able to work outside the city along with Zelphy-san. I felt relieved that I had finally become something like an adventurer.<br/>
.<br/>
──Stands were lined up in a back alley of Dalien.<br/>
Aria who was wearing a coat headed towards one of the stands. In the stand she was going to, there was a man dead drunk.  One of his hands was holding an empty wooden cup. His face was bright red, his hair had grown long, and then his unshaven face was snoring. His clothes were also dirty. It seemed he had rolled on the ground somewhere again.<br/>
Similar stands were lined up in the surroundings. There were adventurers as well as Dalien citizens drinking alcohol. When the stand owner saw Aria,<br/>
「You’ve it hard every time. But, I’m also doing a business here. You have to pay five large copper coins.」<br/>
Hearing that, Aria took out her wallet from her coat. The salary from the place she was working at was good. There were a lot of women who refused to wear miniskirts and dressed cutely, so because of that the job’s salary was set to be higher compared to other places. But, Aria’s father drank alcohol everyday like it were water, and he also turned his hand to gambling. Aria was the one paying off his debt.<br/>
「I, I’m sorry. I can only pay three large copper coins today.」<br/>
Her wallet contained four large copper coins. If she didn’t keep one piece behind then she would be unable to buy food tomorrow. The stand owner made a face that seemed to say ‘again’.<br/>
「I’ll put it in the tab, but it’s already nearly 30 large copper coins, you know? You also have tabs in various other stores right? I’m not saying that you’re doing bad, but even so……」<br/>
Aria lowered her head. The owner’s gaze was directed towards the drunk man. He was Aria’s father and a man who was a baron just some time ago. A former noble. However, right now he was just an unemployed drunkard. He was a man who gambled and drunk alcohol with his daughter’s salary.<br/>
「I’m sorry! I will do something about the debt that’s why…」<br/>
The owner seeing Aria,<br/>
「……You might get sold as a prostitute if things don’t go well. Do something about it before that happens. I too will feel pained seeing an acquaintance meet misfortune.」<br/>
Aria who paid three large copper coins said thanks to the stand owner and shouldered her father to help him stand up. He reeked of alcohol.  In addition, a limp adult male was very heavy.<br/>
When Aria was going to take this father up till their home, the stand owner warned her.<br/>
「Be careful, okay? That guy, apparently he borrowed money from some shady bunch. He made them fork over the money with some skillful speech, but if he had that kind of talent he should just work more diligently.  It’s a real shame.」<br/>
Aria smiled bitterly and then walked back home with her shoulder supporting her father.<br/>
(……I know it’s no good at this rate. But, someday Otou-san will become serious again.)<br/>
He was formerly a noble. Before, he was working diligently. Aria wanted to think that. However, they lost everything because of her father’s fault and drifted from Centralle to Dalien. The Lockwarde House was formerly a house with a pedigree in Centralle. However, right now the father and daughter were living in a cheap apartment in Dalien. The Lockwarde House lost everything because her father embezzled money. Originally, the embezzler would be executed. And it wouldn’t be strange for his family to be heavily punished too.<br/>
He was dealt with without the matter going out to the public because it wasn’t just Aria’s father who was embezzling money. Aria knew that only after everything happened. Though she wasn’t pleased that it was only the Lockwarde House that got punished.<br/>
「Otou-san, we will arrive at the house soon.」<br/>
Her father didn’t answer Aria’s words. He was going to gamble using the money Aria earned almost everyday, and then he would drink alcohol even though he didn’t even have any money. He was living in such a way<br/>
Even so, Aria believed that someday her father would return to how he was in the past, when he was an upright person──<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 