<br/>
Chapter 7 – Broken Heart<br/>
<br/>
We returned to the inn that we were staying at.<br/>
We left the guild, finished our shopping and ate lunch outside before returning. Speaking about what we were doing after entering the room, we were reading the booklets we received from Hawkins-san. A strange silence filled the room. But, I alone was being troubled by the voices coming from the Jewel. After all, the reactions of the ancestors who were reading the booklet were terrible. Especially the First.<br/>
『What does it mean, ‘Don’t trouble other people’!? Is this thing written for a kid, huh!?』<br/>
The Second took a cold attitude towards the First acting like that.  With an exasperated voice that sounded like he was making fun of the First, he spoke of how difficult the thing that was written in the booklet was.<br/>
『Do you know how many people there are who can’t even do that?  If even children can do what is written here, there wouldn’t be something like bandits in this world.  Now, go look in a mirror, you stupid bastard.』<br/>
Responding to that, the First yelled,<br/>
『You want to say that I’m dumber than a kid!? Come outside!』<br/>
『We can’t go out, right?  Also, if you’re that self-aware of it, then stop with the ruckus.  Lyle is going to collapse.』<br/>
I’m really happy with the Second’s opinion, but his words were making it sound like I was frail.  Even if I’m like this, I did train, and my mana pool was considered vast among people of my age. It only looks small from the viewpoint of the ancestors in their prime.  At least, that’s what I wanted to think. It was the Third who calmed down the quarreling duo and laughed reading the contents of the booklet.<br/>
『Well, there are a lot of cases where doing a fundamental thing is difficult. There are also a lot of kids who want to do something when they’re told not to.  Even adults are the same. I also did something like that in the past that couldn’t be taken back…』<br/>
His last few words from the carefree Third actually sounded a bit sad.  Then, Novem finished reading the booklet and closed it carefully, storing it inside the bag that we had just bought.  She had finished reading it but it seemed like she would carry it from here on out inside her baggage.<br/>
「I have grasped the gist of the basic way of taking requests, and the rules and manners, but there seems to be a lot of things that won’t be clear until we actually do a job.」<br/>
I had the same opinion as Novem’s impression. The fundamentals were written there, but conversely speaking there was nothing more than that written in it. Don’t bother Dalien’s residents and guild, don’t anger the client……and then, you will be punished if you commit a crime, it was that kind of thing. If it was written about in detail, then it would become one thick book.  I also finished reading and placed the booklet on the bed I’m sitting on. Novem made a slightly troubled face and put my booklet inside the bag too. Seeing her like that, I asked her something that was bothering me.<br/>
「Hey, Novem……about that money──」<br/>
When I spoke that far, a voice from inside the Jewel stopped me. It was the panicked Fourth.<br/>
『Lyle, wait. Stop. You mustn’t ask. No, I understand your feelings but, don’t make Novem-chan say it from her mouth! ……The guilt will be unbearable.』<br/>
The First seemed to not realize why the Fourth stopped me.<br/>
『Why? Certainly, it was a lot of money, but the Forxuz House right now is at the Baron rank, right?  It wouldn’t be strange for her to have that much, no?』<br/>
The Second also had the same opinion. Although he was also a bit displeased that his opinion matched the First.<br/>
『Certainly. For a Baron house that much is──』<br/>
When the Second spoke until that point, the Third seemed to realize something. In the era of the First and Second, the Walt House was a noble house of the lowest rank with a knight peerage. And then, in the era of the Third the house became a bit richer, advancing in rank to that of a Baronet house.  What the Third just noticed had already been noticed from the ancestors Fourth generation onwards.<br/>
『……Eh, don’t tell me.』<br/>
The Third let out a really troubled voice, at the same time that Novem was also looking at me with a troubled face.<br/>
I’m really curious. Without even understanding the reason for the ancestor’s flustered state, I spontaneously asked her a question.<br/>
「Was it money from the Forxuz House?」<br/>
Then the Sixth spoke loudly.<br/>
『Lyle, don’t ask! Listen, think carefully before talking!』<br/>
Novem made a face that looked the most troubled since we had started traveling.  Thinking that I was asking something bad, I was about to say she didn’t need to tell me if she was reluctant──<br/>
「My house also gave me some amount of money. But, thinking that it wouldn’t be enough, I sold the utensils and clothes that were prepared for my engagement with Lyle-sama.  I couldn’t really trouble my house, after all.」<br/>
──Hearing that explanation, the Seventh muttered. From there, the ancestors started making a ruckus as they ignored my mana.<br/>
『So it’s like that, as I thought. From the talk of her engagement with Lyle, and from how she was able to pay that much money despite being a second daughter, even if it’s a Baron house…it seemed unnatural..』<br/>
The First confirmed with the surroundings in a shaking voice.<br/>
『Wait. Wait a second. In other words, what……Novem-chan, sold all of her dowry, to come along with Lyle? Furthermore, that much money, she used it for Lyle’s sake……?』<br/>
The Second was greatly flustered.<br/>
『I, in our era we would give it our all to prepare the dowry. Isn’t it something really important for a girl? Is it different in this era?』<br/>
The Second’s voice was filled with hope towards the answer of the surroundings. But, the Seventh cut down his hope decisively.<br/>
『More than ten years has passed since the era I was alive in.  But, even in my era, the dowry was the wife’s assets. It’s still incredibly important for them.  After all, for a woman to marry into another family, it’s their precious property. However…Novem, she is going that far for Lyle’s sake.』<br/>
The surroundings were making a ruckus in response to the Seventh’s thinking. The First yelled loudly.<br/>
『WHY THE HELL’RE YOU GUYS THAT CALM HUUUHHH!!?? UNCLE, I’M SORRY! MY DESCENDANT REALLY CAUSED TROUBLEEEEE!!』<br/>
The uncle that the first mentioned must be the person of the Forxuz House who he was indebted to. The Second was also the same, he was apologizing to the person from the Forxuz House that he was indebted to.<br/>
『Bro……I’m really sorry. I’ll absolutely do something about this, that’s why…』<br/>
The Third was also the same.<br/>
『Aa, Nee-san’s descendant is really praiseworthy. And yet my descendant is nothing but a burden……if it’s like this, I’ll have to make Lyle seriously do his best.』<br/>
Frankly speaking, it didn’t feel like it was just me who had been a bother to the Forxuz House.  It felt like all of the ancestors were in some kind of debt to them. The silent Fifth loudly clapped his hands several times after listening to the talk until now.  The Jewel immediately turned silent.<br/>
『It can’t be helped if she already sold it, that is Novem’s will. In order to not disregard her will, we must have Lyle aim to become a first-class adventurer.  That’s the only thing we can do right now. If Lyle can become someone with a good income, then he could just buy the dowry for Novem and anything else she wants.  Lets have a more productive talk.』<br/>
The Fourth seemed to have the same opinion, but he was concerned with the amount of money from the selling of that dowry. With matters concerning money, the Fourth became slightly more talkative.<br/>
『Well, the problem is that dowry. She was a second daughter was it? Even so, if she would marry into a Count house like the Walt House that has a higher rank……as expected, suitable goods would be prepared for her. I wonder just how much money it cost.』<br/>
The Sixth also fell into similar thought. Their words cornered me, and also the First, the Second, and the Third.<br/>
『If they also took several years for the preparatory period of the dowry, and gathered items according to their preference that won’t be a shame even for a count house……the amount might be something that made a baron house force themselves in order to meet it.』<br/>
Not just Novem, it would be something that even burdened the Forxuz House greatly. When the First understood that, he yelled at me angrily.<br/>
『Ge, get out there right away and defeat monsters! Then sell! Keep selling monster materials and make as much as you can! I-If you work hard from now on, then even if you’re gathering up the same thing there won’t be──』<br/>
The Seventh put a stop to the First who was like that.<br/>
『That’s impossible. The monsters around here were written in the booklet, but none of them are worth any real money.  It will be a useless effort.』<br/>
Because of the ancestors making a continuous ruckus, my mana was continuously  being drained. My body gradually felt more and more tired. Even though it was only a bit after noon, I was starting to feel so tired that I couldn’t gather my thoughts.  Novem was worried about me being like that, and called out to me.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, are you all right? Err, please don’t let it weigh on your mind. It was something that I did arbitrarily. Besides, if Lyle-sama’s dream can come true because I sold it off, I’ll have no regrets.」<br/>
The Third yelled hearing those words of Novem.<br/>
『Stop it, Novem-chan! The guilt is getting worse! Or rather, what a really good girl……she is wasted on Lyle──』<br/>
Midway the voices from inside the Jewel vanished simultaneously. The limit of my mana had arrived. And then, the limit of my mind also came. My useless self. And then my self that was criticized by the ancestors. Furthermore, Novem who was doing everything she could for me who was like that──<br/>
I’m at my limit.<br/>
「Why…」<br/>
「Lyle-sama?」<br/>
「Just why are you that devoted to me! I’m someone who was thrown away by my own parents, you know!?」<br/>
「……That’s」<br/>
I understood that I’m venting. I was acting like a spoiled brat and venting at Novem, who had done so much for me. But, I couldn’t stop it. Tears came out.<br/>
「You understand after traveling together with me, right?! I don’t know anything. I can’t do anything! I can’t answer your expectations, so why are you devoting yourself to someone like me!? I was even banished from the house. Someone like me who won’t be given the time of the day by anyone……it’s meaningless!」<br/>
Novem was watching me who was crying and venting my anger. She was watching with a serious expression, her hands pressed on her chest and then she opened her mouth.<br/>
「Lyle-sama is a splendid person. You could do your best even when you were alone in the Walt mansion. You didn’t run away, and faced everything head on.」<br/>
Surely she was talking about my fight against Celes. But, from where I’m standing, something like that was no different than running away.<br/>
「The end result was the same. I lost against Celes and my parents abandoned me! Everyone around me was disgusted at me. They said I’m the shame of the Walt House! A failure! ……If it’s like this, it would be better if I ran away. I pointlessly struggled thinking that someday I’ll be rewarded……everything was meaningless!」<br/>
What I yelled loudly towards Novem were the words I had been keeping inside my heart until now. It was scary. Celes was scary. It was scary to be abandoned by my parents, and frustrating. It was also scary that the people around me distanced themselves from me. That was why I wanted them to look at me.  I continued to swing my sword and polish my magic. I read books and studied alone. But, in the end, all of that was pointless.<br/>
「You, it’s meaningless even if you devoted yourself like this to me. I’m a man who is that worthless. Get it already. Don’t make me……feel even more wretched than this!」<br/>
I knew that I was saying something terrible to Novem who had devoted herself to me this far.  But, I also thought that if Novem would leave me with this, that it Would be better for her. I couldn’t gather my thoughts.  My emotions became unstable. I had used up my mana, and I had really become no good mentally. I sat down on the bed and looked down.  Tears were falling out in drops. Pathetic. Even knowing that, all I could really do right now was cry. Then, Novem stood up and gently hugged me.  My face was buried into her large breasts.<br/>
「……I have been looking at you all this time.」<br/>
「Eh?」<br/>
Hearing Novem’s voice like that, I tried to move, but she hugged me tightly.  I couldn’t see Novem’s face. But she was still talking to me with a kind voice.<br/>
「I have been looking at Lyle-sama all this time. I happened to catch sight of Lyle-sama working hard alone in the mansion many times. There were also times when I called out to Lyle-sama. But, you were desperately working so hard that you didn’t have time to mind me.」<br/>
I recalled the past. That’s right. There wasn’t enough time for my effort, so I put all my time into training and reading.  I even thought that the time taken in talking to other people was precious. Thinking back now, I should have looked at my surroundings more.<br/>
「Besides……Lyle-sama once helped me. In the past, in a gathering that was children-only, I was shunned and was watching by myself as everyone else was playing.  Lyle-sama called out to me without fail. There are also a lot of other things. When the talk about my engagement with such a Lyle-sama came out, I was really happy.  I swore that I would support Lyle-sama without fail.」<br/>
「……The past, huh. My memory is vague and I don’t remember anymore. Something like that might have happened.」<br/>
I felt like there was something like that in the past, but the harsh environment since I was ten years old was the everything for the current me. Was this also the so called effect of Celes? Right now I could only recall the past vaguely, to the point that the Lyle Novem was talking about felt like an entirely different person.<br/>
「Lyle-sama isn’t worthless. I believe that.」<br/>
「Someone like me who won’t be looked at by anyone doesn’t have any value……」<br/>
「I’m looking. And then, from now on I will stay at Lyle-sama’s side forever.」<br/>
「Everyone said that but they still left me! Everyone……they abandoned me! What the hell, is Celes that much better than me, huh!? Even Novem, you are better with Celes……someone like me, I’m just a man who lost against Celes and lost everything. I’m that kind of man!」<br/>
Novem hugged me even stronger than before and muttered into my ear.<br/>
「Lyle-sama.」<br/>
「……What」<br/>
「No matter what kind of person Lyle-sama is, I’ll be at your side. I have yearned for Lyle-sama all this time. I won’t ask Lyle-sama to love me. But, please allow me to love you. Just that, is enough for me.」<br/>
「……Novem, I」<br/>
「Lyle-sama is worthy for me to devote myself to. That’s what I decided. That’s why, Lyle-sama isn’t worthless. The Walt House might be important. But, Lyle-sama is also just as important. Lyle-sama……let’s do our best together.」<br/>
「……Yes」<br/>
Tears came out again after hearing those words. This time it was tears of happiness that came out. I wonder, when was the last time someone needed me──wanted me to this extent?  Right now, I couldn’t even remember. And then, I let go of my consciousness in relief as I stayed like that inside Novem’s embrace.<br/>
.<br/>
『No one will look at me~』<br/>
Inside the Jewel. With a bright red face, I was watching the trio dancing on the round table with their arms around each other’s shoulders. With the Third at the center, the First and Second were joining him shoulder to shoulder, shaking their body and singing.  Apparently, it was the Second’s turn next.<br/>
『Even so Novem-chan is staying beside me~』<br/>
The First finished the song.<br/>
『Rather, that’s a plus, you bastard! Don’t act spoiled!』<br/>
In front of me the trio were acting in a way where I wasn’t sure if they were making fun of me or scolding me.  The Fourth was watching the three with an exasperated expression. He fixed his glasses’ placement with his index finger while turning his gaze to me, and clears his throat.<br/>
『Well, it’s that isn’t it. Lyle should have more self confidence.』<br/>
Everyone’s warm gaze gathered on me. Embarrassingly, even though I couldn’t hear their voices, it seemed they could still watch everything.  It was so embarrassing that my face was bright red, and I hid my face with both hands.<br/>
「You’re wrong. That was because I ran out of mana and became mentally unstable. That’s why, I’m not always like that.」<br/>
The First and the others ignored my opinion.<br/>
『It was embarrassing even for us who only listened! You, learn a bit from Novem-chan. What the hell was with that, you acting like a damn sissy like that!』<br/>
Even after hearing my excuse, the surroundings ignored it. The Fourth made the three get down from the table and sit in their chairs.  During that time, the Seventh covered for me.<br/>
『Lyle was lonely, weren’t you?  However, you won’t be alone from now on.  You have to be stronger.』<br/>
Certainly, I’m not alone anymore. Novem will surely be with me when I wake up.  And then, we will meet the instructor and I will begin my life as an adventurer for real.  It would be pointless even if I was fidgeting here.<br/>
「I understand. I have to work hard from here on, I also have to return back this debt to Novem……」<br/>
Then the Sixth looked at me.<br/>
『Aa~, Lyle. You still don’t really understand huh. Listen, from now on you aren’t alone, so that means that you will have to provide for Novem. In other words, a family.』<br/>
I looked at the face of the Sixth who said such a thing.<br/>
「Eh? Err……by family, you mean……」<br/>
The Fifth explained to me in monotone. He didn’t look irritated, acting as though he was observing from some distance away. Such an attitude was unbroken until now. But, the tone of his words was a bit stronger than before. The feeling that no objection was allowed was conveyed to me.<br/>
『Marry her. Bluntly speaking, there is no better wife than this. Besides, she is so devoted to you that she even sold her dowry, which is really important for a girl.  Abandoning her isn’t an option that can be tolerated. You also don’t hate Novem, right?』<br/>
「Ye, yes. I, I love her.」<br/>
The Third listened to my answer and nodded with his usual leisurely attitude.<br/>
『The people concerned are also in acceptance, in that case there isn’t any problem. Well, after getting banished from the house there isn’t any need to follow the house precepts or anything, and the main line of the Walt House is Lyle, so it’s fine even if you build the house somewhere else. Besides, it will be really difficult if you are going to search for a wife other than Novem-chan. The requirements from the Family Precepts are really strict. Though personally, I also want to take in the Forxuz House’s bloodline somehow.』<br/>
The Second was slightly irritated towards such a Third.<br/>
『It was me who searched for your wife for you. Good grief, do you know how hard it was to find someone who fulfilled the requirements?』<br/>
The Seventh also encouraged the marriage with Novem.<br/>
『Well, she is a former fiancée that has done that much for you. The Forxuz House has served us well. And then, surely they would also do the same from now on. Lyle, make Novem happy. That will be the sincerity that you can show here.』<br/>
The Sixth also nodded.<br/>
『That’s right. Well, even if she doesn’t pass the requirements of the Family Precepts, if it’s Novem right now, then we also won’t stop you from marrying her. Those Family Precepts are troublesome, anyways.』<br/>
The Walt House’s Family Precepts. That could also be said as the family precepts for taking a wife. It was started from the First and has been protected seriously until now by the Walt House. That was so but──here, there was only one person looking around and tilting his head.<br/>
──It was the First.<br/>
『What, there are requirements just for marrying? Who the hell was it, the stupid bastard who started that kind of troublesome thing?』<br/>
I heard that the Family Precepts for taking a wife into the Walt House started since the first generation. But, was that wrong? When I looked around, the Second was clenching his fist with a shaking body.<br/>
『Oi, don’t screw around, you shitty dad.』<br/>
The Third heard the First’s words and looked understanding.<br/>
『Aa, it’s like that huh. Certainly, it was unthinkable that Ojii-sama would make those kinds of Family Precepts.  Or rather, didn’t anyone confirm it? Well, it was also surprising that it’s still continuing.』<br/>
The Fourth watched the carefree Third enviously.<br/>
『The Third had it good. The Second arranged your wife for you. As for me, I was promoted to a Baron so it was really troublesome in various matters. I was also late in marrying…haa…』<br/>
The Fifth looked at the First while looking convinced.<br/>
『I thought it was something like that. It’s mysterious how those kinds of Family Precepts remained……but, the surroundings would get annoying if it’s stopped midway so it’s not like I could stop it.  At my time, I even increased it by one, you know?』<br/>
The Sixth made a really complicated expression while,<br/>
『There were also contents that overlapped with each other, so they were interpreted in a forceful manner so they could be accepted.  Or rather, why doesn’t the First remember it?』<br/>
The Seventh stared fixedly at the first.<br/>
『You are the worst.』<br/>
The First looked around with flustered looks.<br/>
『Wha, what are you talking about!?』<br/>
The Second spoke as the representative of everyone’s feelings. I too was shocked to think that the person responsible for creating the Family Precepts actually didn’t know anything.  Because, the Walt House that had become feudal lord nobles had believed in the Precepts for taking a wife up until this point.<br/>
『It’s you. The one who created those bothersome Family Precepts, it was you, you stupid bastard. Look in a mirror. The idiot mug of the stupid bastard that did that will be reflected in there.』<br/>
Getting told that, the First looked around while sweating.<br/>
『Lies……eh, I made something like that!? I don’t know anything like the Family Precepts or whatever!』<br/>
How did it become something like this? The Second began to chase the First around. No one here tried to save the First.<br/>
『Let me punch you! Let me punch that face of yoursssss!!』<br/>
Chased around by the greatly enraged Second, the First seemed to understand that the fault lied on him and he was unable to strongly resist.<br/>
『You, wai-! I’m your father! You guys too, don’t just watch, help me out!』<br/>
Surely inside the room of the round table, this was the moment where everyone’s heart except the First became one.<br/>
Shut up and let the Second punch you already.<br/>
──They thought.<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 