<br/>
Chapter 22 – Confession<br/>
<br/>
──The night when Lyle and the others headed to the territory of the Maini House.<br/>
Novem and Aria were preparing hot water inside the hut and wiped their bodies. They also wiped their clothes, finished their meal, and when they had also finished taking care of the horse, they obtained some free time.<br/>
「I wonder if those three are all right?」<br/>
Novem sat on the floor while polishing the staff that was her weapon.<br/>
「It’s alright. Sophia-san is acquainted with the feudal lord of that territory, and Zelphy-san is also with them.」<br/>
When Sophia’s name came out, Aria hugged her knees and slightly looked down.<br/>
「Sophia huh…… Is it as I thought, that the type of girl that Lyle likes is someone like her?」<br/>
Aria compared herself with Sophia.<br/>
Sophia was pretty with long and silky black hair. Besides, she also had a calm atmosphere that was unlike her, and her breasts were big, adding to her femininity.<br/>
When Novem heard those words of Aria,<br/>
「Lyle-sama doesn’t hate Aria-san.」<br/>
But, Aria also had realized.<br/>
「But, he is troubled isn’t he? Even at the talk of buying me out of the brothel, Lyle wasn’t involved in it. I’m happy to be saved but, it feels like I’m only clinging on to Lyle……my feeling, is a bit heavy.」<br/>
Novem made a troubled expression while starting to talk about Lyle’s past quietly.<br/>
「Lyle-sama was driven out from his house that was a Count house. He fought with his little sister Celes-sama, and he lost in a really terrible way.」<br/>
Aria was feeling doubtful towards that story. She had heard about it but, she couldn’t imagine that Lyle who won against the leader of the bandit group was weak. In fact, after spending time together with him for a while, she also understood that his movements were different from them.<br/>
That was why Aria was feeling excessively down.<br/>
Because she couldn’t be useful to Lyle.<br/>
「That’s a bit strange. I cannot imagine Lyle losing……. Besides, he doesn’t look so bad that he would get driven out. Though, sometimes, I do happen to see him looking troubled because of the somewhat strange side of him.」<br/>
Novem spoke clearly.<br/>
「You mean Lyle-sama’s ignorance of the world. But, that can’t be helped. Lyle-sama received terrible treatment from his house. Besides, he is unable to find worth in himself.」<br/>
「His own worth? Bu, but, Lyle can also use magic. He will immediately collapse after that but, his skill with a sword is also on a different level.」<br/>
Novem shook her head.<br/>
「Even so, he cannot recognize himself. Lyle-sama continued to lose and receive cold treatment, so he doesn’t have confidence. Lyle-sama spoke unconfidently because of that. He is ignorant of the world because all this time he had been confined inside the mansion. He is also not good with associating with people.」<br/>
「I, I see. Lyle also has it really hard. Perhaps someone like me is still more blessed than him.」<br/>
Aria pondered about Lyle’s environment.<br/>
(He was confined inside his house and became ignorant of the world, and he lost against his little sister and got driven out. It’s a bit strange but, Zelphy also said the same thing so it must be true. But, if that’s the case……)<br/>
Aria murmured.<br/>
「Can I, be useful for Lyle?」<br/>
Novem smiled.<br/>
「Yes. Even now, Aria-san is being useful.」<br/>
「How?」<br/>
「Lyle-sama is learning various things even by simply talking with Aria-san and the others. I think he will sometimes give a cold impression too, but it’s because he is unable to understand how to interact with others. That’s why, he really doesn’t understand. I want Aria-san to stay beside Lyle-sama who is like that. You are already helpful just by accompanying him.」<br/>
Aria asked the question in her mind towards Novem.<br/>
「I’ve been thinking that it’s strange since some time ago.」<br/>
「What is?」<br/>
「Why is Novem going that far for Lyle? If it’s because you are his former fiancée and you love him, you won’t want me or Sophia to get close to him won’t you? Because……」<br/>
Novem put her hand on her lips and chuckled. In that moment the lantern’s fire died out and the lighting was lost.<br/>
「Thank you very much for your consideration. But, it’s fine. Because that is Lyle-sama’s wish, and it’s also for Lyle-sama’s own sake.」<br/>
Due to the moonlight shining in from the window, she could see that Novem was smiling. For a moment she was unable to see her expression, but Aria could see that Novem was saying that with seriousness.<br/>
「……His wish, is to be surrounded by women?」<br/>
Novem spoke.<br/>
「Certainly that’s not a good thing. But, I think the person himself doesn’t really understand what kind of meaning such thing has. Besides……」<br/>
「Besides?」<br/>
「Lyle-sama needs someone else other than me to give him support.」<br/>
Saying that Novem made a slightly sad look──<br/>
.<br/>
──The afternoon of the next day.<br/>
Just like yesterday, Novem and Aria were practicing magic at an open space that was a slight distance away from the village. It was then that Dale and Zappa visited them.<br/>
The two paused their magic practice and asked what the two’s business was.<br/>
「Pardon me, is there something? We have received permission to use this spot though?」<br/>
Dale was acting a bit timidly at Novem’s words.<br/>
「N, no, it’s not about that……you see」<br/>
Aria was also puzzled at Dale’s vague attitude.<br/>
「If it’s Lyle and the others then I think they will return within today. So if you have something to talk about──」<br/>
Then, Zappa was unable to bear with Dale’s attitude and opened his mouth.<br/>
「Aa, irritating! Look here, I want to ask a bit, you two can use magic right?」<br/>
Novem affirmed it.<br/>
「Yes. If there is something that you need help with, we will cooperate within reason, but……」<br/>
Zappa cut off Novem’s words and pushed Dale’s back towards Aria. When Aria took a step back, Zappa said.<br/>
「Hey, you──won’t you marry Dale!?」<br/>
Aria was dumbfounded at the sudden proposal.<br/>
「……Ha?」<br/>
Dale tried to stop Zappa.<br/>
「Zappa, as I thought something like this isn’t good.」<br/>
「Why are you getting cold feet! This is a chance! Being able to use magic means she is a noble. If you don’t marry and prepare a heir, who knows what’ll happen to this village! Besides, isn’t she cute!? It’s not like you hate her right? Right!?」<br/>
The sudden proposal and then the rude attitude bewildered both Novem and Aria. But, Novem heard Zappa’s statement and realized something.<br/>
「So the peeping tom yesterday was you. That’s not a laudable act.」<br/>
Then Zappa glared at Novem.<br/>
「Wha, what. This is our village. Besides, you are an adventurer, that means you yourself have some kind of circumstance right? If it’s now you can become the legal wife of the Bagan House. That’s far better future prospects compared to staying as a rootless person like an adventurer.」<br/>
Then Aria shook her head.<br/>
「I, I can’t. Besides, I’m someone who was bought.」<br/>
Then, Dale who was staying quiet looked at Aria in surprise.<br/>
「What do you mean by that?」<br/>
Aria looked towards Novem. Novem answered.<br/>
「Because of some circumstances, Aria-san right now is someone who was bought by Lyle-sama. Besides, she is working as our fellow comrade in our adventurer party. There is no way we can accept such proposal.」<br/>
Zappa was about to doggedly argue──however, Dale pushed him aside and spoke strongly at Novem and Aria.<br/>
「That’s wrong! Buying someone like that, I don’t know the circumstance that caused such thing but……your name is Novem-san correct? You are that Lyle-kun’s──」<br/>
「I am his former fiancée. Right now I’m attending at his side.」<br/>
Dale was clearly feeling indignation.<br/>
「He already has such a person at his side and yet he was buying other woman……. Aria-san, if you are fine with me I will help you.」<br/>
Even if he said he wanted to help, from Aria’s view it was a troubling story. They hadn’t told about the bandit group subjugation, how Aria’s father cooperated with that bandit group, and how she was saved by Lyle.<br/>
That was why Dale might be thinking that Lyle was making Aria his using an inhuman method.<br/>
「No, that’s alright. My current situation is──」<br/>
When Aria was about to talk, Paola was running towards the four who were arguing.<br/>
「Dale, Zappa! The three have returned. It looks like we will be able to avoid any fighting from happening!」<br/>
Paola might be feeling relieved form the report of Lyle and the others, because she was making a really nice smile. She must have wanted to report to the two as fast as possible because apparently she had been running around searching for the two.<br/>
But, Paola was surprised seeing Dale’s serious expression.<br/>
「What’s wrong?」<br/>
Zappa shrugged while Dale’s shoulders were shaking.<br/>
「……I’m going to meet Lyle-kun.」<br/>
Saying that Dale walked away from that place. The four were staring at his back each with different feelings.<br/>
.<br/>
『Don’t screw around, this shitty braattttt!!』<br/>
The First raged.<br/>
The location was the open field a slight distance away from the village.<br/>
The ground was slightly gouged. Signs from magic practice could be seen.<br/>
The villagers gathered as curious onlookers. Quite the number of people came to the open space and stared at the two people who were glaring at each other.<br/>
The two people confronting each other at the open field were Aria-san who was holding her spear and──<br/>
「I absolutely won’t forgive you!」<br/>
Sophia-san who was taking a stance with her battle axe──<br/>
「That’s my line!」<br/>
How did it turn out like this? I don’t know the reason. I turned my gaze to Novem who was standing beside me.<br/>
「Novem, what’s going on?」<br/>
Novem was also looking troubled. Zelphy-san who was unable to comprehend the situation was also looking at Novem.<br/>
「I also want to ask that. Why did the lord-sama yell angrily at Lyle when we returned, and then why did it become a duel between Aria and Sophia from there?」<br/>
We who returned to the village told Paola-san that the talk was a success and asked her to call Dale-san. Paola-san was really happy hearing our news and went to search for Dale-san.<br/>
After a while Dale-san came. I remember that for some reason he was really angry and said various complaints to me.<br/>
I remember but, there Sophia-san cut in.<br/>
「Please stop already! Even though we have been working really hard for the sake of this village……Lyle-dono too! I wish that you behave more reliably! What’s with your attitude like that. Please act with more dignity.」<br/>
「Ye, yes.」<br/>
Sophia-san was angry at my indecisive look or perhaps at me looking stumped. Well, certainly I thought that my attitude is no good. But, I was flustered when suddenly getting scolded like this.<br/>
Did I do something bad?<br/>
The problem was after that. Novem and Aria-san who came running cut in between me and Sophia-san.<br/>
Aria-san was angry at Sophia-san who was angry at me. Then Sophia-san talked back to Aria-san and the two heated up further.<br/>
And it resulted in the current scene.<br/>
<br/>
Novem explained the situation to us once more.<br/>
「Actually, Dale-san made a marriage proposal to Aria-san……. That’s, the proposal didn’t come from the mouth of the person himself. But, it’s true that a talk of marriage was brought to us.」<br/>
Zelphy-san nodded.<br/>
「No, I heard that already. The problem is, what brought such talk to happen, and……why is Ojou-sama angry at Sophia?」<br/>
Well, we had heard about that story on the way here. I also heard about the reason of the sharp glare from Dale-san and Zappa-san. It seemed they couldn’t approve that I bought Aria-san even though I had Novem already. They didn’t hear the full story, so it caused the misunderstanding.<br/>
However, the First who heard the story was raging.<br/>
『A shitty brat from this hole in nowhere, wants to help? Don’t screw around! Lyle, punch him! Punch him flying! I’ll allow it! This guy is an enemyyyy!!』<br/>
No, the talk would become complicated if I hit him so spare me.<br/>
Novem explained the situation with a troubled face.<br/>
「Actually, last night I told Aria-san about Lyle-sama. I think Aria-san cannot forgive Sophia-san’s attitude towards Lyle-sama because of that.」<br/>
I turned my gaze towards the two.<br/>
The First spoke with a crying voice.<br/>
『Aria-chan, what a kind girl……』<br/>
But, the Seventh was backing up Sophia-san.<br/>
『However, Lyle who was shrinking back just because someone suddenly yelled at him is also in the wrong. Lyle, no matter what that kind of youngster said to you, you mustn’t get agitated. Some parts of what Sophia said are also correct.』<br/>
Well, it’s the fact that I was cowering back when I suddenly got yelled at. If it was that kind of circumstance then certainly it would be better if I acted boldly.<br/>
The First yelled at the Seventh.<br/>
『You are just getting led astray by the nape that you backed her up anyway! Aria-chan who is worried about Lyle is number one!』<br/>
『What is bad about napes!? Also, have you forgotten about Novem’s devotion?』<br/>
A low level quarrel was starting, so I returned my focus to the two girls.<br/>
The two facing each other were hurling abuse while holding their respective weapons.<br/>
「Be a bit more considerate! You came here to repay your debt, haven’t you!?」<br/>
「It’s exactly because I wish to repay my debt that I gave a warning at what should be warned at!」<br/>
The two finally stepped towards each other and began fighting. Sophia-san swung the heavy battle axe horizontally, but Aria-san easily dodged.<br/>
「You spoke of repaying debt, but you still cannot do anything in reality!」<br/>
Aria-san’s spear thrust consecutively towards Sophia-san. Sophia-san used her battle axe like a shield to endure the attacks.<br/>
Metal clashed with each other and sparks scattered.<br/>
「You too are the same! I’m aware that I’m a burden, but you are also the same!」<br/>
Sophia-san forcefully closed the distance and swung her battle axe with all her might, but Aria-san easily parried the attack and made her stumble.<br/>
「I know that already! But, but……there are better ways for you to speak!」<br/>
The Fifth’s voice came from inside the Jewel.<br/>
『For Lyle’s sake is it? Well, she is a good girl I guess.』<br/>
The First was happy there was someone who agreed with him.<br/>
『Right!? Aria-chan is a good girl.』<br/>
However the Second seemed to be dissatisfied.<br/>
『Then, I wish she won’t cause problems like this. Besides, Sophia’s opinion is correct. Rather, it’s problematic if there is one more person other than Novem-chan who is spoiling Lyle. Someone strict is needed.』<br/>
The Sixth jokingly said,<br/>
『Well, there are already seven strict people here though.』<br/>
Certainly they’re strict. Really strict people. For example, at first they would severely criticize me without any consideration and then made a ruckus which caused my fainting. I really wish they would spare me from such thing.<br/>
Sophia-san stood up and lifted up her battle axe. The battle axe that was a lump of metal was extremely heavy.<br/>
She faced Aria-san with that.<br/>
「……It should be said strongly if thinking about the sake of that person. Besides, I intend to repay back my debt too someday. I don’t want to be told about it by you.」<br/>
Sophia-san stood up covered in mud. Aria-san seemed to be pressured and shut her mouth. But, apparently she had no intention to lower her weapon.<br/>
I unconsciously muttered seeing these two.<br/>
「Err, what should I do in this kind of time……」<br/>
Those words were directed not only to the ancestors inside the Jewel, but also to Novem and Zelphy-san. But, the reaction of the ancestors by turn was──<br/>
『Root for Aria-chan!』<br/>
『It will be awkward if he roots for one side idiot!』<br/>
『Yosh, got it. Hug those two here and make the situation inconclusive.』<br/>
『Are you having fun Third? Lyle, in this case you should persuade both of them.』<br/>
『Explosives are something to be handled before it explodes, after it has exploded I think it’s better to not get near.』<br/>
『I got an idea! Cheer for both of them!』<br/>
『Won’t it be fine if you come between them at suitable timing?』<br/>
It would be over if I cut in between them before it turned dangerous. Certainly that might be so. I looked at the saber on my waist in preparation so I could jump in anytime.<br/>
Then Zelphy-san placed her hand on my shoulder.<br/>
「Let them do this. It seems Ojou-sama is harboring a bit of irritation at Sophia. It’s important to let them throw their dissatisfaction at each other.」<br/>
Novem asked Zelphy-san.<br/>
「Is that how it is? But as expected isn’t this dangerous?」<br/>
The two in front of us were swinging weapons at each other and literally scattered sparks everywhere. Aria-san pointed her left hand forward and yelled.<br/>
「Fire Bullet!」<br/>
A small fire ball was fired from Aria-san’s left hand, but Sophia-san swept it away with her battle axe.<br/>
「Only this much!」<br/>
However, Aria-san took advantage of the opening from the swing and stepped closer. The two clashed with the handle of their spear and battle axe pushing at each other. And then they were glaring toward each other from a really close distance.<br/>
Sophia-san was slightly irritated.<br/>
「Even I……know that I’m not useful! That’s why I want to become of use for Lyle-dono even if only a little!」<br/>
Then Sophia-san’s atmosphere suddenly changed at that timing.<br/>
The First noticed something and showed interest in Sophia-san.<br/>
『Hee, that girly, not bad.』<br/>
The Second also agreed.<br/>
『Yeah, you’re right. Lyle, watch carefully. You can only rarely witness this after all……she is manifesting her Art.』<br/>
Right after that, the battle axe that was swung around heavily until now was lifted up by Sophia-san lightly with one hand.<br/>
Aria-san was blown away and she looked at Sophia-san in surprise. She fixed her stance and stared at Sophia-san.<br/>
Sophia-san was also looking at her right hand that was holding the battle axe in surprise. The battle axe that she wielded with both hands until now was lifted with one hand.<br/>
Furthermore, it was done lightly.<br/>
Zelphy-san whistled. And then she spoke in delight.<br/>
「The match is decided I guess. I never thought she would manifest an Art. Is it a strengthening type? But, with this Sophia has become drastically stronger.」<br/>
However, Novem immediately replied.<br/>
「No, it seems it’s not a strengthening type.」<br/>
It didn’t look like her physical strength was strengthened. The Third agreed with Novem’s opinion.<br/>
『Looks like it. If I have to say which it is……it looks like the battle axe is the one that became lighter. That’s an interesting Art.』<br/>
It’s just as the Third said. There was no change in Sophia-san.<br/>
She swung around her battle axe to ascertain the sensation, then Sophia-san took a stance and charged at Aria-san. Unlike before, her movement was sharp and faster due to the lighter weight.<br/>
「With this!」<br/>
This time Aria-san was pushed into defending. She could only dodge the battle axe and was troubled with her inability to approach closer.<br/>
Zelphy-san shrugged.<br/>
「The match is decided. Lyle, let’s go and stop them.」<br/>
I nodded and moved to enter between them, but Novem caught my sleeve and stopped me. Novem’s eyes were staring straight at Aria-san.<br/>
「Not yet.」<br/>
「Eh?」<br/>
Then the First yelled.<br/>
『It’s here! It’s here, it’s here! It’s right hereee!!』<br/>
The excited voice of the First made me thought that something happened to Aria-san and turned towards her. The red Gem hanging on Aria-san’s neck shined, and then Aria-san’s body also shined──with red, faint light.<br/>
The Sixth groaned.<br/>
『This match’s outcome become unsure with this. Now then, the problem is how you’ll stop them, but……』<br/>
The figure of Aria-san kicking on the ground looked like she instantly vanished. But, that wasn’t the case. She was moving with a speed that she had never shown before.<br/>
When Sophia-san took a defensive stance with her battle axe, sparks flew and Aria-san’s figure came into view.<br/>
「I won’t lose only against you!」<br/>
The Art of Aria-san who was moving quickly……surely it was an Art that belonged only to Aria-san that wasn’t recorded inside the red Gem.<br/>
The two were fighting even more fiercely than before and sparks scattered around intensely. Aria-san moved around while attacking. On the other hand Sophia-san was swinging around her battle axe defensively.<br/>
While such fighting was continuing, the Third sighed.<br/>
『Hm, this is as far as they go. Lyle, let’s stop them. Try using an Art at the timing when the two separate. Use the Second’s Art and the First’s Art at them.』<br/>
I thought that the two would be strengthened and it would be disastrous if I did that, but the Second also agreed. The other ancestors also didn’t oppose it. I see, this is the same like when using the Fourth’s Art.<br/>
『Aah, there is that method huh.』<br/>
But, it was only the First who didn’t understand.<br/>
『Oi, what’s going to happen by doing that?』<br/>
I measured the timing for using the Arts. The two took distance from each other after a conspicuously large spark scattered around. No, it was Aria-san who was taking a large distance.<br/>
They were both running out of breath and dripping with sweat.<br/>
『Lyle, now. Also, look carefully……. What will happen if an Art is suddenly used on other people.』<br/>
I used the Arts at the Third’s signal, strengthening the two.<br/>
Then──<br/>
「With this it’s o──ver-!?」<br/>
「Even──I!?」<br/>
When the two who were going to jump at each other kicked on the ground, the next moment, they stumbled grandly. Aria-san pitched forward and slid. Sophai-san stumbled face up. The two stumbled simultaneously as though they had set it up beforehand.<br/>
The surroundings felt that it was somewhat sloppy with the way the intense battle ended stupidly. Sighing voices and jeering flew at the two.<br/>
The Third laughed.<br/>
『Ahahaha, that’s funny right? It’s different from their own senses, so they will stumble no matter what and fail. Some practice is necessary when Art is used on others.』<br/>
The Second warned the laughing Third.<br/>
『Idiot, anyone will be flustered when their strength suddenly increases. That will be even more so when the influence came from another person. Well, that’s how it is. Lyle, do you understand?』<br/>
I was able to understand, but would I get scolded when they realized that it was me who caused this? More importantly, I have to help the two who fell down.<br/>
「Zelphy-san, let’s go help them. Also Novem……prepare hot water and anything necessary to treat wounds.」<br/>
「Yes, Lyle-sama.」<br/>
Novem smiled.<br/>
Zelphy-san seemed to be questioning the strange way the battle ended.<br/>
「Lyle, you did something just now.」<br/>
I who was being doubted tried to explain, but I gave up and moved towards the two.<br/>
.<br/>
We returned to the cramped hut where we were staying.<br/>
Novem used magic to give medical treatment to the two, then she prepared hot water and wiped off the dirt on them. It was no good if a man like me was present for such thing, so I was outside the hut sitting on a wooden box.<br/>
When I looked up it was sunset. I didn’t get tired looking at it.<br/>
While I was staring at that sight in a daze, Zelphy-san came out.<br/>
「How are the two?」<br/>
「After the treatment and cleaning their bodies were finished, they ate dinner and then fell asleep. It looks like they really forced themselves, it might be hard for them tomorrow with their bodies feeling the pain. Perhaps they might go through “Growth”, so perhaps we will have to lock them up tomorrow.」<br/>
「Lock them up?」<br/>
I couldn’t understand about locking people up due to Growth. Then Zelphy-san looked at me and tilted her head.<br/>
「Well of course. It’s dangerous after all when they are feeling uplifted. They shouldn’t be allowed to go outside as much as possible. Well, there are also cases where it can’t be done though.」<br/>
I became curious about just what occurs due to “Growth” that it was necessary to go that far. According to the ancestors, the person would be in a high spirit and would commit things that they normally wouldn’t do.<br/>
Zelphy-san laughed.<br/>
「There are also differences between people in this kind of thing after all. How was it for you when it happened to you?」<br/>
「N, no, I──」<br/>
「Don’t hide it. Or perhaps, did you make embarrassing failures?」<br/>
While we are conversing like that, Paola-san came to the hut. She looked really apologetic.<br/>
Zelphy-san folded her arms and welcomed her with a hard expression.<br/>
「E, excuse me, I’m really sorry for what happened today!」<br/>
Paola-san deeply bowed. Zelphy-san complained to her.<br/>
「It’s not our business who your associate is proposing to, but doing that to our party member even after knowing the state of their relationship is problematic. People have some parts that they don’t want others to touch. Just explain about this kinda thing to that boy properly.」<br/>
Paola-san’s eyes were teary.<br/>
After all the feudal lord made a marriage proposal to my comrade when we came to secure this village’s safety. Furthermore, he did that towards Aria-san who was in the position as someone bought by me.<br/>
「I’m sorry. Truly I’m very sorry!」<br/>
I thought that she had it hard even though she was still young so I was going to forgive her already, but the Second stopped me.<br/>
『Lyle, don’t forgive this matter. The person himself should be the one coming to apologize to you for this kind of matter. You did your job. And yet that youngster……』<br/>
For the ancestors, most people were youngsters compared to them. Their appearances inside the Jewel was youthful like in their golden days, but in reality their age wasn’t young.<br/>
No, was the Third who died in battle young because he died at the same age as his appearance?<br/>
The First was enraged.<br/>
『Punch his face at least once! Only then can you forgive him!』<br/>
I’m the one punching? Honestly I’m reluctant to do that. I want to finish the job without anything happening and then go home.<br/>
I looked at Paola-san in front of me.<br/>
「Say, what about the person himself?」<br/>
Paola-san became even more teary.<br/>
「Tha, that……please listen without getting angry.」<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 