<br/>
Chapter 21 – The Bagan House and The Maini House<br/>
<br/>
On the same day of our arrival, I invited Paola-san to listen to her story.<br/>
When I called out to her, she came to the hut where we were staying by her own initiative.<br/>
There we listened to the circumstance but…….<br/>
「Err, that person called Zappa, and another person called Pini discovered a corpse inside the forest. The corpse had been stripped from its equipment, so that person was killed from a crime of robbery then?」<br/>
Paola-san nodded.<br/>
「Yes. But, we didn’t know the identity of the corpse. But, an envoy from the territory next to us immediately came……」<br/>
From what I heard, the other territory felt suspicious. How were they able to send an envoy right away after the corpse was discovered?<br/>
In addition,<br/>
「After that, the lord of the village next to us suspected us that we might be the culprits who killed the victim. They claimed that the person who died wasn’t someone who would do something like crossing territories without reason. Besides, they are suspecting us right from the start and won’t listen to us. Actually we wanted to request for mediation, but in that case it will be necessary for us to pay the expenses to our caregiver……」<br/>
It was also shocking that the other village was suspecting this side.<br/>
They would suspect right away without even investigating?<br/>
Aria-san stood up hearing that.<br/>
「Tha, that’s strange! Even their timing was too good, and most of all they are suspecting only based on a reason that the person who died wouldn’t do something like that……this, the other side is absolutely scheming something!」<br/>
But, the one who objected to Aria-san was also my fellow party member Sophia-san.<br/>
「I cannot ignore what you’re saying. The head of the Maini House is a splendid person. He also has no reason to scheme like that. Could it be, the truth is that someone of this village is related to the death?」<br/>
Paola-san stared down quietly.<br/>
Like that Aria-san and Sophia-san glared at each other. While that was happening the First and the Second were also glaring at each other inside the Jewel.<br/>
『You said that Aria-chan is stupid? You, looks like you really want to make me angry huh.』<br/>
『She is wrong because she implicitly believes that story just from listening to one side’s story. This type of person will cause various problems. She is the epitome of a person stirring up a situation with her nosiness.』<br/>
The First who was in Aria-san’s camp and the Second who was habitually opposing the First. Because of his hatred 0f the First, the way the Second looked at Aria-san also became stricter.<br/>
Novem consoled Paola-san. And then, she asked her to continue.<br/>
「Is there anything else that you noticed?」<br/>
Paola-san continued with a subdued tone.<br/>
「Honestly, the atmosphere of this village isn’t good. My father who acted as the peacemaker died in war, the Lord also changed……at first everyone was happy. It’s disrespectful but, everyone thought that if Dale-sama becomes the Lord, then their opinion will be listened to. But……recently it feels like there is something that is worse than before. This time too……there are voices, saying that Dale cannot be relied on.」<br/>
The Third yawned.<br/>
『That’s too abstract. Are they perhaps thinking that everything bad is the feudal lord’s responsibility? Well, their disappointment is big exactly because they placed such big expectations.』<br/>
These people, even though they themselves were also feudal lords…….<br/>
When I touched the Jewel, the Third spoke with a reluctant tone.<br/>
『What? You want to solve this? You’re going to poke your nose into this kind of problem of unrelated strangers? It’s bothersome so you better not. Besides, this is between long time neighbors, they must have various things piled up high between them. It’s troublesome.』<br/>
When I thought that these guys are useless, the Third spoke in exasperation.<br/>
『Besides you know, Lyle……there is no guarantee at all that these kids are saying the truth.』<br/>
.<br/>
The next day.<br/>
We came to the lord’s mansion in order to plan.<br/>
It was called a mansion but……yeah, I understand that I mustn’t compare it to the Walt House’s residence.<br/>
But, the problem wasn’t the mansion. The contents of the plan was too terrible.<br/>
Zelphy-san was talking with Dale-san and Zappa-san who claimed that he was the representative of the village’s vigilante corps, but her face was gradually getting stiff.<br/>
「In other words, what……you thought of calling the Baron but, you didn’t think of anything about the matter after that?」<br/>
Dale-san made his excuse.<br/>
「No, I thought that if we have soldiers come here, the other side too won’t dare to coerce us, besides perhaps they would listen to what we have to say then.」<br/>
Certainly the protection of the village would become easier if soldiers came as reinforcement. The other side also wouldn’t come attacking recklessly……it seemed he had such thinking.<br/>
However, the First was irritated.<br/>
『Don’t screw around! Listen, you’ve gotta protect your own territory with your own strength! Show some damn spirit!』<br/>
The Second was also speaking agitatedly.<br/>
『Idiot! There is no way a village this small can have a go with the neighboring territory! Even if they gather some men they will only have around ten until twenty! What are you telling them to do with that. They’re correct to ask for help!』<br/>
The Third was laughing loudly.<br/>
『Why are you two talking with the assumption there will be a fight? That’s too hot-blooded. Or rather……if this side called soldiers to come here then the other side also won’t be able to stay quiet, won’t that be bad?』<br/>
Zelphy-san made a troubled face. But, she then looked at me and shrugged.<br/>
「How do you plan to let the other side know that this side has more manpower coming? Besides, do you have a way to contact the other side?」<br/>
It seemed Dale-san hadn’t thought that far.<br/>
「No, I thought they will understand the next time they come──」<br/>
「Haahn? What are you planning to do if a skirmish broke out then huh!?」<br/>
Zappa-san was looking at us. He was folding his arms and acting haughtily. I heard that he was the leader of the vigilante corps here but, honestly speaking he didn’t look that strong.<br/>
「It’s the job of you guys to fight right?」<br/>
Zelphy-san scratched her hair.<br/>
「We will contact the other side. It will be bothersome if they thought we are preparing to fight after all. Is that fine with you my lord?」<br/>
Dale-san observed Zappa-san’s mood. When Zappa-san nodded, Dale-san also nodded.<br/>
Seeing such exchange, a sound of clicking tongues came from the Jewel. I don’t know who it was, but the Fifth spoke representing everyone’s opinion.<br/>
『……What an unreliable feudal lord.』<br/>
Zelphy-san talked to me.<br/>
「Lyle, we are going to the other territory so come with me. Also, we are bringing Sophia missy with us. If she is acquainted with the people there then we also won’t get attacked right away without question.」<br/>
Certainly that’s true.<br/>
If Sophia-san is with us, we might be able to get a chance to talk at least.<br/>
We left Novem and Aria-san behind and headed to the neighboring territory.<br/>
.<br/>
──Aria was staying behind in the village together with Novem.<br/>
The two headed to an open space a slight distance away from the village. There Novem started to instruct Aria in magic. Nearby there was the wagon and the horse that was tied to a tree while eating grass. A tranquil scenery spread out.<br/>
Aria readied her hand and then she pointed at a target that was placed above a tree stump and fired her magic.<br/>
「Stone Bullet!」<br/>
A rock flying out from the ground flew in an arc. It kept moving and passed the target before falling on the ground. It didn’t have any strength or even accuracy to it.<br/>
Aria’s shoulders dropped seeing that.<br/>
「As I thought it’s impossible……I’m not good with magic, and even bullet type magic ends up like this.」<br/>
Novem smiled. In fact, Aria’s magic skill was terrible, even at bullet type magic, where it only involved shooting out the magic. She was only able to handle fire element somewhat well. But, those were activated even while the person herself felt that she wasn’t any good at it. It wasn’t the case that she didn’t have any talent. After this, the person only had to conquer her own mind that believed that she wasn’t any good at it.<br/>
「It’s alright Aria-san. The magic was activated so if you patiently practice you will be able to become skilled quickly. Fortunately, there is no problem with your lineage so the rest only depends on Aria-san yourself.」<br/>
Novem mentioned that there was no problem with Aria’s lineage was because in order to handle magic, it was the lineage that was the most important compared to effort or talent.<br/>
The magicians of the past introduced themselves as nobles.<br/>
The blood of magicians, or nobles in this case. Magic wouldn’t even activate without inheriting that.<br/>
「Well, although my house fell into ruin it was still a Baron house. But, if I have to say then I’m better with a spear though?」<br/>
Novem looked at the spear that was stabbed into the ground and made a troubled expression.<br/>
「But, if you are able to do this then your options will increase……. As I thought, you are an adventurer, so it’s also important to increase what you can do.」<br/>
Aria looked at Novem.<br/>
The silver staff was called a magic tool that had several Arts carved into it, it was a really expensive item. One person could only manifest one Art. There were stages to it which were the second and third stages, but fundamentally it was only one Art.<br/>
The attempt of reproducing that using a tool resulted in magic tools.<br/>
Aria looked at the red Gem hanging on her neck.<br/>
「Novem is a magician so it’s fine but, no matter how you look at it, I’m a Vanguard.」<br/>
A red Gem would record offensive Arts that was called Vanguard type. Lyle’s blue Jewel was a Support type. And then, the other one, the yellow Gem──it was called Rearguard type, a Gem that memorized unique magic.<br/>
Gem and magic tools had bad compatibility. It was impossible to use both at the same time.<br/>
Novem explained to Aria.<br/>
「Certainly that might be the case. But, nothing bad will come from you being able to use magic, so let’s work hard to learn it. Look, it will be convenient to be able to light a fire or prepare water while traveling.」<br/>
Aria looked at Novem with astonishment.<br/>
「Isn’t that just you wanting to make me do the chores?」<br/>
Novem laughed and denied it.<br/>
However, Novem was suddenly taken aback and turned her gaze to a nearby bush. Aria was puzzled.<br/>
「What’s wrong?」<br/>
「……No, it seems there was a mouse.」<br/>
Novem said that and smiled at Aria. She then resumed the coaching──<br/>
.<br/>
After crossing a river from the village of the Bagan House, there was a village around there.<br/>
There was a forest between both houses, inside the forest there was a river flowing.<br/>
It would take a number of days to go around the forest. Because of that, I led at the front while using Arts to traverse through the forest. I checked the surrounding’s map using the Fifth’s Art, Map, and detected the surrounding enemies with the Sixth’s Art, Search──<br/>
We traveled with increased speed using the Fourth’s Speed. We were able to pass through the forest quicker than expected.<br/>
Zelphy-san noticed that I had multiple Arts and looked at me before speaking in astonishment.<br/>
「Good grief, you said that we will pass through the forest so I wondered whether you are an idiot but, certainly it’s fast if it’s like this. It will take more than a day if we circle around after all. ……But, as expected it’s hard when you aren’t used to it.」<br/>
However, the three of us were covered in mud. Also, it was alright for me who used the Arts, but the other two could be seen acting bewildered when they had the Art suddenly used on them. They had practiced slightly before entering the forest but, even so they were still bewildered.<br/>
「No matter how it feels……it doesn’t change the fact that it’s fast.」<br/>
The Fourth said.<br/>
『Even like this my Art can still be considered a better one though.』<br/>
We were walking in order to pass through the forest, but Sophia-san ended up looking the most terrible.<br/>
Her robe was caught in a branch, and she tumbled down several times.<br/>
The battle axe on her back also got stuck by trees several times. Normally she was a serious and diligent person, and yet she only looked like a disappointing person inside the forest.<br/>
Perhaps she was aware of that herself. Her face was bright red.<br/>
「Sophia-san, are you alright?」<br/>
When I addressed her, Sophia-san tightened her expression with leaves and branches stuck in her hair. But, her face was still red.<br/>
「I’m fine. For a daughter of the Rowley House, just this much is nothing at all!」<br/>
「I, is that so.」<br/>
Even I was tired from walking inside an unfamiliar forest. Tree roots jutted out from the ground, and depending on the place the ground would be muddy and slippery.<br/>
It was the Second who told me to advance through such place.<br/>
『I thought that you won’t be used to it but, to think that you’re this terrible. It’s worrying. Lyle, go through the forest too on the way back. This is also a part of training.』<br/>
Thanks to the Second teaching me the way to walk, I ended up not losing face.<br/>
However, I didn’t expect it would be that hard to walk inside the forest. If a fight occurred in that kind of place, it might be dangerous.<br/>
After we came out of the forest, Zelphy-san pointed at a village that was visible from afar and said.<br/>
「So that’s the village governed by the Maini House. Sophia, you are acquainted with them, so put your appearance in order. First let’s take off the leaves stuck in your hair.」<br/>
Sophia-san touched her hair in panic.<br/>
Her panicked figure with red face was interesting with how different it was from her usual serious appearance.<br/>
While Zelphy-san was helping her, I murmured.<br/>
「Even so, the Arts of the ancestors are really convenient.」<br/>
Although, it was hard to use them in my base state. I used the Art of the First, Full Over, to raise my ability on the whole to be able to use the other Arts.<br/>
My mana wouldn’t hold, so I could only use the Arts intermittently. But, even then we were able to arrive at the destination faster than expected.<br/>
The Fourth explained proudly.<br/>
『Well, Support type Arts are good at this kind of thing. It doesn’t stand out, but I believe that its performance is extraordinary. Especially the Arts of the Fifth and the Sixth, you can call them unfair.』<br/>
The Fifth spoke shortly.<br/>
『Unfair? That’s fine. It’s a compliment.』<br/>
Unfair is a compliment……I couldn’t understand the minds of the ancestors. But, certainly, useful Arts that could grasp the surrounding geography and even detect the location of allies and enemies could be called as unfair.<br/>
With my inability to use them continuously I was unable to use the Arts recorded in the Jewel masterfully.<br/>
Furthermore, I was also unable to use the Art of the Third and the Seventh.<br/>
The First’s Art was simple strengthening, an Art that increased the user’s ability.<br/>
The Second’s Art was an Art that made other people able to use the user’s Arts. However, in order to do that the Art had the side effect of making the user able to accurately grasp the positions of other people relative to the user. It was an amazing Art.<br/>
I heard that the Third’s Art affected the mind, but I couldn’t handle it.<br/>
The Fourth’s Art increased moving speed. It didn’t increase speed momentarily or explosively, it was a type that maintained the speed increase for a period of time.<br/>
The Fifth’s Art was the understanding of the surrounding terrain.<br/>
The Sixth’s was an enemy search.<br/>
I heard that the Seventh had a space type Art.<br/>
It was a gathering of Arts with really abundant variety that could be relied on.<br/>
「Even though this thing will be the best if it’s not noisy like this.」<br/>
The First complained after my muttering.<br/>
『Exactly, these guys’ noisiness is really annoying.』<br/>
The Second scoffed.<br/>
『What is the most noisy guy saying?』<br/>
I could hear the usual exchange inside the Jewel. Thanks to that my mana was decreasing. I don’t think I can use Arts anymore today.<br/>
I saw that the two had finished preparing and we started walking towards the village.<br/>
.<br/>
We used Sophia-san’s name and we were guided to the mansion of the Maini House.<br/>
The scale of the village was easily five times larger than the village of the Bagan House. It was a village that was a gathering of multiple settlements and the mansion was also splendid.<br/>
Unlike the Bagan House that was tardy in some aspects, the Maini House was proper. No, it was a village that felt strict. When the villagers realized that we are the feudal lord’s visitor, they gave us a path and lowered their head politely but──they seemed scared somehow. We were guided until the mansion as though that attitude was only obvious.<br/>
At the mansion, water was prepared for us who were in a dirty state. We cleaned off the dirt and then entered into the mansion where the head of the Maini House, Medard Maini met us.<br/>
Everything with him was like the opposite compared to Dale-san. He had normal height and a plump body, but he was wearing a suit with a proper appearance. His grey hair was curled at the end and a moustache also grew on his face. He was a man in his thirties.<br/>
Also, his eye expression was a bit bad. From a glance he looked like a villain that came out in a story. I would be convinced if this person came out as a corrupt feudal lord character.<br/>
Sophia-san greeted that Maini-san with a smile.<br/>
「Medard-sama, long time no see.」<br/>
Medard-san made a slightly sad expression. He must have known about Sophia-san’s circumstances.<br/>
「I’m relieved to see you alright, miss Sophia. However, as a fellow vassal knight I don’t know what to say about what happened to the Rowley House……」<br/>
Sophia-san slightly looked down.<br/>
「No, it’s a fact that we weren’t able to protect the land granted to us. Besides, the Rowley House also has uncle, it hasn’t ceased existing.」<br/>
Sophia-san’s uncle was serving the caregiver of this region. That’s why, the house wasn’t extinct. But, it was only the main house──the head house of the Rowley Family that was extinct.<br/>
The reason was because a bandit group rampaged in the area and ransacked their village, then the head of the house along with his family were killed. Normally there should be talk about Sophia-san taking a husband to continue the house. However, with the fact of the house’s inability to protect their territory, the land granted to the house was confiscated.<br/>
It seemed Sophia-san too had walked a harsh life.<br/>
「Indeed. Also, about the business of your visit here today……」<br/>
Medard-san looked at me and made a difficult expression. And then, he straightened his back once more and his expression turned serious.<br/>
「A letter from my master, the feudal lord has come. It told me to be considerate to Lyle-dono. The names of several other nobles were also written there. Looks like they are really indebted to you.」<br/>
The Third seemed to have fun.<br/>
『It might be the effect of us giving back the recovered loot to them for free. Haha~, it’s important to do good deeds, isn’t it?』<br/>
There was no persuasiveness in those words even if the Third said that.<br/>
After defeating the bandit group, I had the right to their property. Due to me returning them for free, Sophia-san came to me in order to pay back that debt. And then, it also become a factor that secured my safety this time.<br/>
The Seventh also sounded satisfied.<br/>
『That Ventra, looks like he was making necessary arrangements properly. Well, if he didn’t then……』<br/>
I was curious about the latter half but, I also thought that I didn’t want to hear it. Because of the ancestors positions as feudal lords, they often said extreme statements a lot.<br/>
I looked at Medard-san while smiling awkwardly.<br/>
「No, what I did was only driving out the bandits.」<br/>
However, Medard-san seemed to have guessed the situation.<br/>
「Viscount-sama won’t do this much if that was all that you did. As a vassal, I have the duty to listen to Viscount-sama’s command. Besides, it seems the Baron on your side also doesn’t want to stir up trouble.」<br/>
Apparently the caregiver of this region was a Viscount.<br/>
I was thinking such thing while feeling admiration that everything moved just like the ancestors said.<br/>
I didn’t look perturbed, so Medard-san seemed to be amused.<br/>
「Have you heard about this already?」<br/>
「No, I only had conjecture before.」<br/>
Zelphy-san looked relieved. Sophia-san seemed to be unable to follow the conversation. She was looking alternately between the faces of me and Medard-san.<br/>
Medard-san explained to Sophia-san.<br/>
「Aa~, in other words, our side won’t make any move. It’s not amusing though.」<br/>
Medard-san was in a position where his retainer was killed, but he was unable to do anything towards the Bagan House that he thought as suspicious. Surely it wasn’t amusing for him. But, the caregivers of both sides showed the stance of not desiring any quarrel, and a backing which was me who they were indebted to also appeared. And so Medard-san couldn’t make any action.<br/>
The Third declared.<br/>
『Well, everything was already resolved by the time Lyle was dispatched here. And they all live happily ever after! Like that.』<br/>
……I don’t think that anything has been resolved though?<br/>
Then, Sophia-san asked Medard-san.<br/>
「Pardon me, Medard-sama, just what is going on in the case this time? The other side said that they are being falsely accused one-sidedly though?」<br/>
Medard-san’s expression turned grim.<br/>
「One sided they said! Those guys, they are still saying that!」<br/>
Saying that Medard-san took out a letter from his pocket. The writing on it wasn’t pretty, but from looking at it, it could be seen that it was written courteously.<br/>
The letter that was shown to us told that the corpse of a retainer of the Maini House was at the Bagan House.<br/>
Zelphy-san looked at the letter and then she turned her gaze to Medard-san.<br/>
「Just what does this……」<br/>
「When we were preparing to search for my retainer who went missing, this letter arrived at the village. I don’t know who sent this but, I immediately sent an envoy. And then what did I find? My retainer’s corpse was really in the Bagan House.」<br/>
Zelphy-san scratched her cheek.<br/>
「Ee~, the excuse of the other side is that this side immediately appeared right after they found the corpse.」<br/>
Medard-san’s atmosphere changed.<br/>
「The retainer who died was a diligent guy. He was a hard worker, and he was also a brave warrior on the battlefield. I saw his corpse, he got a terrible wound on his body. Certainly he might have been killed by a monster. But, would a monster steal a human’s weapon?」<br/>
Zelphy-san answered 「I never heard about such a thing」. I interjected into the conversation.<br/>
「Say, don’t you think that the equipment might have been taken off after that? And then perhaps the corpse was found later……」<br/>
Medard-san said.<br/>
「That forest isn’t suited for bandits to hide. The area around here is also the same. The Baron is frequently dispatching soldiers to subjugate monsters and bandits in the neighboring areas. Perhaps those guys at the Bagan House don’t think anything about it but, the Baron is being considerate of them and sends soldiers even until their area.」<br/>
The Second’s evaluation for the Bagan House was gradually lowering.<br/>
『What, so those guys are always receiving such favor? In that case then the story is slightly different though……』<br/>
Zelphy-san made a face that recalled something.<br/>
「Now that you said it, soldiers were dispatched until around this area wasn’t it?」<br/>
Medard-san nodded.<br/>
「The soldiers came to my place and explained the situation courteously. They didn’t stop by at that village was also so they didn’t become a burden. The Baron has gone that far, are you still saying that there might be a bandit around here? Of course I cannot deny the possibility of bandits stopping by here at a good timing. But, those guys……the people of the Bagan House cannot be trusted. It’s possible they discovered the corpse in this territory and then brought it to their own village. The retainer who died, it’s hard to believe that he would do something like crossing territories.」<br/>
In other words, he wanted to say that it was hard to believe the retainer died in the Bagan House’s territory.<br/>
「But, intentionally carrying a corpse like that……」<br/>
Is there any meaning in moving a corpse like that? The Second explained the situation to me.<br/>
『Lyle, it’s a complex matter when it come to crossing territories. Listen, for a feudal lord, everything in his territory is his property. Even magic stones and materials from monsters are included in that. If the corpse of the retainer was discovered outside his own territory, it would be the Maini House that got blamed. After all it will become a reason to question about the illegal trespassing and what could he be doing there.』<br/>
The First muttered in annoyance.<br/>
『That’s annoyingly complicated. Just make them send representatives to duke it out. It will get resolved with that.』<br/>
I think absolutely nothing will be resolved like that.<br/>
Sophia-san asked Medard-san.<br/>
「By cannot be trusted you mean?」<br/>
Medard-san was irritated from remembering it.<br/>
「Although it’s not to the degree of a skirmish, there were many quarrels between thr Bagan House and the Maini House since some generations ago. Disputes regarding the right to use the forest or the river’s water. There won’t be any end if you count it. But, that’s alright. The problem is the previous generation’s.」<br/>
Medard-san said that the previous head of the Bagan House approached them to build a friendly relationship between both houses. He expanded his association with the surrounding feudal lords, and then he brought a proposal of setting a highway that crossed over the forest.<br/>
「The forest located between both houses also served as a kind of dividing wall. But, it’s easy for monster to settle there and cause great damage. If the forest is cleared up then the usable land will increase. That was why, the other side approached us with the proposal of cooperating with each other. But!」<br/>
It would be difficult with only the two houses to maintain the highway and cleared up the forest, so apparently the previous head requested Medard-san to raise funds.<br/>
With that, the effort to lay the groundwork with both houses’ caregivers and surrounding lords started but…….<br/>
「In the end, you can understand when you see that the forest is still in the same condition right? The plan hasn’t progressed in the slightest. Those guys of the Bagan House, their aim was only to make us supply them money. Thanks to that my position also worsened due to the failed talk with other houses.」<br/>
The Fourth spoke in exasperation.<br/>
『That’s, the other side really have done it huh.』<br/>
Zelphy-san talked apologetically.<br/>
「That, the head of the Bagan House has changed, so perhaps the next head didn’t really know about the circumstances……」<br/>
「That’s it! I know that! But, the youngster who succeeded the position doesn’t come to say anything. He also never gave any greeting to his neighbors! Even more terrible than that is those guys of the Bagan House……bringing the current head, his eldest son, and the higher-up to a war? Don’t screw around!」<br/>
Those were people who were irreplaceable for a village. Those leaders of the village were taken to participate in the war, and then the current head, his eldest son, and the higher-up too, died in battle. Certainly, hearing that made me want to question just what in the world were they thinking.<br/>
There was an important plan. But the reason it met setbacks lay with the Bagan House. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to state it as such.<br/>
It seemed the Third felt that the actions of the Bagan House were strange.<br/>
『It can’t be helped even if it was said they intended to destroy themselves in a sense. Looking at how the higher-up’s daughter is acting as proxy, it looks like they didn’t even prepare their successor.』<br/>
The Sixth was also exasperated.<br/>
『That’s just not done. I can agree even if the head of the Maini House is thinking that they are making fun of him. It only looks like they are destroying themselves.』<br/>
Sophia-san was sympathizing with Medard-san.<br/>
「Medard-sama, now that you mentioned it when you were going around three years ago…..」<br/>
「I was apologizing to the lords I was soliciting for cooperation from. I thought that youngster must have it hard because he had just taken over, so I took care of everything. And yet, that youngster……」<br/>
Apparently Dale-san refused to do such courtesy calls that included apologizing. It was surprising that he did such thing despite his serious appearance.<br/>
Sophia-san looked down while opening her mouth.<br/>
「As I thought, it was the Bagan House that was in the wrong.」<br/>
Zelphy-san was also making a troubled face.<br/>
「I understand your feelings but, I want you to not cause anything when we return back.」<br/>
Medard-san was also of the same opinion.<br/>
「That will be better. Although, our side cannot withdraw that easily.」<br/>
The Third was laughing. What was so funny?<br/>
『Ahahaha, how should I say it, that’s really tardy. Oops, Lyle is making a face that isn’t comprehending.』<br/>
Certainly I couldn’t understand. The problem this time and the circumstances surrounding it were difficult for me.<br/>
The Second sighed.<br/>
『No, that’s fine, Lyle. Something like this is complicated. For now, if I have to sum up only the gist of it……aa, show your face here today. Anyway, we’ll explain so that you understand.』<br/>
Wasn’t I just here as a backing? In front of this complicated problem, I decided to ask the ancestors what I should do after this.<br/>
.<br/>
Night.<br/>
We ended up sleeping in the mansion of the Maini House.<br/>
I lay down in the guest room and sent my consciousness into the Jewel. The ancestors who were waiting for me there were planning to explain to me the case this time, but…….<br/>
「Honestly, it’s puzzling.」<br/>
The Second nodded.<br/>
『That’s how it is. Anyway, let’s sum up only the gist of it.』<br/>
Like that the explanation began──<br/>
『Both houses are in discord with each other due to troubles that happened at their borders.』<br/>
『A retainer of the Maini House was murdered, his equipment was taken off and his corpse was discovered in the Bagan House’s territory.』<br/>
『Incidentally a letter arrived at the Maini House around this time. When they tried looking, they discovered their dead retainer.』<br/>
『The Maini House suspected the Bagan House.』<br/>
『The Bagan House claimed that they were innocent.』<br/>
『A tense situation continued on both sides.』<br/>
──I understand the flow of event. But, there are also many parts I don’t understand.<br/>
「The corpse being stripped of its equipment isn’t a problem then.」<br/>
The Third touched his front hair while explaining to me.<br/>
『There is problem personally I guess? But, what is important is in which territory he died. The dead retainer was a serious person who didn’t seem like he would trespass onto another territory. That was what we were told, but it’s unknown what that person could be doing behind the scenes. But, it’s suspicious how the letter could arrive at that amazing timing. Who could it be?』<br/>
The First was at his wits’ end.<br/>
『An envoy arrived right after the corpse was found so……before that a letter arrived, is that right? Who the hell sent the letter!?』<br/>
The Second pressed his forehead.<br/>
『We won’t be this perplexed if we know. The letter was also only left behind at a conspicuous place in the village.』<br/>
I pondered.<br/>
The Third explained to me the parts that I didn’t seem to understand.<br/>
『Lyle, everything in a territory belongs to the feudal lord. The same apply to monsters, so naturally the feudal lord also has the right to the magic stones and materials. If someone enters as they please, defeat monsters, and take away the material, the feudal lord will get angry.』<br/>
「Say, I am working as an adventurer at Dalien, is that not a problem?」<br/>
『In regards to that Ventra-kun gave his permission through the guild, and there was also tax for magic stones right? That’s the way in Dalien. But, that’s only in Dalien and its surroundings. It would be different in other places so be careful.』<br/>
I was taken aback with realization.<br/>
「Then, if we defeated monsters while traveling, we have obligation to report──」<br/>
The Second shook his head.<br/>
『Lyle……don’t worry until that far. You have no choice but to fight if you are attacked, and if you defeat the monster you will sell it at your place of destination. There will be no end to it if you report every single thing. Or rather, it’s troubling even if you report it. It’s fine if you stay quiet about it. But, it’s a different story if you are trying to earn money there.』<br/>
In the case this time, that dead retainer of the Maini House died outside the territory.<br/>
Normally, Medard-san of the Maini House would be in the position that had to apologize.<br/>
But, he was doubting the situation greatly. It would still be understandable if a robber stripped off the equipment from his dead retainer, but if there was a possibility that the corpse was moved then it was a different story.<br/>
Because if it was just a robber, then there wasn’t any need to do such thing.<br/>
I understood that explanation I was given.<br/>
「Aa, because of that they think that it’s suspicious. That it’s not just a robber. But, the possibility of the retainer trespassing into another territory also cannot be denied……」<br/>
The unmotivated Fifth said in response to me.<br/>
『Lyle, don’t get too deeply involved with this case. It looks like your work is already finished, there is no need to do anything more than this.』<br/>
Certainly, Ventra-san dispatched me because he didn’t want a dispute between caregivers to occur, so if the other party noticed that intention it was like my work was over already.<br/>
「Is that fine? Also……how long do I have to stay here?」<br/>
The Second touched his chin while,<br/>
『Well, Lyle can stand in the middle so that both sides will talk to each other. There won’t be any conclusion reached anyway, so the caregivers will get involved to mediate for both sides.』<br/>
The Third also nodded.<br/>
『After all there isn’t anything like a solution that will convince both sides in this kind of problem. Well, it will be over if at some point when a compromise plan is given I think?』<br/>
It felt tedious, but it seemed it was something like that. But, the First’s opinion differed.<br/>
『What? Will he withdraw after his retainer got killed? Besides the Bagan House is also cowardly. If the other side is finding fault with them then they should just pick up weapons and fight. If it’s me there will be absolutely no mercy.』<br/>
The First folded his arms. If it was him, then it felt like he would really march to face the other side.<br/>
「It feels like you have been doing nothing except fighting your surrounding until now.」<br/>
However the Second shrugged.<br/>
『No, there wasn’t any fighting or anything like that.』<br/>
「Eh!?」<br/>
It was shocking that this hot-blooded First wasn’t doing any fighting. When I looked at the Third he nodded. And then, he explained to me the situation of the Walt House at that time.<br/>
『Lyle, you were already told before but, the First was a dragon slayer……a “dragon killer”. What’s more he crushed one solo. He was also a mighty warrior who subdued the troublesome savage tribes in the area with strength. Who would dare to pick a fight with him? Even if a trouble occurred, the other party would draw back, and our caregiver was really scared of him. That’s not a lie okay.』<br/>
Around the territory of the Walt House, other than the Forxuz House that had good relations with the Walt House, all the other territories were fearing the First.<br/>
It seemed this was the first time the First heard it.<br/>
『Eh, is that so? So that wasn’t a joke.』<br/>
Why did the person himself not know?<br/>
The Third explained seriously.<br/>
『The Second was more or less better but, he prioritized efficiency and used a bow even though he was a noble, then he went around defeating tons of monsters and bandits. When I became the new head and went around making courtesy calls to my caregivers and the surrounding feudal lords, I was surprised. Haha~, it was really terrible. When I saw the other side trembling, I was able to understand just how much we were feared by them.』<br/>
The Second averted his face from the gazes of me and the other ancestors.<br/>
『N, no, but I was also proactively participating in the monster subjugation and bandit subjugation that the caregiver requested you know? I don’t think I did anything to make us that feared……I also properly did the courtesy calls and associating with the neighbors!』<br/>
The Third laughed a bit sadly.<br/>
『Fuh, until I became the head, the surrounding feudal lords only kept the minimum association with us. If the Forxuz House wasn’t there, we would be completely isolated. In the first place, even the caregiver’s request was told to us via the Forxuz House.』<br/>
I think the Walt House had too much debt towards the Forxuz House that it couldn’t be counted. It felt like all the ancestors without exception had been indebted to them.<br/>
It was shocking that the Walt House was feared that much, but thinking carefully it was the First who was like this.<br/>
Telling them to not fear him might be impossible.<br/>
And then, the Fourth cleared his throat.<br/>
『Now then, what is the opinion of the three of you?』<br/>
The First until the Third expressed their opinion.<br/>
『That’s obvious. Make the people concerned fight it out to settle the case!』<br/>
『Well, it’s pointless to even get involved. In this kind of case there is also the accumulated dissatisfaction of many years. There is no meaning even if only the problem this time gets solved so leave them be.』<br/>
『Conclusion! Let’s stay for around a week and then go home! The request will end with that, then pester Ventra-kun persistently to give extra on the reward!』<br/>
The splendid conclusion that was reached was to abandon, or rather to not care for anything else as long as the job was finished.<br/>
The Fourth was also relieved.<br/>
『Isn’t that right. There is no use even if Lyle get involved. However, in that case the period of time he is staying in this place will be wasted. There is a forest nearby, so let’s make him accumulate experience there.』<br/>
The Sixth also folded his arms and nodded.<br/>
『No objection!』<br/>
The Fifth sighed.<br/>
『The dependent’s quarrel is troublesome. This kind of thing also gave me hardships in my time.』<br/>
The Seventh seemed dissatisfied.<br/>
『Making Lyle do this kind of thing……that damn Ventra brat, I’ll remember this.』<br/>
Like this it was decided for me to not get involved with the problem this time. Was it really alright with this?<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 