<br/>
Chapter 25 – Truth<br/>
<br/>
The evening of the fourth day.<br/>
Zappa-san who was attending at the delivery of the materials looked at the amount of the magic stones and materials and his voice became rough.<br/>
「The, the number doesn’t match!」<br/>
Zelphy-san grinned while shrugging. If 80% was going to be taken anyway, there was no need to try too hard to earn more. There was no need to work hard to collect materials.<br/>
「No, most got burned. It became irrecoverable. That’s why there is only this much. Now then, our share will be 20% from this. Oops, if you are suspecting us then you can take a look at the cinders near the forest.」<br/>
The Third laughed at Zappa-san.<br/>
『It became like this because you tried to take 80%. Even though if you only ask 50, 40% then they will treat the material carefully. It became like this because you got too greedy.』<br/>
Well, the cause of this was also because we didn’t think of defeating monsters to earn money.<br/>
Zappa-san’s expectation was greatly off.<br/>
「Don’t screw around. Then all the magic stones are ours!」<br/>
「Hee, you are saying that. Then, you’ll have to properly sell those magic stones to the guild, or I’ll tell the guild to confirm it here. The guild will overlook it if it’s just a little amount but……there is this many. The guild might not stay quiet.」<br/>
Zelphy-san looked at the magic stone’s number while threatening Zappa-san with a smile.<br/>
「Yo, you bitch.」<br/>
Zappa-san looked vexed. Dale-san put a stop to him.<br/>
「It’s enough, Zappa. We will hand over the 20%. Also we will take the materials.」<br/>
While we were carrying out the delivery, Paola-san came running. We couldn’t see her clearly because it was evening, but we noticed her pale face when she got near.<br/>
「Dale-sama! Zappa! An envoy from the Maini House came!」<br/>
Dale-san and Zappa-san rushed out after looking at Paola-san’s complexion. We also followed them to the entrance of the village where five armed retainers of the Maini House were waiting angrily.<br/>
.<br/>
We headed to the mansion along with the five envoys and listened to the situation.<br/>
Then, what came out from the envoy’s mouth was──<br/>
「We found traces of battle in the forest on our territory’s side.」<br/>
They discovered the place that seemed to be where the start of the problem, the death of the Maini House’s retainer happened. Furthermore there were traces of battle and there were also a lot of blood shed there. In addition they discovered a part of the retainer’s armor and his personal effects hidden in the bush and tree.<br/>
Furthermore, the location was inside the forest──at the other side of the river that was the territory of the Maini House.<br/>
「……Hand over the people who discovered the corpse. It’s necessary to thoroughly question them about the details.」<br/>
Zappa-san fell silent. He was sweating at his forehead. It was unusual because normally he would keep butting in. Then Dale-san spoke.<br/>
「Please wait. The way you said it feels like you are suspecting us!」<br/>
The envoy glared at Dale-san and emitted an air as though he would cut him down even now.<br/>
「You’re right, we are suspecting you. Depending on the situation we will make you give us various compensations. How about we explain the situation to our respective superiors, we will talk to our lord, the Viscount-sama, while you can talk to your caregiver the Baron-sama, eh.」<br/>
Dale-san looked down hearing about compensation being mentioned.<br/>
「……How much will it be?」<br/>
The envoy started with 「The definite value hasn’t been decided, but」 and said,<br/>
「You will have to compensate us a thousand gold coins.」<br/>
I’m surprised at the amount that surpassed my imagination. The Sixth explained to me calmly.<br/>
『Don’t be surprised Lyle. In this situation they will exaggerate the amount at first. From there both sides will grope around for the compromising amount of each side. Even the other side doesn’t think that this kind of village will have that much money.』<br/>
Dale-san raised his head.<br/>
「There is no way we have that much money!」<br/>
The envoy kept looking coldly at Dale-san.<br/>
「So what? If it was the deed of bandits, they would have no reason to intentionally carry the heavy corpse. Besides, if they did that they would make it so the corpse wouldn’t be found wouldn’t it? Someone of the Bagan House found the corpse……how suspicious. It’s as though your side is going to try to press us to pay compensation. I can’t help but think so.」<br/>
「There is no way we will do something like that!」<br/>
Dale-san was agitated, while beside him Paola-san could only look flustered.<br/>
The Third spoke carefreely.<br/>
『The turn of affairs became suspicious isn’t it? If its like this could it be, this is a sign that our stay here would be prolonged?』<br/>
The ancestors didn’t want to get involved no matter what. Certainly, it might not be good if an outsider like me interjected here.<br/>
I suddenly felt a presence and moved my gaze to outside. Outside the window, there was a male with a small build peering into the mansion. I had seen him somewhere──it was when I thought that. I recalled the time when I went to buy a saber in Dalien.<br/>
At that time, there was a youth with a small build conversing with the female shopkeeper.<br/>
The Second also seemed to recall it.<br/>
『Is it that guy from that time, the one requesting to repair an armor? That’s suspicious……Lyle, catch him. It will be a loss if we got held up for a while in this kind of place. Catch and hand him over.』<br/>
I told Zelphy-san who was watching the conversation of Dale-san and the envoy that I would go outside and exited the mansion. I met up with Novem and the other two who were waiting outside and apprehended the youth peering into the mansion.<br/>
.<br/>
Inside the hut where we were staying at.<br/>
The name of the small and plump youth who we tied up is Pini. His expression seemed gentle and he had short and curly brown hair. I was the only male among the people surrounding him, but he was trembling.<br/>
Novem asked me.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, you said that this person is involved with the case this time?」<br/>
「Yes. Actually I had met him some time ago at the blacksmith in Dalien. He wanted an armor repaired there and requested the shopkeeper. But, the name that was engraved on the armor wasn’t this person’s name.」<br/>
Sophia-san turned her gaze at Pini-san’s face. Because she had a sharp gaze, Pini-san thought he was being glared at and felt scared.<br/>
「I, I’m sorry! Bu, but, at that time I had no choice but to do that!」<br/>
Sophia-san asked with a low voice.<br/>
「What do you mean by that time? Depending on what you’ve done……」<br/>
Aria-san stopped Sophia-san.<br/>
「Wait! You don’t have that kind of authority.」<br/>
「I know. But, this person is involved with the case this time. We cannot just leave him alone!」<br/>
「Both of you, please calm down.」<br/>
Novem calmed down the two arguing people. The First was irritated inside the Jewel.<br/>
『Beat him up until he confesses!』<br/>
But the Third was different.<br/>
『No, that’s no good. Because this young man is one of Dale-san’s people. Now then……let’s hear the story from him. It won’t be amusing if we got tied down too long in this place, if this guy is the culprit then hand him over and let the two sides talked it out later.』<br/>
The Fourth’s tone became delighted when it come to matter of money.<br/>
『Surely we’ll be able to earn money from the Viscount as a mediation fee. How envious. After all it looks like the fault lies completely on this side.』<br/>
I lowered my face until the height of Pini-san’s eyes, and then I questioned him.<br/>
「It won’t be good for yourself if you lie. Just what in the world did you do at Dalien? Or rather, why didn’t we catch any sight of you since we arrived here?」<br/>
Pini-san’s gaze wandered around while he began to explain the situation.<br/>
「Za, Zappa told me some time ago……aa, Zappa is like the leader of the young men here……」<br/>
「We know him. What did he tell you to do?」<br/>
「……He told me to go to Dalien to buy weapons.」<br/>
Hearing the word weapon, both Aria-san and Sophia-san became unable to look calm.<br/>
Especially Sophia-san, she talked with a serious voice.<br/>
「What are you planning to do after obtaining weapons!? Don’t tell me, you aren’t planning to fight are you……」<br/>
The Second’s voice came from the Jewel.<br/>
『They will lose right away. There is the difference in numbers, but they also lose in quality. Lyle, make him continue talking.』<br/>
I asked Sophia-san to stay quiet and asked the circumstances from Pini-san.<br/>
「When I arrived in the city, I heard the rumor that our village got into a dispute……but, I heard that it was only adventurers who were dispatched……it’s different from Zappa’s plan……」<br/>
Zappa’s plan?<br/>
「What kind of plan is that?」<br/>
「……Zappa, he wants to become a knight.」<br/>
「Knight?」<br/>
Hearing that the First said,<br/>
『For something like that, if you go to a battlefield and raise achievements──』<br/>
The Third cut off the First’s remark.<br/>
『First, few people can do something like that. I see now, he wanted to cause a war. He prepared weapons for that.』<br/>
Zappa-san tried to cause a war, raise achievements, and become a knight. Is such thing possible?<br/>
Then Sophia-san muttered.<br/>
「He wants to become a vassal knight? Don’t tell me, he is going to cause war just for that?」<br/>
Pini-san nodded several times.<br/>
「Tha, that’s right. Zappa said that if he can become a knight he will be able to live comfortably. Also, he said that he doesn’t want to do farm work his whole life.」<br/>
The Third who heard that snorted.<br/>
『He should try being in my position. Good grief, this is why youngsters with unrealistic dreams are troublesome.』<br/>
The Third died on the battlefield. Because of that, he was irritated at Zappa-san who was thinking to obtain success in life by raising achievements on the battlefield.<br/>
Sophia-san made a disbelieving face.<br/>
「Wha, what foolishness! How many people he thought will die if a war happens!? And that’s not all. He doesn’t know how great the damage to this village will be!」<br/>
It was Sophia-san who was knowledgeable about a situations like this. I listened carefully to Sophia-san’s words and asked what was on my mind.<br/>
「What will happen if war really occurs?」<br/>
Sophia-san pressed her forehead with her hand. She was utterly amazed by the extremely foolish reason of this situation.<br/>
「……The Maini House will request reinforcements from the Viscount-sama, and the Bagan House will also ask the same to the Baron-sama. It will be difficult to gather the numbers in this period of time but, perhaps each side will have two or three hundred I think? Naturally, the Maini House will fight seriously, so the numbers of that side will definitely be higher. There is no way this side will be able to hold out until reinforcements arrive, so this village will become a target of pillaging.」<br/>
Pini-san was drenched in sweat.<br/>
「Bu, but, on the battlefield they have to make a declaration of war first and decide the time……」<br/>
Sophia-san yelled angrily.<br/>
「It won’t be that kind of easygoing battle! The other side had one of their retainers killed! There is no way they will give any extension of time.」<br/>
Would it really become something that tragic? When I looked at Aria-san, she seemed to be uninformed too in this area and shook her head. Novem looked at Pini-san while,<br/>
「There are also cases where the date and time are decided first. Well, if speaking about war in detail there are also several types of it.」<br/>
Sophia-san nodded.<br/>
「This won’t be a battle to show their strength to each other. Depending on what you say after this there is a possibility that a lot of blood will be shed for real. Medard-sama isn’t the type of person who will go easy on his enemy.」<br/>
Pini-san was trembling fiercely.<br/>
I had a question.<br/>
「Eh, but both sides are fellow citizens of Bahnseim, right? They will go that far?」<br/>
Sophia-san looked at me in exasperation.<br/>
The First yelled angrily at me.<br/>
『Obviously! Even I if I got something like this done to me then I’ll fight for real!』<br/>
The Second was also of the same opinion.<br/>
『You cannot do something like holding back anyway. Lyle, I’ll say this, if my ally got killed and then his corpse received that kind of treatment, I’ll fight seriously. After all if I don’t do anything then the people will feel dissatisfied.』<br/>
The Third was disgruntled.<br/>
『This is really troublesome. We won’t be able to run away if war really does happen, want to join up with the Maini House from now?』<br/>
Was something like that allowed?<br/>
Pini-san was crying.<br/>
「I, I never thought it would become like that……」<br/>
Sophia-san yelled.<br/>
「Just what in the world did you all do! Speak out everything!」<br/>
Pini-san started explaining the situation.<br/>
.<br/>
──It was something that happened several weeks ago.<br/>
Zappa and Pini entered the forest. The two were carrying clubs as weapons and defeated monsters, collecting the magic stones and materials to be sold to a peddler.<br/>
The price would be beaten down compared to selling them directly to the guild, but it would be troublesome to go to Dalien that was far away to sell by themselves.<br/>
「Zappa, let’s stop already. We just crossed the river.」<br/>
「Shut up, Pini. I want to earn as much money as possible before the peddler comes next time. I’ll buy a weapon with that money. I think Paola will think better of me then.」<br/>
It wasn’t just Zappa who was in love with Paola who was the daughter of a higher-up. Speaking about the girl who was yearned among the men of the same generation, it would be Paola.<br/>
Pini was also harboring a fleeting feeling of love towards her, because of that he studied how to read and count. However, he didn’t know whether he was able to make her look at him with that. There was a rumor that Zappa who was the same age as him and was the leader of the pack when they were kids would marry Paola someday.<br/>
「But, we didn’t even ask Dale-sama for permission, it’s bad to do something like this secretly.」<br/>
「I’m the captain of the youth group! It’ll be fine if it’s me!」<br/>
The two entered the territory of the Maini House and searched for monsters inside the forest. Sometimes they would also take edible wild plants and fruits and put them inside a basket.<br/>
It was a splendid crime.<br/>
(Zappa, recently he became even worse. He is running wild since Paola’s father, the feudal lord and also Dale’s big brother died.)<br/>
The people who would scold him were suddenly gone. In addition, the person who became the new feudal lord was Dale who he got along well with since a long time ago. Because of such circumstances, Zappa’s influence in the village was increasing. The cause was because Dale was soft towards Zappa.<br/>
While they were walking inside the forest of the Maini House like that, a voice came. It was an angry voice.<br/>
「What are you doing there!?」<br/>
Over there was an armored person carrying a great sword on his back. The two immediately understood that he was a retainer of the Maini House because his attire was well-ordered.<br/>
「Thi, this is bad!」<br/>
「Zappa, let’s apologize quickly!」<br/>
「I, I told this guy that we mustn’t but, this guy said that he wants to take edible plants for his mother no matter what.」<br/>
Zappa laid the blame on Pini when he advised him to apologize.<br/>
「Zappa!」<br/>
The retainer of the Maini House who was carrying a hatchet in order to walk inside the forest approached the two.<br/>
「You two, you are people of the Bagan House. You recognize that you crossed the river and entered our territory then? In that case, put down your luggage and get lost right away.」<br/>
The other party said that he would forgive them if they left the things they harvested. But Zappa doggedly argued.<br/>
「O, oi. Wait. Half. No, most of this came from the territory of the Bagan House. We will return what we took from here so the rest」<br/>
「You think I can trust you? This is why people of the Bagan House are……」<br/>
At that time a roar came from inside the forest.<br/>
Zappa and Pini were shocked by that voice and lost the strength in their legs.<br/>
The retainer of the Maini House pulled out the great sword on his back.<br/>
「Orc? Why is it in this kind of place──」<br/>
A pig faced monster with two fangs jutting out from its lower jaw was approaching. Its height was around two meters.<br/>
Hair was also growing from its large arm, and cloth was tied around its waist. It brushed aside the trees with its large hand and the thin trees collapsed with cracking sound.<br/>
The orc’s right hand was holding a stone axe.<br/>
When it arrived near them, it raised a growl like an animal and glared at the retainer of the Maini House.<br/>
「You two, run away from here at once. My comrades are nearby, call them here!」<br/>
The retainer slashed at the orc with his great sword. The orc deflected it with its axe.<br/>
Their power was different, on top of that it was hard to fight with a great sword in this place.<br/>
「Shit-!」<br/>
If the retainer of the Maini House was allowed to make an excuse, surely he would say that he never thought there would be an orc inside the forest. Because of that, he carried a great sword here only for the sake of bringing it. If he had a hatchet he could deal with the monsters of this area easily enough.<br/>
However, there was no way to fight an orc with a hatchet. Thick skin and bulky limbs. The retainer switched to his great sword because he thought it would be better to fight such orc with a great sword.<br/>
Pini immediately ran away.<br/>
But, Zappa grabbed at Pini’s trouser.<br/>
Pini fell down.<br/>
「Zappa!」<br/>
「M, my foot won’t move! It’s the same like that time……」<br/>
He meant the time of their first campaign. The war three years ago where the Rodornia House was the main participant. The feudal lord and the important people of their village joined the battle.<br/>
With how small the war potential of the Bagan House was, they were positioned at the rear. They were given the role to guard the food supply. But, Zappa was dissatisfied with that and rushed out.<br/>
The feudal lord, the eldest son, and Paola’s father the higher-up chased after Zappa, while Pini went to tell the other units the reason why their force moved on their own accord. And then when the three caught up to Zappa──<br/>
There was an enemy ambush. Zappa became unable to stand up from fear and the three people died in order to protect him. After that because Pini came bringing allies as reinforcement,s it ended with only Zappa getting saved. Looking at the result, Zappa was able to lure out the enemy ambush, but he was the cause of the great loss where their village lost its feudal lord, eldest son, and a higher-up.<br/>
「Le, let go! I’ve to tell the others about this right away!」<br/>
「You said that but you just want to run away! Do, don’t leave me behind!」<br/>
Zappa wouldn’t let go.<br/>
The retainers of the Maini House who heard that arguing lost focus. He also let his guard down from his success of slashing deeply into the orc’s right arm.<br/>
「What are you doing, quickly──」<br/>
The next instant, the orc switched holding the stone axe to his left hand and cut down the retainer.<br/>
Pini and Zappa watched with their mouth opening and closing. They were convinced they were going to die.<br/>
However, the orc looked at the blood flowing from his right arm. And then, it looked at the falling great sword and threw away its stone axe before picking the sword up. It acted vigilantly towards Pini and Zappa while looking at the great sword……and then, it took away the sword.<br/>
Pini was relieved and he immediately moved to warn the people of the Maini House. But, Zappa wouldn’t let go.<br/>
「Zappa, enough with the──」<br/>
「Pini……we’re moving that man’s body.」<br/>
「──Eh?」<br/>
Zappa said that they would make it look like the retainer of the Maini House died in the Bagan House’s territory──<br/>
.<br/>
Inside the hut.<br/>
We who heard everything were astonished at the haphazardness of these two.<br/>
「After that the matter turned into something big, and I got scared……but, Zappa said that this is a chance. He wanted to make it look like the Maini House was in the bad, ask the Baron to send soldiers, and cause a war.」<br/>
I confirmed with Pini-san.<br/>
「That’s, really haphazard. Besides, why didn’t you stop him?」<br/>
Pini-san was shedding tears.<br/>
「I cannot win against Zappa! Besides, since the past he would punch me if I go against him……」<br/>
I thought that it was pathetic while seeing myself overlapping with Pini-san’s figure. Do I also look like this in the eyes of the ancestors?<br/>
「Actually the corpse should have been hidden at a place that people wouldn’t come to, so it won’t be discovered. But, it’s impossible to carry a corpse with only the two of us inside the dangerous forest. That was why, we desperately moved the corpse until the Bagan House’s territory, stripped off the valuables and brought them back. Zappa wanted to make it look like we discovered the corpse before someone else found it……he wanted to bury the corpse while no one knew who it was.」<br/>
The irritated voice of the Second came from inside the Jewel.<br/>
『That shitty brat called Zappa is the type I hate the most. A guy who does uncalled things and causes troubles, who’s got a loud voice and is only strong against weaker guys. He is the epitome of a guy who does nothing except complain.』<br/>
I think the Second……has a lot of types that he dislikes. The Third sighed.<br/>
『Well, you can find guys doing stupid things anywhere. Now then, what to do about this problem……yosh, let’s hand over that Zappa kid and then go home.』<br/>
Ah, so it became that conclusion as expected.<br/>
Then Aria-san talked while looking flustered.<br/>
「Wa, wait! This, it will be a disaster if we don’t do something……」<br/>
Novem put her hand on her cheek and tilted her head slightly.<br/>
「This is really troubling. But, I don’t think that we can do anything. In the first place, the Bagan House is completely in the wrong here. Perhaps, even their caregiver will abandon them in this case.」<br/>
There was no way to defend them.<br/>
The Fourth told me.<br/>
『……Lyle, ask him about the armor repair and about the mysterious letter.』<br/>
I looked at Pini-san.<br/>
「Say, could it be it was Pini-san who sent the letter to the Maini House? Also, you tried to repair the armor……」<br/>
Pini-san was still crying.<br/>
「I, it was me. I was told to sell it and went to Dalien but, I couldn’t do it……besides, it would be horrible if that person is buried without anyone knowing anything about him like that even though he had saved us. I asked for the repair of the armor. At the very least I wanted to return it to his family……」<br/>
I recalled the female shopkeeper’s words. At that time she told me that the gash looked like the work of a monster. In other words, the story about the monster──orc might be true.<br/>
Sophia-san folded her arms.<br/>
「……If you speak the truth, there is a possibility that this can still be ended peacefully. Besides, that orc cannot be left alone. There must be a reason why it is in this kind of place……」<br/>
Then, the Third seemed to notice something and raised his voice.<br/>
『I see!』<br/>
The Second too suddenly showed motivation.<br/>
『That’s possible! That’s right. This place is different from our place. There are villages around and monsters should be defeated periodically. It’s strange that there would be an orc here! From the flow of the story just now, it’s strange that it’s here!』<br/>
The First couldn’t understand.<br/>
『It’s just an orc right? Is it strange for it to be here? After all, in my era there were brown bears all over the place.』<br/>
Brown bear……a monster in the form of a bear. It was considered as a monster that was even more troublesome than something like an orc. An orc was also troublesome with how it used a weapon. But, a brown bear was plainly strong.<br/>
From the First’s view, an orc wasn’t even dangerous.<br/>
The Fourth spoke in delight.<br/>
『Yes, this is great. It’s great. If our thinking is right……it will be really profitable! Not that. It will become great experience for Lyle!』<br/>
The Fifth seemed to notice too,<br/>
『Aah, I see. Certainly if it’s like that then it might be better to interfere.』<br/>
The Sixth also sounded like he was having fun.<br/>
『Hohou, in other words there is a possibility in this place you say?』<br/>
The Seventh too changed his attitude until now and showed interest.<br/>
『Hmm, let’s interfere here and make them indebted to us. A monster that is usually not found here. Furthermore, even though monster subjugation was carried out periodically, it suddenly appeared……how nice. The possibility is high.』<br/>
The Third was also speaking with an excited voice.<br/>
『Haha, now its becoming interesting. Lyle, we’ll help out a bit so let’s solve the case this time.』<br/>
……Why are they suddenly showing motivation like this?<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 