<br/>
Sevens Volume 2 Chapter 23<br/>
<br/>
Chapter 23 – Kind Feudal Lord<br/>
<br/>
Inside the Jewel.<br/>
The ancestors were exasperated. From the viewpoint of the ancestors who were feudal lords, apparently the current head of the Bagan House, Dale-san was just too hopeless.<br/>
Which one is more hopeless between both of us? ……I would feel frustrated for some reason if both of us were compared and I lost, so I didn’t ask the ancestors.<br/>
The Second was flabbergasted.<br/>
"It was already apparent since the first meeting, but this is the worst."<br/>
These seven were exasperated at Dale-san’s action. Their respective reason was different, but they were giving Dale-san the lowest evaluation.<br/>
The Third gave a follow up for Dale-san.<br/>
"As an individual he gives a favorable impression though. But, that’s only as an individual. As a feudal lord I can only say that he is the worst."<br/>
The fact that Paola-san told me.<br/>
It was the fact that Dale-san left the apologizing to Paola-san. It seemed there was someone who told the feudal lord Dale-san, that there was no need for him to lower his head to adventurers like us.<br/>
Well, it must be Zappa-san.<br/>
「But, certainly I am an adventurer. Besides, looking at how he is listening to his people’s opinion……isn’t he a good feudal lord?」<br/>
The Fifth frowned at me.<br/>
"Lyle, you don’t understand anything. Certainly I think there is no problem with Dale as an individual. In fact, he is a good guy to have as a friend. But, he isn’t suited as a feudal lord."<br/>
The Seventh looked disinterested.<br/>
"Listening to other’s opinions and acting as a yes-man are two different matters. Well, in the case of that youngster Dale, the problem is before that."<br/>
The Sixth also nodded.<br/>
"You can see from his appearance and his attitude. He is giving the blunt impression that he is a hundred percent the ally of the people. That’s irritating."<br/>
The Sixth who was usually kind used the word irritating to call Dale-san. It was a bit unexpected.<br/>
From my eyes, Dale-san was an agreeable youth who was working together with the villagers.<br/>
Besides, I heard that at first the village’s populace was happy when Dale-san succeeded the feudal lord position.<br/>
The First hit the table many times with both his hands.<br/>
"Appearance or whatever doesn’t matter! He said that he wants to save Aria-chaan? What’s more, giving her a better life than an adventurer he saiid? Bullshit! This village, it’s really poor no matter how you cut it! It’s even poorer compared to my era!"<br/>
I tilted my head hearing that.<br/>
「Eh? But, as expected there is no way he is poorer than me who is just an adventurer right? Then, if Aria-san wishes for it……」<br/>
The First was looking dumbfounded at me.<br/>
"Work harder at that! Aria-chan getting intimate with that brat is just a nightmareeeee!!"<br/>
The Fourth pushed his glasses with his fingertips and explained to me.<br/>
"Lyle, certainly, a feudal lord obtains taxes from the people. You might think that they aren’t poor but……depending on the scale even a feudal lord of a settlement, they can be poor too, bluntly speaking."<br/>
When I looked around, the Third who seemed to be knowledgeable about the circumstance of something like this nodded.<br/>
"That’s right. Well, it’s also depending on the situation too. If the settlement has a specialty product, then it’s also possible to earn revenue from a different area. But, a feudal lord fundamentally will hire servants for their mansion. They have to pay personnel expenses and also various expenses like for entertaining guests and so on. Also, I think it’s pointless but an appearance that suits their status is also necessary. The expense for that cannot be sneezed at."<br/>
"It’s not pointless after all. It’s a necessary expense."<br/>
The Fourth corrected the Third’s opinion while talking about Dale-san. It seemed this was also a part of my society study.<br/>
"He lowered the tax, dismissed the servants of the mansion, and lives alone. He is also working hard in the farm and builds a really close relationship with the populace. An agreeable youth who works hard and kind to everyone. He gets along well with people around his age and also takes the initiative to work. Wonderful! If he is a mere villager and not a feudal lord then he would be perfect."<br/>
Is that no good?<br/>
「Err, as expected from everyone’s tone he is no good isn’t it? What is it that is no good from him?」<br/>
Then the Second asserted.<br/>
"Everything."<br/>
「Everything!? Eh, is there nothing good about him even if only a bit?」<br/>
The Second put his hand on his forehead and said to me.<br/>
"Look here, Lyle. A feudal lord has duty with the tax that they received. Do you think it can be forgiven if he abandon that duty?"<br/>
The Fifth also had the same opinion.<br/>
"This happens sometimes. A guy who will be better if only he isn’t in his current position. It’s also the same with Dale. If he is a mere villager then he will be a reliable person. But, as a feudal lord he is the worst."<br/>
The Third was smiling, but it was a slightly scary smile.<br/>
"Honestly, I think that what he is doing is pushing that village to self-destruction. Until now he might be the second son who lived at home and served as the spare for the eldest son. There is also a part of him that can be pitied with how the leaders of the village all died in battle……but I also feel, so what?"<br/>
The Second folded his arms and looked at me.<br/>
"If he feels like it, he can also ask for help from Ventra. He can also get along with the surrounding feudal lords. In fact, that Medard was like that wasn’t he? He said that because he know that it was hard for Dale at the beginning after he only took over as the house head, he went around alone to apologize to the surrounding feudal lords."<br/>
「But, is there any need to force yourself that far to get along with the surrounding……」<br/>
The Fourth agreed to that.<br/>
"Well, certainly it’s not good if you overdo it. In fact, there are bad feudal lords who cause their people to suffer. Or rather, there are many like that."<br/>
As I thought there are many.<br/>
The Third stretched up while saying.<br/>
"They also misunderstand because they are in that position since their birth. Ah, it’s not like this only applies to feudal lord type nobles. The populace is also like that."<br/>
「The populace too?」<br/>
The Fifth answered apathetically.<br/>
"The populace pay tax in order to secure their safety, and also to make use of the great authority. For example……like the fight between Aria and Sophia today. They cannot settle it no matter what. Or perhaps, it will be troubling if it’s settled, so you interfere between them."<br/>
「Ye, yes.」<br/>
"Do you think the dissatisfaction of those two will vanish like that? It won’t. Even so they obeyed you because you are the party leader."<br/>
The Sixth made fun of me with an amused face.<br/>
"No, perhaps they obeyed because they are in love with Lyle you know?"<br/>
"Whichever is fine! Someone will end up acting as a mediator within a group. It’s at that kind of time, just as Sophia said, you have to act more firmly. After all, the lives of those three are entrusted to you."<br/>
Certainly that’s true. When I thought that, I realized that from Sophia-san’s perspective, my indecisive attitude must be unforgivable.<br/>
The Fifth cleared his throat.<br/>
"Listen, Lyle. Sometimes there will be a split of opinion between your comrades. It will be you who makes the decision at that kind of time. Someone might be dissatisfied by your decision. Even so, in order for the party to survive and earn money, it’s necessary that you make the decision."<br/>
The Seventh gave me advice.<br/>
"Novem and Aria, then Sophia……don’t you think it’s hard to listen to their opinions and make a decision that satisfies them all? Let’s see, right now it’s fine because there are only three of them, but what about if your party members grow to five people or six people?"<br/>
The Sixth declared.<br/>
"Someone will be dissatisfied. Perhaps they will even stop listening to you and act on their own."<br/>
The Third summed up what the Fifth wanted to say.<br/>
"For example if Lyle was a feudal lord, and the other three are villagers. The three follow you because Lyle is working to make the group survive. If the four of you in the same position have different opinions, the group will be in disorder. It will be harder to survive than before, and you also might be unable to earn money."<br/>
I somehow get it.<br/>
The feudal lord had responsibility, and the populace entrusted them to make the decision.<br/>
「Eh? But, the populace cannot choose where they were born right? It feels like their situation is different from us who are in the chosen position……」<br/>
The Fourth shook his head.<br/>
"This is only an example. Besides, feudal lords also cannot choose their birth. Well, no matter who they are, people cannot choose their birth after all."<br/>
The Second spoke out his conclusion.<br/>
"In short, from the start you cannot do something like satisfying the whole populace. Even so, it’s necessary for Dale to act for the sake of pushing that village to a good direction no matter how small, even if the surroundings don’t understand what he is doing. He is the existence that guides and protects his people. He is entrusted to make the decision in order to better their living as much as possible. Well, it’s easy for both sides to forget about that though."<br/>
Just how many feudal lords were there who were always conscious of such a thing? Besides, compared to the populace, it would be easier for the feudal lord who held authority from their birth to become rotten.<br/>
Squeezing out tax from the populace and then tormenting them. Feudal lords who didn’t think about their people──the ancestors said that Dale-san’s act was similar to that. No, perhaps he was even worse because he looked like he was abandoning all his responsibility.<br/>
The Third raised his index finger and turned a smile at me.<br/>
"By the way, the best feudal lord that the populace wished for is──"<br/>
The First declared.<br/>
"A strong guy!"<br/>
The Second laughed self-derisively.<br/>
"One who doesn’t levy tax I guess."<br/>
The Fourth thought a bit before,<br/>
"……One who prioritized his people above all things, I think."<br/>
The Fifth apathetically said,<br/>
"A feudal lord who won’t meddle."<br/>
The Sixth stroked his beard while,<br/>
"But, one who will help for free when they need to be helped or saved."<br/>
The Seventh folded his arms and made a complicated expression.<br/>
"……One who won’t get involved in war."<br/>
The Third spread out his hands and said.<br/>
"On the contrary, the best populace that the feudal lord wished for is an existence who pays a lot of tax, doesn’t cause any trouble, won’t defy and obeys everything. From the beginning the opinion of both sides is already different!"<br/>
What an unpleasant difference. But, it felt like both opinions matched in how both were impossible.<br/>
There was no feudal lord who wouldn’t levy tax, and the people also didn’t want an existence that was only taking tax.<br/>
The Third slightly laughed and turned serious after taking a breath.<br/>
"Both sides cannot exist with each other like that, that’s why they can only compromise. Everyone is living towards different directions. But like that, they won’t be able to live properly. It’s strict but, someone has to decide the direction."<br/>
Everyone was living with different directions.<br/>
Hearing that, I looked around at the seven people.<br/>
「……The seven of you are also like that isn’t it?」<br/>
Even though they were all from the same family, their opinions didn’t match at all. Looking from that point, I could understand just how difficult it was to unify differing opinions.<br/>
The Fifth snorted.<br/>
"Exactly as you said. ……If you can talk sarcastically like that then you understand right? Even if their methods differed, feudal lords have responsibility to lead their charge. That’s why they take tax. Sometimes they would be hated, even so that’s included in the job. But, sometimes there are also those who act as they pleased without caring for any of that but the people still follow that person."<br/>
The Fourth nodded.<br/>
"Aa, I get what you mean. There are people like that isn’t it, they have this thing called charm, or charisma. Just by moving people will follow them. Those type of people are really envious."<br/>
The First and the Sixth spoke curiously.<br/>
"Hee, so there are that kind of people."<br/>
"What an envious story."<br/>
Hearing the words of the two, the Second and the Fifth, and then the Seventh held their heads.<br/>
"Shit-, why is this kind of person……"<br/>
"For the person himself to not notice is just the worst."<br/>
"I wish they will understand how hard it is for the person who succeeded their legacy."<br/>
Unexpectedly, the Walt House also had charismatic feudal lords. It was the First and the Sixth apparently.<br/>
「……They don’t look like it.」<br/>
The Third nodded at my words.<br/>
"Well, their actions until that point are also related though. But, sometimes there is also a person with that kind of charisma. Like, everyone is following that person."<br/>
At this time the face of Celes came to mind. An existence that charmed and whose words were obeyed by everyone──<br/>
I didn’t really want to recognize it.<br/>
The Third continued.<br/>
"But you know, that Dale-kun doesn’t have that kind of charisma. At best he is only someone capable. At this rate, a problem will occur before long……it’s unknown whether he will be able to deal with it."<br/>
The Third’s expression was serious.<br/>
And then the Forth concluded.<br/>
"Well, let’s end this talk here, what we want to say is"<br/>
「What you want to say is?」<br/>
"Don’t poke your nose in the situation of another house. Lyle yourself is managing your own party. You don’t have any free time to get involved with the situation of a stranger’s house, and this situation is also very problematic in various aspects. Let’s just ignore it. It looks like your job is already finished, that’s the priority. Or rather……this is really bothersome isn’t it? Even if we got involved with the hopeless feudal lord Dale-kun there is no profit to be had……"<br/>
All the ancestors had the same opinion.<br/>
……As expected it’s that kind of flow after coming to this point? If it’s these seven people then I have the feeling that they have a solution for the problem though.<br/>
However, apparently they had no motivation to help. I think that it’s a bit cold while also noticing that I who am thinking like that am the one who cannot do anything.<br/>
In the end, I was made to realize that I’m unable to do conspicuous deeds like a main character that appeared in a story.<br/>
.<br/>
The next day.<br/>
「Recently I kept getting called inside the Jewel.」<br/>
I who rose from bed while complaining looked at the partition that was prepared inside the hut. It was a cloth that separated me from the female camp.<br/>
When I woke up and tried going outside, there was Aria-san who was going outside using her spear as a cane to support her body this early in the morning.<br/>
「……Are you alright?」<br/>
「Eh!? Ah, it hurts-!」<br/>
Aria-san who turned around towards me was unable to endure the pain of her body and sat down on the spot.<br/>
I rushed towards her and held her shoulder to support her, but it seemed that doing that was also painful for her and she screamed.<br/>
「Hiih!」<br/>
「So, sorry!」<br/>
While we were floundering around, the Second’s voice came from the Jewel.<br/>
"It’s not "Growth" huh. She overused her Art after it just manifested. Lyle, make her stay in bed for today."<br/>
Aria-san’s eyes turned tearful.<br/>
「I’m sorry. My body feels more painful than yesterday……I want to test the feeling of yesterday for a bit in the morning but, my whole body is in pain.」<br/>
The Fourth said that it couldn’t be helped.<br/>
"Well of course. Unlike me, it’s a rapid acceleration that is specialized for battle. Well, if she rests for one day……no, two days, then she will be fine."<br/>
The Third also spoke in envy.<br/>
"How nice. The Vanguard type Art has explosive power, so when it manifests you will certainly become stronger by leaps and bounds. My Art is plain in comparison."<br/>
The Fourth was exasperated.<br/>
"Please don’t spout such lie. Isn’t your Art the most horrible among all of us here?"<br/>
I ignored the voices of the ancestors while helping Aria-san to stand and return towards the hut.<br/>
「Use my shoulder.」<br/>
Aria-san looked terribly in pain. She was sweating heavily and desperately endured her pain. I lifted her with my arm and lent her my shoulder carefully so to not stimulate her pain. I placed my right hand around her waist and pulled her closer, firmly fixing her body in place. It felt like Aria-san’s complexion became slightly better. Her pale face turned faintly red.<br/>
「Thank you, Lyle.」<br/>
When we were walking slowly like that, there was someone running towards the hut. It was the figure of two young men, Dale-san and Zappa-san.<br/>
「Dale, there is no doubt!」<br/>
「You bastard!」<br/>
It looked like Zappa-san led Dale-san here. Dale-san clenched his fist and suddenly swung at me.<br/>
"This shitty brat, who do you think you’re picking with huhhhh!!"<br/>
Hearing the First’s roar, I returned to my senses in surprise and swept away Dale-san’s fist with my left hand.<br/>
Dale-san’s fist was parried like that. It looked like he was punching with all his strength.<br/>
「No, what are you doing?」<br/>
Aria-san became tearful and shaking from my movement. Her body was helplessly in pain.<br/>
Dale-san and Zappa-san glared at me.<br/>
「You are making that girl cry! I saw it myself!」<br/>
Zappa-san pointed at Aria-san and yelled angrily, but it seemed Aria-san couldn’t pay attention to that. The pain from her whole body──it seemed she wanted to lay down as fast as possible.<br/>
「Spare me already. It hurt. It really hurts. That’s why, really don’t……aa, it feels like strange sweat is coming out.」<br/>
Her voice was also trembling, and because she was talking in a small voice, it didn’t reach the two. The amount of her sweating increased. As expected I don’t think she can stay like this.<br/>
Zappa-san moved towards me and clenched his fist while grinning.<br/>
「I’ll teach a spoiled brat raised in the city like you the reality! Don’t get high and mighty just because you are surrounded with women!」<br/>
Did he have a grudge against me? Frankly speaking it’s a bother, but the Third was laughing. However, at the end his voice was low.<br/>
"This neighborhood bully really said it eh~. ……Lyle, let’s teach him. What reality is."<br/>
Zappa-san made a large swing and punched towards me. It looked like it had more momentum and power than Dale-san, but it was easy to avoid. I caught his arm with my left hand and my foot tripped him.<br/>
「Bastard! Don’t get carried away!」<br/>
Yep, how should I say it, he isn’t scary. If it’s like this, the fist of the vassal who punched me at the mansion back then was still sharper. It doesn’t look like he is as strong as he said.<br/>
Dale-san ran towards Zappa-san who tried to stand up.<br/>
Aria-san was tearfully gripping my clothes strongly while breathing roughly. I want to bring her to the hut right away to let her lay down.<br/>
「Err, we are in a hurry so I’ll listen to what you have to say later. I will take you on at that time too please.」<br/>
Dale-san grabbed my shoulder. He is glaring at me.<br/>
「Wait! Just what did you do to Aria-sa──」<br/>
Dale-san shook my body. Then the shaking was transmitted to Aria-san and her pained body was shook intensely──<br/>
「──Shut up, you idiots!!」<br/>
A very low threatening voice was spoken out. The three of us looked at Aria-san’s face. One of her eyebrows were twitching up and down, and she glared at Dale-san and Zappa-san with her expression unclear whether she was smiling or angry.<br/>
「You two dare show your face from the morning huh, you jerks. I haven’t forgotten the matter yesterday y’know! If you two dare to show your face together, then start apologizing! Apologize by rubbing those empty heads there on the ground!」<br/>
The ancestors inside the Jewel fell silent hearing the threatening voice of Aria-san. No, it was only the First who──<br/>
"……Aria-chan. Don’t. If a girl speaks like that……I think, that’s no good."<br/>
You think!? Assert it clearly there! Or rather, Aria-san right now gave off a pressure that shut up even the ancestors.<br/>
I too cannot speak any words at this really unexpected happening. And then, the older two young men were also closing and opening their mouth in front of Aria-san.<br/>
「N, no, we heard a scream so, we came running──」<br/>
The two of them looked at each other’s face and said things like 「Ye, yeah. That’s why I called you」 and nodded repeatedly.<br/>
Hearing that Aria-san yelled even more angrily.<br/>
「I’m in pain here! Before you come punching because of strange misunderstandings, be tactful and get lost right away! You useless dullards!! No one is calling you guys here! Read the atmosphere! Or else I’m gonna make you target for this spear, AAA!!」<br/>
After the two returned──no, ran away in panic, Aria-san calmed her breathing. She took a deep breath, and looked at me──<br/>
「The, they suddenly attacked……i, it was scary. I also, lost myself and raised my voice.」<br/>
Aria-san endured her pain and smiled. Looking at her I could only agree with her.<br/>
「……Right. It must be really scary.」<br/>
I absolutely won’t say that Aria-san was scary. But, yep……it was scary. Sorry, as I thought Aria-san was scary.<br/>
.<br/>
We returned to the room and I laid down Aria-san. Sophia-san was writhing in the futon next to her.<br/>
Pain ran through her when she tried to move. Sometimes her body would be convulsing and twitching.<br/>
「Auh!」<br/>
Novem approached the pained Sophia-san and said.<br/>
「It’s alright. Please lie down for a while. If you need something please say it to me or Zelphy-san.」<br/>
……They should have heard what happened outside, but it seemed they wouldn’t touch the subject. It seemed they had no intention to mention the matter of me getting into a dispute with the feudal lord and also Aria-san’s angry yell.<br/>
I slightly raised my hand towards Novem who was looking after the two who were lying down.<br/>
「Ca, can I help with something?」<br/>
Then Zelphy-san scratched her hair. Novem made a troubled face while refusing my offer gently.<br/>
「No, it’s fine. Lyle-sama, can we leave the work outside to you?」<br/>
I could hear the Fourth sighing.<br/>
"Lyle, leave helping the girls to other girls, you should work outside. After all, girls also have certain things that they cannot say to the opposite sex."<br/>
I’m free, so I tried walking around the village.<br/>
We were busy on the first and second day, so I haven’t taken a leisurely look at the village.<br/>
Then, I happened to see Dale-san helping an old woman who was carrying a heavy luggage.<br/>
「Granny, I’ll help you.」<br/>
「Thank you very much.」<br/>
Dale-san friendly carried the heavy luggage. The surrounding villagers also greeted Dale-san with a smile. Dale-san replied with a smile. Children were running around Dale-san’s legs.<br/>
「Hey, big bro, let’s play!」<br/>
「Oi oi, I have to work in the farm after this. Let’s do that next time.」<br/>
He laughed with a troubled expression. It looked like he was loved by the villagers.<br/>
From my eyes I couldn’t see him as a hopeless feudal lord at all. Even so it seems the ancestors consider him as hopeless. I muttered while watching from afar.<br/>
「He looks like a good person.」<br/>
He tried to hit me also because he heard that Aria-san was crying. Thinking back, certainly he might be a good person as an individual.<br/>
But, I don’t know how he is as a feudal lord.<br/>
The Second muttered slightly happily.<br/>
"He is loved huh. Certainly, if it’s like this I can understand why people placed their expectations on him at first."<br/>
「Isn’t it fine then? Besides, it looks like he will be able to manage somehow.」<br/>
The First was irritated. Looks like he was aggravated by Dale-san’s marriage proposal to Aria-san.<br/>
"Who cares about that! I hate that guy. How dare he do such thing to Aria-chan……because of that guy’s fault Aria-chan spoke like that……"<br/>
The Second spoke a bit hesitantly.<br/>
"No, I think it’s absolutely possible that’s her base personality or something. You know, she has this side, like how the person herself likes to move her body, or how she isn’t good with detailed work. Besides, she is a type of "hit first, ask later", right? Surely that was her true self."<br/>
The First’s voice sounded like he was going to cry. I don’t really care but, it was painful to see the crying figure of a middle-aged man.<br/>
"You’re wrong! Aria-chan is a lady……god dammit!!"<br/>
I listened to the conversation of the ancestors while watching the tranquil scenery and the smiling villagers living there──along with the feudal lord Dale-san.<br/>
<br/>
