<br/>
Chapter 37 – Takeover<br/>
<br/>
The tent where the adventurers from Centralle were staying at is larger and better made compared to the others.<br/>
The reason I came here was because I heard that I could obtain a map with better detail compared to the map that the guild provided.<br/>
I have no need for it because I have the Fifth and the Sixth’s Arts, but the problem is it’s concerning how the information of the map is. Well, it’s the ancestors who are bothered though.<br/>
「Is there any need to come here even though we are busy preparing various things?」<br/>
After I leaked out my dissatisfaction, the Fifth told me to focus myself.<br/>
『We’re going to clear up just how great the ability of a magic tool is. This is information gathering for the future. I also want to take a look at the adventurers from Centralle while we’re at it.』<br/>
I called out in front of the tent and waited for a reply. After a while a voice said 「Enter」 so I entered inside the tent.<br/>
The interior design of the inside was also extravagant. Several adventurers were sitting on chairs and passing their time each to their own liking.<br/>
Strange shaped tools with measuring functions are lined up. It’s unclear whether they’re magic tools or just normal tools. There is a tool with a gem embedded into it. Is it just decoration or is there a meaning to it……I’m curious. Among the tools there is also one with a gem emitting a mysterious light embedded on it.<br/>
「Excuse me──」<br/>
「If you want a detailed map then it will be one gold coin. The content is changing every day. Come and buy it every few days.」<br/>
My words got interrupted. One of them handed me a paper while I’m feeling bewildered. After I paid one gold coin and obtained the map, the senior adventurer moved his head slightly, telling me to get out with his gesture.<br/>
They don’t look like they will listen to anything at all.<br/>
The Seventh is irritated.<br/>
『Lowly adventurers dare to put on airs with that appearance of an upstart.』<br/>
The Second started talking in deep interest.<br/>
『Are they magic tools? There are a lot of tools with gems embedded into them. Every single one looks expensive, but the guys using them don’t look strong. Lyle can win if both sides are at their base state I think? Well, they look quite experienced but, it’s bothering me that they don’t look motivated.』<br/>
In other words, it seems that I cannot win against them who have their whole body equipped with magic tools.<br/>
I said my thanks and exited the tent. Then I immediately opened the map. But, I tilted my head seeing the inside. Certainly it’s more detailed compared to the guild’s map, but that’s all.<br/>
The Arts of the Fifth and the Sixth are far more amazing than this.<br/>
However the Fifth is surprised.<br/>
『……So even magic tools can investigate this accurately. I wonder how expensive magic tools for investigation are.』<br/>
Then the Seventh answered.<br/>
『The magic tool itself is expensive, but the magic ore──an ore with mana dwelling inside it that becomes the mana source for the magic tool is also expensive. I heard that there are also magic tools that won’t move without it. Those things are of a rare kind, so even the price of a single magic tool can be several hundred or several thousand gold coins. The price can double if the magic ore is included.』<br/>
The Fourth is worrying while,<br/>
『Even so if we can obtain a map this detailed then……no, thinking of the talented person needed to operate it and the maintenance cost……I see, there is no way that there will be an adventurer in Dalien that can use these magic tools. The cost is just too much.』<br/>
The Sixth changed the direction of the talk at that timing.<br/>
『Now then Lyle! It’s the time for the fun party. You need to have fun too! After all……it’s from your money!』<br/>
No, it’s not just my money but the money of all of us……well, doesn’t matter. After coming this far I can only go forward. I folded the map and put it inside my pocket, then I returned to my tent.<br/>
.<br/>
The evening of the sixth day.<br/>
The elves are displaying their musical performance at the center of the campsite. The stalls are lining up food on plates one after another as though to use up their ingredients.<br/>
The prostitutes served the alcohol and entertained the people who worked hard at the rear support.<br/>
「Drink to your hearts content! This is the treat of the famous “Womanizer”. Today you all drink and eat until your stomachs burst in order to clear up your everyday irritation!」<br/>
The men received alcohol from the prostitutes and happily ate the food lined up on the table. The children who are still young received juice.<br/>
The children of the elves brought candy that they distributed to their fellow children.<br/>
It’s plainly a publicity stunt.<br/>
I thought that while looking at that situation from some distance away.<br/>
「Is it going well?」<br/>
The Second told me 「No problem」 and then pointed at the situation around. The adventurers who returned from the dungeon are dumbfounded. The prostitutes served alcohol even to them.<br/>
Everyone no matter who is served alcohol. And the food can be freely eaten.<br/>
「Why is there no limitation put in place?」<br/>
The Third answered my question.<br/>
『It’s troublesome to select the people one by one. Besides, it’s not like we want to crush them. After all they might attack you inside the dungeon if your corner them too much. Well, they’re low lives so they might still come at you no matter what though.』<br/>
The Sixth continued the explanation.<br/>
『Listen Lyle……our purpose isn’t to crush the other parties. We only want to take over the whole rear support!』<br/>
「That sounds really terrible in ear!」<br/>
We made the elves to advertise that it’s thanks to me the food situation is improved in order to make my popularity increase.<br/>
The Seventh urged me.<br/>
『Lyle, as the event’s host you have to get to the front. Sell your face and name in this chance. Declare that it’s you who is holding this banquet.』<br/>
I’m not enthusiastic but when I headed towards the banquet venue, Aria-san and the others are already waiting. I’m concerned with Novem whose hair is a bit disordered and her face looked tired, but my hands are pulled by Sophia-san and Rachel-san to the improvised stage.<br/>
The elves and prostitutes called out for everyone to look towards the stage. A lot of people’s gazes gathered on me.<br/>
I resolved myself and then put on a smile.<br/>
「Everyone, thanks for your hard work! We can fight like this is also thanks to everyone! Please have fun today. I’ll also prepare food and alcohol later for those who can’t be here because of their guard duty so don’t worry about that! Now, let’s have fun!」<br/>
Then a loud cheer burst out as though all their accumulated frustration until now was vented.<br/>
Everyone is scrambling for the food that is made by the cook whose cooking kept getting called bad until now every day. The cook had a wide smile on his face seeing that.<br/>
The adventurers who were made fun of that they are doing nothing but drawing water or doing chores are also getting lewd looks when the prostitutes serve them alcohol.<br/>
The young children who were taking care of the horses are eating sweets and juices while laughing with each other. Such scene is spreading. Among them there are the adventurers who entered the dungeon laughing scornfully and making fun of my bid at popularity.<br/>
I got down from the stage and met with Eva-san who has changed into a theatrical costume for her performance. Different from her usual loose outfit, the line of her body is completely visible with this outfit that stuck tightly to her skin.<br/>
Her shoulders, thighs, stomach, and some other places are visible. It’s troubling where to look at her.<br/>
「Lyle, thank you! With this I can also sing here. I never thought that the adventurer who was looking down at that time will prepare this kind of stage for me. That was truly a fateful encounter!」<br/>
Eva-san is exaggerating too much. I shrugged at her.<br/>
「We’re also helped. Please take care of the rumor okay?」<br/>
「Leave it to me. That kind of thing is the elves’ specialty.」<br/>
……Thinking carefully, isn’t the capability of elves far surpassing the likes of spies? They went around all over the place gathering information, and it’s also possible for them to circulate rumors. Their legs and moving pace are also fast which made them suited for battle too.<br/>
Elves are amazing.<br/>
Eva-san hugged at my back.<br/>
「More importantly, Lyle too, earn a lot from the dungeon subjugation this time. You need to recover at least half of the amount you spent.」<br/>
I averted my gaze. It would depend on luck about that.<br/>
「……Ahaha, I’ll do my best.」<br/>
「Very good!」<br/>
After saying that, she continued 「Listen to my singing okay」 and went above to the stage. I waved my hand and saw her off from behind but…….<br/>
『Ah, I can see the inside of her skirt.』<br/>
『Isn’t that a type of underwear that is alright even if it got seen? It’s not stimulating at all.』<br/>
The Third and the Sixth’s voices ruined the atmosphere.<br/>
.<br/>
The next day after the party, the morning of the seventh day.<br/>
I approached the place where Hawkins-san is having his meal. Hawkins-san sighed and looked at the dishes lined up on the table.<br/>
They aren’t only vegetables and beans, there is also rich soup with meat and freshly baked bread. There is also one other dish. It’s extravagant for a campsite meal.<br/>
「……I’m beaten. Now I can only accept it like this.」<br/>
It’s everyday food so it can’t be called a bribe. However, there is no doubt that it’s thanks to me the food situation is resolved.<br/>
I grinned while sitting in front of Hawkins-san.<br/>
「Where did you learn this kind of method? I want to believe that it’s not from Zelphy-san.」<br/>
It’s not from Zelphy-san, but from even worse people. Just how comfortable it would be if I can say something like that.<br/>
「Hawkins-san, actually I have a request.」<br/>
Hawkins-san made a troubled face and said 「If that’s something that I can do. However, if I can’t do it then when we return the guild will pay you the cost for this」 so I nodded.<br/>
「First, can I ask the guild to warn everyone to thoroughly uphold the rules inside the dungeon?」<br/>
「……Well, if it’s only that much.」<br/>
「Also, I’m being hated by Santoa-san, so I want to take care of the procedure ahead of everyone. Ah, we will return properly within the day, and we also won’t break the rules.」<br/>
Hawkins-san looked slightly troubled, but he agreed with me.<br/>
「Is that all?」<br/>
「Yes, it’s enough with just that.」<br/>
Hawkins-san looked at me with a doubting gaze. Perhaps he is thinking that I’m hiding something. My heart feels slightly pained that Hawkins-san is doubting me.<br/>
「No, that’s really all. It’s not like I’m planning to do anything bad.」<br/>
「Even though you say that, I know of no one else except Lyle-kun who would hand over that much money to a post exchange merchant. Are you alright?」<br/>
What he meant by alright is will we be able to earn money properly? He must be wondering whether we are in money trouble right now.<br/>
「Yes, there is no problem. That money was mostly from me ripping off the feudal lord-sama anyway.」<br/>
Hawkins-san covered his face with his right hand.<br/>
「You’ve become really tough compared to when we first met. I don’t know whether that is a good or bad thing.」<br/>
I’ve known Hawkins-san since I first registered as an adventurer. Even though it’s only a few months ago, it felt like something from a really long time ago.<br/>
.<br/>
I assigned the seventh day for Art’s training, and we would do the dungeon subjugation for real starting from the eighth day.<br/>
The dungeon subjugation is scheduled for two weeks. It’s already approaching the second half.<br/>
The party members with me in the lead went running into the dungeon that had trees forming its walls. I checked the accurate map inside my head while heading towards the area pass the middle stage……the place that the adventurers still haven’t explored in one go while avoiding monsters as much as possible.<br/>
Although its scale is small as a dungeon, we ran through a spacious place without stopping. We entered a room that has no monster in it and took a rest right away.<br/>
Rachel-san is running out of breath and covered in sweat.<br/>
「Thi, this is, fast but, certainly it’s fast but it’s tiring.」<br/>
Rondo-san also wiped his sweat.<br/>
「We have advanced really far but, it’s also amazing that we didn’t encounter any monsters until here.」<br/>
Ralph-san thrust his spear on the ground and looked around.<br/>
「Besides, looks like we hit the jackpot.」<br/>
Over there was an unnatural bulging on the wall──a rounded branches. It was a treasure box.<br/>
Naturally, we entered this room knowing there was such a thing inside. The Second explained full of confidence.<br/>
『For some reason, the treasure box’s content becomes better the deeper you go inside the dungeon. It seems like a method to invite people deeper and deeper, but something like that is unrelated with us. You just need to earn a profit from that.』<br/>
Zelphy-san walked forward and pried open the treasure box to give us an example. When we looked at the content, it’s filled with precious metal type items.<br/>
「It’s a ring. Furthermore it’s silver with a large gem attached. It will fetch several gold coins……no, perhaps it’ll be more than ten coins?」<br/>
We rejoiced knowing that our first treasure is worth quite much. Rondo-san and the others also high-fived.<br/>
Sophia-san let out a long sigh. She is relieved.<br/>
「I’m glad. I was a bit uneasy, what if there isn’t anything in it.」<br/>
However, Zelphy-san poured cold water on us.<br/>
「Don’t be happy with just this much. Think about how much money you have wasted. You guys are still in the red with just this much. A big red!」<br/>
The Fourth is laughing inside the Jewel.<br/>
『Certainly we’re in a terrible deficit, but it’s possible to make it up from here on. An area that other adventurers still haven’t entered……it’s enough for us to make a killing.』<br/>
The Second gave me instruction.<br/>
『Lyle, recover around forty until fifty percent of the treasure boxes in this area. Don’t take everything. Leave some for the others too.』<br/>
The Third is laughing.<br/>
『It will be interesting seeing them scrambling for those and having disputes between themselves. Now then, after resting go collect the treasures through the shortest route before returning. But you also have to prepare yourself for battle.』<br/>
On the map floating inside my head, red dots──monsters are moving around. By going through the shortest route and decreasing the number of battles to the utmost……we will enter battle three times at least.<br/>
I instructed everyone.<br/>
「We’ll avoid battle as much as possible and prioritize collecting treasure boxes. Even so, please be prepared to fight at least three times. Before that, let’s rest here.」<br/>
Rachel-san sat down on the spot.<br/>
「No objection. I’m tired from running.」<br/>
Sophia-san looked at me and seemed to want to say something. She has a hand axe hanging on her waist for battle in a narrow place. It seems she would fight using a hand axe when she couldn’t use her battle axe.<br/>
「What’s the matter?」<br/>
「I’m just thinking that Lyle-dono is finally showing motivation. Why didn’t you take action earlier than this?」<br/>
Because the ancestors had fun watching us. I can’t possibly say something like that, so I turned my gaze to Zelphy-san.<br/>
「It seems that someone was planning various things so I thought of gauging the true intention first.」<br/>
Zelphy-san sullenly looked aside. Sophia-san whispered into my ear.<br/>
「Was there something just as expected? She didn’t really tell us anything all this time. It’s too unnatural.」<br/>
The Third guessed what Zelphy-san’s thinking is.<br/>
『Perhaps she wanted Lyle and the others to experience failure. After all, a bitter memory will last for long. Well, this time the priority is to experience a dungeon subjugation, so the failure experience will be set aside for later.』<br/>
I don’t want such experience to be waiting for me. Or rather, what do you mean by telling us to fail.<br/>
「It feels like she was waiting for us to fail. Perhaps it’s something like how even failure will be a good experience.」<br/>
Sophia-san reached an understanding.<br/>
「Aah, that.」<br/>
Then, Zelphy-san’s face went red and she pointed at me while trembling.<br/>
「You over there, you’re noisy! If you get it then staying quiet and not saying it in front of the person is kindness!」<br/>
Inside the Jewel, the ancestors gave few words to Zelphy-san.<br/>
『Our bad, getting made fun of is the duty of the junior.』<br/>
『Haha~, Zelphy-chan is cute isn’t she?』<br/>
『It’s completely transparent. Do it in a more skillful way.』<br/>
『Sorry that we aren’t kind.』<br/>
『I don’t even feel like acting kind to an unsexy woman!』<br/>
『Putting aside the Sixth, it’s your bad that your defense is weak. Start from the beginning diligently.』<br/>
The ancestors are harsh to Zelphy-san.<br/>
Rondo-san and the others also laugh at Zelphy-san. Sophia-san and I also laugh seeing the embarrassed Zelphy-san.<br/>
Like that we finished our rest and stood up before resuming our movement.<br/>
.<br/>
「Wind Bullet!」<br/>
Rachel-san is being protected by Ralph-san at the corner of the passage while jumping out and launching magic. The monsters who waited over there in a group are flustered from suddenly getting attacked.<br/>
Ralph-san immediately rushed forward. We followed behind him.<br/>
「Look here, screw off you guysss!!」<br/>
He swung around his spear, catching multiple goblins and bug monsters in it, slashing and sending them flying. After Ralph-san’s wild brute force attack, Rondo-san unsheathed his sword and leaped forward.<br/>
The sword that is a magic tool played a sound that slightly echoed in the ear. It seems that it’s engraved with an Art that improved sharpness. Coupled with Rondo-san’s sword technique, the monsters are cut down in succession.<br/>
It’s surprising how he rushed between two goblins and cut them apart while passing them.<br/>
Zelphy-san is shocked seeing the three.<br/>
「This party is really into the offensive. You guys must get injured often right?」<br/>
Rondo-san wiped the blood that got caught on him and nodded in embarrassment before replying.<br/>
「You noticed? But, this is how we’ve done it all this time, so should I say that we have no other pattern or something.」<br/>
The Fifth is exasperated.<br/>
『It’ll be dangerous if they got ambushed. Add more people into your party.』<br/>
Everyone put away their weapons and when they were going to start harvesting the magic stones and materials, I’m the only one who tightly held my saber and looked deeper into the passage.<br/>
「……It’s coming. It’s the second battle right away but, it’s a bit bigger.」<br/>
A bug monster. Furthermore, seeing it running on the wall with its many legs feels really ghastly. It also has several eyes with drool trickling from its mouth.<br/>
It’s a spider with a size that is two, no, three meters in length.<br/>
It’s approaching this way with great momentum, so I rushed forward. The Second’s voice talked to me.<br/>
『Lyle, it’s a nice timing. Try using it.』<br/>
Hearing that I muttered the Art’s name. Field.<br/>
It feels like my field of vision expanded with me at the center……the spider’s movement is as clear as the back of my own hand. The spider is going to spit out something from its mouth. I moved to a position where it won’t hit──I dodged in a hair’s breadth and without pause my saber cut apart the leg’s joint.<br/>
<br/>
「So three legs are impossible.」<br/>
I cut through two of its legs while passing it by. The spider slid from the wall and collapsed. It then turned towards me. It seems that I made it angry.<br/>
Rondo-san and the others came running from behind the spider, and yet the spider seems to have fixed its target on me. Its mouth opened horizontally and made a threatening gesture while heading towards me. But, its movement is awkward because it lost its legs.<br/>
I jumped and stabbed with my saber. The saber pierced through the spider and stabbed into the ground.<br/>
The spider cannot stop its momentum and it spread its wound wider, ruining itself. It then collapsed and its body fluid scattered. And then it stopped moving.<br/>
The Third clapped his hands inside the Jewel.<br/>
『Lyle is really strong. I cannot imagine it because normally you’re too hopeless though.』<br/>
I wish he will praise me more honestly. Is it wrong for me to want that?<br/>
「Disgusting!」<br/>
Rachel-san looked at the spider and acted fearfully. Ralph-san laughed.<br/>
「What, it’s just a big spider.」<br/>
「I’m no good with spiders! Rondo, please, that thing’s harvesting──」<br/>
Sophia-san stepped forward.<br/>
「I’ll do it. Even so, what part can be sold?」<br/>
Zelphy-san shrugged and started teaching Sophia-san the way to harvest the material. I watched the surroundings alertly while taking back my saber and wiped the liquid stuck on it.<br/>
At the same time, I focused on checking the route in order to collect the next treasure box, the monsters’ movements, and then the movements of the adventurers moving inside the dungeon.<br/>
.<br/>
Evening.<br/>
On our way back we also rushed through the dungeon using a course without any monsters in it, so we were knackered when coming out from the dungeon.<br/>
But, everyone’s face is bright. We’re sweaty and knackered because the weight of the luggage on our backs is different from before. Even though the price of monster materials and magic stones will be beaten down, the contents of the treasure boxes……is a jackpot just as the Second said.<br/>
「Lyle, we did it!」<br/>
Ralph-san clapped my shoulder. He is in a really good mood. All his frustration until now has cleared up.<br/>
「Yes, let’s get back right away. Oops, we’ve to bring the magic stones and materials to the guild.」<br/>
I said that and headed towards the guild’s tent.<br/>
The magic stones and materials are bought cheaply, but everyone is feeling good and they are smiling even then. Like that we returned to our tent. There Novem and Aria-san are waiting.<br/>
The earnings this time are lined up on the table.<br/>
「Wait, this……just how hardworking were you guys!?」<br/>
It can’t be helped that Aria-san is surprised. After all most of the items could be called as treasures without doubt. Ring, necklace, there is even a lump of silver among them.<br/>
If there is an exception, it must be this gauntlet with its exquisite appearance. It’s quite large and a complete set for both hands.<br/>
Novem is happy seeing that.<br/>
「You did it Lyle-sama. If we can sell this in Dalien, it’s certain that it will fetch more than 50 gold coins.」<br/>
This is all that we got in a day. Can we recover the money we used up with this or not……it’s an unclear line. Even so this is still better because now we have hope.<br/>
And then, Rondo-san made a request to us.<br/>
「I’m sorry. Actually about this gauntlet……can we receive it in advance as our reward?」<br/>
I looked at Rondo-san. I think the large gauntlet will be too loose even for Rondo-san.<br/>
Rachel-san also joined her hands together and begged.<br/>
「I’m asking too! You have seen how this idiot is since some time ago, besides this guy doesn’t have any proper armor.」<br/>
Ralph-san started making a noise.<br/>
「Tha, that’s not it! I, it’s not like I want that thing or anything!」<br/>
I tried holding up the gauntlet. The Second fell into a bit of thought.<br/>
『It’s not even a magic tool, but its manufacturing is nicely done. If you sell it, it feels like it will be quite much. It also has decorations, there would be a lot of people who like it.』<br/>
I looked at Novem and the other members first. Then after they gave permission, I looked at Ralph-san and the others.<br/>
「It’s not a magic tool or armor that has mana but, if you are fine with that then…」<br/>
Then Rondo-san smiled. He turned towards Ralph-san.<br/>
「Ralph, that’s great. You said from before that you want an armor.」<br/>
Ralph-san scratched his hair shyly.<br/>
「My, my bad. The way I use money is wasteful, and my spear also broke often so things like armor is outside my grasp. Thanks a lot, Lyle.」<br/>
Seeing Ralph-san wearing the gauntlet joyfully made me happy too. He is delighted like a child.<br/>
Novem stood beside me and smiled seeing the three.<br/>
「They’re a party with a good relationship. Besides I think they have good prospects for the future.」<br/>
They’re specialized in offense based on what I saw form the battle inside the dungeon, but if their members increased then the way they fought will be more balanced.<br/>
「You’re right. We, too, also can’t lose.」<br/>
I said that and laughed slightly. Inside the tent, the gloomy atmosphere until now is blown away and the number of laughs increased.<br/>
Amidst that, I can hear the voice of small children calling from outside.<br/>
The Second said.<br/>
『Oh, they came. Lyle, we still have the sweets assortment right? Prepare it.』<br/>
I did as I’m told and went outside. There three small children are waiting.<br/>
「Err, what is it?」<br/>
A child with emotive eyes took a step forward as the three’s representative.<br/>
「E, excuse me! This evening, the adventurers were speaking. They said that the people here are getting carried away, so they’re going to give a greeting……」<br/>
When I tilted my head, the Fifth summarized it for me.<br/>
『They meant that Lyle is standing out and an eyesore, so they’ll come to pick a fight. I never thought that anyone will really come picking a fight. I thought they will do it in a more roundabout way.』<br/>
The Sixth is disappointed.<br/>
『Their level is low. ……Disappointing.』<br/>
I returned inside the tent and brought out a box filled with sweets. I handed it to the three. I also handed several bronze coins to the three’s leader.<br/>
「Thanks for the info. But, remember to not do anything rash, okay?」<br/>
The three received the sweets and left happily.<br/>
I pressed my hand on my forehead.<br/>
「……What to do? Will they come within today?」<br/>
I said those words toward the ancestors, but it’s Zelphy-san who replied.<br/>
「They will aim at time when there is few people. Even so, it’s unknown whether they’re just talking or they’re serious. It’ll be great if this is just those brats lying. ……Tomorrow it’s decided that Rachel will rest.」<br/>
A magician is important. Because of that, we made Novem and Rachel-san rest alternately.<br/>
「The rough looking Ralph will remain, in that case I also want Rondo to do the same. Well, the three of you will rest tomorrow. I’ll also rest, so tomorrow it will be the four of you who go into the dungeon.」<br/>
Making half of us rest? I felt doubtful but, perhaps it’s better for various things if Zelphy-san remained behind.<br/>
I absolutely have to participate in order for the party to use Arts. Because if I don’t then we won’t be able to earn profit effectively.<br/>
Zelphy-san wore her armor and went outside armed.<br/>
「Where are you going?」<br/>
Zelphy-san answered shortly to my question.<br/>
「The bar.」<br/>
She said that and vanished into the campsite that has turned dim.<br/>
.<br/>
──Zelphy came to the bar that Byron managed.<br/>
「Shit, that damn womanizer rookie!」<br/>
「He went crying to that bastard Hawkins!」<br/>
「Scattering around money to lick everyone’s boot. Annoying.」<br/>
The adventurers were gathered there in irritation towards Lyle’s group. Yesterday morning, Hawkins gathered the adventurers who entered the dungeon and warned them to protect the rules. It seemed to be effective. The rumor that Hawkins’s warning was because of Lyle’s request spread. The dissatisfaction naturally got directed to Lyle. But, in contrast to them, Lyle’s popularity in the campsite was high. That dissatisfied them further.<br/>
Zelphy arrived at that timing. Everyone made a shocked face while looking down. Everyone was an adventurer in Dalien, all of them were familiar with Zelphy’s face.<br/>
「What’s the matter big sis?」<br/>
Zelphy intentionally sat down violently and started talking after ordering alcohol.<br/>
「I came to drink and give a reminder while I’m at it.」<br/>
When the alcohol was brought to her, Zelphy wildly gulped it down in one breath and looked over everyone.<br/>
「Some idiots said that the rookies I’m looking after are getting cocky. In other words, are they calling me cocky by that?」<br/>
Everyone fell silent. Lyle’s instructor was the veteran Zelphy. Zelphy was more skilled and her career as an adventurer also longer than them. They seemed to recall that fact.<br/>
「……No, no one intended to say such thing. We’re just-」<br/>
「Just? What’re you going to say after that?」<br/>
When Zelphy showed a dangerous air, Dalel came with a refreshed look after getting out of bath.<br/>
He was only wearing short pants and a towel on his shoulder because of the hot weather. No matter what he only looked like a middle aged old man, even so he was an adventurer with an even longer career than Zelphy.<br/>
「Haha~, even taking a bath using a bucket feels good. The only problem is getting my naked body seen over and over I guess? ……By the guys.」<br/>
Dalel cackled loudly. Zelphy covered her face with her right hand to that.<br/>
「Dalel, can you shut up?」<br/>
Dalel sat beside Zelphy.<br/>
「Ain’t this fine. You’ve stayed quiet until now. It’s boorish to come here in panic to give a warning just because some guys picked a fight. Ah, miss, give me alcohol too.」<br/>
Dalel ordered alcohol, then he spoke admonishingly to the surrounding guys.<br/>
「You guys also get it with this right? It’s no good to threaten the surrounding bunch and make it harder to do the job yeah. Be more considerate to the surroundings. Besides, if you guys picked a fight with that “Womanizer” now, the whole camp will turn into your enemy.」<br/>
Dalel laughed, but the face of the adventurers turned bad hearing that the whole camp would turn into their enemy.<br/>
「……By the way, actually I’m also instructing some rookies. Those guys got quite good prospects going for them, but they’re strangely considerate to the surroundings. I can’t bear seeing them overdoing it with giving tributes to the guys around them. Pay attention to that a bit okay?」<br/>
The adventurers who received alcohol and food from Rex’s party turned their gaze from Dalel with a pale face.<br/>
「Then, let’s drink! ……By the way Zelphy missy, it’s good and all wearing your equipment to threaten but, I think it’s better to go to bath you know? ……You reek.」<br/>
「Shut up, this middle-aged old man!」<br/>
Zelphy came with the intention to warn everyone but, she ended up getting handled by Dalel like a rookie──<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 