<br/>
Chapter 31 – Subjugation Preparation<br/>
<br/>
I visited the mansion of the feudal lord Ventra Rodornia at Dalien early in the morning.<br/>
While feeling like an uninvited guest, I was guided into the mansion and waited for several minutes. Ventra-san appeared in front of me accompanied by his retainer.<br/>
「What’s the matter Lyle-dono, to come here this early in the morning?」<br/>
Ventra-san is small and short, and in a glance he looked like a kindhearted man. However, according to the ancestors, it seems his personality isn’t like his appearance.<br/>
In fact, since coming to Dalien I have seen that kind of side from him several times. When he punished Aria-san’s father and also when he sent me to the place that was devolving into a dispute between territories were also like that.<br/>
I stood up and apologize for my impoliteness. After finishing the greeting, I create a smiling face as refreshing as possible.<br/>
Of course, it’s the Sixth’s instruction.<br/>
『That’s right, smile. Listen Lyle, absolutely don’t let your smile crumble.』<br/>
I started negotiating with Ventra-san just as the high spirited Sixth instructed.<br/>
「Actually I heard that a labyrinth appeared. It seems that it hasn’t been long since it was born……I came here with a request to be allowed to join the subjugation by all means.」<br/>
Ventra-san scratched his cheek with his fingertip hearing my request.<br/>
「That’s, I don’t know what to say. Unfortunately, I already made a request to the adventurer guild, so I cannot meddle with it. Originally I should dispatch my knights and soldiers for this, but they had only just returned and it will be too severe if I send them out again. And so, if you really want to join the subjugation, talking to the guild──」<br/>
Ventra-san said that he cannot meddle with the guild’s policy because he had entrusted this to them.<br/>
Certainly that’s not wrong but, there is no way he cannot meddle at all. After all, this land belongs to Ventra-san after all.<br/>
The Sixth sounded like he is having fun.<br/>
『He wants to send us away because it’s troublesome. But……unfortunate! The Walt House is persistent just so you know!』<br/>
Is that a good thing? I whispered so inside my heart while showing a gesture as though I had just recalled something and opened my mouth.<br/>
「Even so, the dispatch to the Bagan House and the Maini House last time was really chilling. After all it would turn into a battlefield if there was even a single misstep. Haha~, it’s really great that no mistake happened.」<br/>
Ventra-san’s eyebrows twitched when I said that.<br/>
「The reward had been properly paid to you.」<br/>
I continue talking smilingly with hand and body gestures.<br/>
「The Bagan House is Ventra-san’s important dependent after all. We too were doing everything that we could for them. Can you tell me what happened after that?」<br/>
The retainer standing behind Ventra-san is glaring at me. But, I’m responding with a cheerful grin.<br/>
Honestly speaking, in my heart I want to go home right away.<br/>
Ventra-san sighed. And then, he sunk deeply into his sofa and looked at me.<br/>
「After that, perhaps they had changed their thinking slightly because a letter came. Well, even if it’s impossible to do it right away, they will surely do their best as my dependent in the future. Certainly, it was a result that surpassed my expectations.」<br/>
I nodded with a smile, and then Ventra-san gestured with his hand to sit down, so I sat on the sofa opposite of him.<br/>
Ventra-san made a slightly difficult look. He opened his mouth even while worrying.<br/>
「And, what is Lyle-dono’s objective? Are you really thinking to participate in the dungeon subjugation, or you want an extra reward……or perhaps, you have another thing in mind?」<br/>
Here I spoke honestly.<br/>
「No, I purely wish Ventra-san to give your recommendation for our participation in the dungeon subjugation. I don’t wish for anything more than that.」<br/>
Ventra-san made a puzzled face.<br/>
「Are you fine with that? Certainly you can aim for great fortune in a single stroke through dungeon subjugation, but the factor of luck plays a big role. I heard that there are also many dungeons which yielded results that weren’t worth the effort.」<br/>
Then the ancestors made a ruckus inside the Jewel.<br/>
『That’s a precious place where you can test your skill.』<br/>
『That’s right.』<br/>
『It’s great if it’s a dungeon where you can hit the jackpot though. It’ll become good practice for you either way.』<br/>
『If you find a dungeon, the first thing to do is to subjugate it, isn’t it?』<br/>
『You don’t get it. You don’t get it at all, this youngster!』<br/>
『If you are a man, then the first thing to do if there is a dungeon is to subjugate it. That’s how it is.』<br/>
The ancestors’ thinking is obviously different from Ventra-san.<br/>
I become curious and try asking.<br/>
「Ventra-san, you don’t feel happy when a dungeon is discovered?」<br/>
I have been thinking this from some time ago but, the ancestors who called me ignorant of the world, could it be that they themselves are actually far deviating from this world’s common sense? Then, Ventra-san covered his face with both hands.<br/>
「……I guess this means that Lyle-dono also comes from the Walt House.」<br/>
「Eh?」<br/>
When I’m looking bewildered, Ventra-san explained it to me apathetically.<br/>
「For many feudal lords, something a like dungeon is nothing but trouble. Certainly the treasure inside might be appealing, but it makes my head hurt when thinking just how much loss will result in order to obtain that. It’s not every time that we will be able to profit. And yet we also cannot just leave it alone. If a dungeon is born and discovered, it’s better to subjugate it rather than leaving it alone.」<br/>
After its birth, the dungeon will rampage if it’s left alone, the monsters that are increasing too much inside will rush outside. Several thousands, tens of thousands monsters will be released.<br/>
When that happened, small villages or cities will be completely swallowed. In the worse case even a country will perish.<br/>
There is a rumor that sometimes, a living thing that isn’t a monster called a divine beast will destroy a dungeon but……the reality of the situation is that a dungeon cannot be left alone expecting that something like that will occur.<br/>
「Is that how it is?」<br/>
Ventra-san strongly nodded at my words.<br/>
「That’s how it is! Well, I don’t understand how other houses think in their minds but, people who are only thinking of dungeon as interesting are surely in the minority.」<br/>
Hearing Ventra-san’s words, I grasped the Jewel with my fingertips. The ancestors were speaking really evasively in response.<br/>
『Tha, that’s strange. In my era it would be like a bit of festival merrymaking……』<br/>
『It’s not like it will be hard to subjugate it if the dungeon hasn’t been born for long.』<br/>
『If you want to earn an income, it’s not like you’ve to focus on just dungeons……』<br/>
『……So other houses have this kind of thinking.』<br/>
『They are lacking in romance.』<br/>
『Exactly.』<br/>
……As I thought it seemed that Walt House was in the category of absurdity from the view point of society in general.<br/>
Ventra-san continued his talk in front of me.<br/>
「Very well. Then, I will talk to the guild regarding your participation in the dungeon subjugation. But, I won’t give any more help than that whatever happens later. After all, this time it’s really the guild that is mainly taking care of it.」<br/>
I have a bit of doubt remaining about the sense of values of the ancestors, but for now I accomplished my objective, so I left Ventra-san’s mansion.<br/>
.<br/>
At the sweet shop that is like a hideout for men, Ciel.<br/>
I called two of my acquaintances there and proposed cooperation with each other for subjugating a dungeon while eating cake.<br/>
The two men──the swordsman Rondo and the spearman Ralph who I became acquainted with in Dalien were eating cake while listening to me.<br/>
Rondo-san is an agreeable young man with a refreshing atmosphere. He seems to be more interested in my talk rather than the cake. He washed down the sweetness inside his mouth with a slightly bitter tea and questioned me.<br/>
「I see. Certainly there’re five people in Lyle’s party. There’re three people in mine. If we group up together there’ll be eight people, that’s quite the number. But, is it really possible? You said that the particulars still haven’t been decided yet, and if we suddenly participate in this……」<br/>
In contrast to the worried Rondo-san, Ralph-san who loves sweets is eating his cake while giving a favorable opinion to my proposal.<br/>
「That’s nice. We won’t be able to join with just us, but we can if we cooperate. Rondo, I want to join. I wanted to experience a dungeon subjugation soon. Besides, this kind of chance won’t come again y’know.」<br/>
They are a three-man party. Other than the two of them, there is also the magician named Rachel. They have been acquaintances since coming to this Dalien.<br/>
Even after that, we would greet each other and chat when we met, and sometimes we would even sit on the same table like this. They are an adventurer party I’m on good terms with.<br/>
Rondo-san ponders for some time while drinking tea. Although it’s a party of just three people, Rondo-san is the leader.<br/>
It’s natural for Rondo-san to think about the future, whether they will participate or not.<br/>
I also express my opinion.<br/>
「Frankly, my biggest reason for doing this is simply wanting to participate this time rather than forcing ourselves to earn money. I think you can say that I want to obtain the achievement of participating in a dungeon subjugation.」<br/>
Ralph-san spoke with a disappointed look.<br/>
「What’s with that, be more greedy here. Even you must have to work harder somewhat in order to provide for those cute girls around you.」<br/>
I made a forced cough. I looked at Ralph-san with a fixed stare.<br/>
「Now see here, whether it’s Aria-san or Sophia-san, both of them aren’t my lovers or anything like that. It’s not like I’m taking care of all their necessities.」<br/>
Ralph-san was grinning widely.<br/>
「That’s fine if you say so. Rondo, more importantly what’ll we do?」<br/>
Rondo-san who was thinking about my proposal looked up briefly to the ceiling and folded his arms before straightening his posture, looking at me.<br/>
「We’ll participate. But, we have several conditions.」<br/>
「Naturally. So, what are the conditions?」<br/>
I also straightened myself and Rondo-san spoke several conditions.<br/>
「Thank you. First I want a firm promise that we’ll be able to participate. Without that it will be pointless even if we prepare. Also, I want to ask around what time the details will get decided. After that, simply allow us to participate in real battle inside the dungeon as much as possible during the subjugation. It will be frustrating if we’re only participating as guards for the luggage.」<br/>
When I nodded, Rondo-san smiled in relief.<br/>
「That’s good. Well, we won’t be able to plan when various things haven’t even been decided yet, and depending on the situation we’ll also have to consider about changing the plan. But, thank you for inviting us.」<br/>
Ralph-san clenched his fist and made a guts pose.<br/>
「Yosh! With this we are also one step closer to our dream.」<br/>
I looked at the two in puzzlement.<br/>
「Dream?」<br/>
Rondo-san looked embarrassed.<br/>
「Yeah, our dream, or perhaps our objective. We finally became adventurers. So we want to aim to become first class, and if possible we want to be successful in the free city Beim. I already told you that before but, that was my true feeling.」<br/>
Beim──the big city that is said to be the home of adventurers.<br/>
Ralph-san also agreed with Rondo-san.<br/>
「We will make achievements and gain fame. Right now we are losing even against Lyle but, one day we will gain more members and make a famous party.」<br/>
Saying that, the two stood up from their seats.<br/>
「Now then, I’ll tell about this talk to Rachel. Lyle-kun, I’ll leave the confirmation of the particulars to you.」<br/>
The two paid the bill and left the shop, then I ate the remaining cake. The Second talked about Rondo-san and Ralph-san.<br/>
『It’s good to have an objective. Lyle, you’ve made really good friends.』<br/>
I slightly opened my mouth.<br/>
「Are they my friends?」<br/>
The Second laughed.<br/>
『That’s right. They are positive, with good skills and also future prospects. Perhaps even if you leave Dalien, you might be reunited with them again in the future.』<br/>
Hearing that I remembered. Rondo-san and his party are preparing everything necessary as adventurers in Dalien and then what they would at the next place.<br/>
They would leave from Dalien.<br/>
When thinking that the parting is near, I remembered the First and my chest felt slightly pained. The Fourth seemed to notice and followed up.<br/>
『If you live then there will be a chance to meet them again someday. It’s not something to feel so down about.』<br/>
I nodded and ate the rest of the cake.<br/>
But, the word 「friend」 that the Second mentioned made me feel a bit embarrassed and happy.<br/>
.<br/>
Now then, I’m making use of today’s holiday to prepare various things but, I have to send the letter I received from Ventra-san to the guild.<br/>
「Ventra-san gave his permission, the problem of number is also resolved, is there anything left?」<br/>
I’m walking on a deserted street toward the guild while opening my mouth. A reply came back from inside the Jewel. It was the Third’s voice.<br/>
『Right now we’re lacking information, so I think you can just tell them that you’re participating. I think the news will be told to Zelphy too tomorrow. Haha~, I’m looking forward to it.』<br/>
I met with the local feudal lord and gathered comrades just for the sake of wanting to participate in a dungeon subjugation. When Zelphy-san learns the situation tomorrow, won’t she get enraged?<br/>
I’m thinking that I don’t want to get scolded while walking, then I saw Novem and the others shopping.<br/>
「Ah, Novem.」<br/>
When I called out, Novem turned around and waved her hands energetically. Her hand is carrying various baggage. Aria-san and Sophia-san are the same.<br/>
Then, the Fourth’s atmosphere changed completely from before. He spoke with a cautious voice.<br/>
『Lyle! The three of them are approaching. It seems they are just returning from shopping. Are you prepared?』<br/>
Prepared? I held back myself from tilting my head and rolled the Jewel with my fingertips. Then the Fourth shrieked.<br/>
My mana increased from my “Growth”, but it’ll still decrease rapidly when he yells like this so spare me.<br/>
『Preparation for praise! Praise the girls for their difference from the usual after finishing shopping! Listen well, you cannot let your guard down.』<br/>
While I’m thinking that it’s mysterious instead why he is this cautious, the Fifith laughed in ridicule towards the Fourth.<br/>
『Lyle, it’s the words of a hen-pecked husband. Listen to him.』<br/>
He told me to listen but, it sounded like he was making fun of him. Well, the Fifth rarely talked, so let’s ask him about the circumstance of that someday.<br/>
When I looked at the three, they are dressed differently than usual when we went out to hunt monsters. Novem isn’t wearing her coat, and Aria-san is also the same, they are exposing a lot of skin.<br/>
It’s only Sophia-san who hasn’t taken off her robe. In addition to her long skirt, she is wearing an outfit that doesn’t show skin. She isn’t carrying her battle axe, so it feels like there is something lacking somehow. It’s obvious that they’re different from usual.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, you went out today since the morning. Have you finished your business?」<br/>
I shook my head at Novem’s words.<br/>
「No, after this there are several places I’ll go to……the three of you, are you shopping today?」<br/>
Aria-san lifted her baggage.<br/>
「We’re buying daily necessities. Like clothes and other things. There is no way we’re just buying things like weapons or armor or tools.」<br/>
‘H~m’, the Fourth hummed in understanding with low voice.<br/>
『Lyle, first praise them for their look that is different from usual. That’s enough for this time.』<br/>
The Fourth commented, his atmosphere seemed to say that not much could be expected from me.<br/>
I scratched my cheek while,<br/>
「You three somehow look different from usual, it’s fresh. It might be because normally I can only look at the appearance of you three when going outside the city or after──finishing your bath, that might be the difference.」<br/>
When I told them that somehow they look different from usual, Aria-san twirled on the spot.<br/>
「I, is that so? It was a bit expensive you know, so I hesitated to buy it. Sophia’s clothes is also cute right?」<br/>
When I look at Sophia-san, she is fidgeting. She is wearing a long skirt and a shirt with some laces.<br/>
It’s different from her usual robed figure but, this outfit right now is also conveying her serious atmosphere.<br/>
「I think it suits you.」<br/>
「Tha, thank you very much!」<br/>
Sophia-san’s face turned red and she answered shyly.<br/>
And then when I looked at Novem last, she was smiling.<br/>
……I’m stumped, I don’t know what to praise about her.<br/>
Her outfit is like usual with her coat taken off. Is her shirt different, or perhaps her skirt……is it her shoes? But I feel like I’ve seen them before……I don’t know.<br/>
The Fourth advised me.<br/>
『Her hairstyle. Today the root of her side tail is braided.』<br/>
「Your hairstyle today also looks nice. It’s different from usual.」<br/>
Novem made a small smile.<br/>
「Thank you very much. That’s right, won’t Lyle-sama come eat together with us? The time is just right.」<br/>
It’s a good time for lunch. But, I had just eaten cake.<br/>
「Sorry. I had just eaten cake with Rondo-san and Ralph-san not long ago.」<br/>
Aria-san seemed disappointed.<br/>
「How nice, by cake you mean Ciel right? Right now we cannot enter there even if we want.」<br/>
It’s a shop that is like a hideout for men. The male customers would be troubled if woman visited. Aria-san is bothered by that. She is unable to show her face there despite it’s a shop where she was working at before.<br/>
I thought that it would be better if I bought them a souvenir from there while pointing at the direction of the guild.<br/>
「I have a bit of business at the guild so I’m going there. All of you, take care.」<br/>
I said that and left them, then I brought my feet towards the second floor of the guild.<br/>
.<br/>
──The three who parted from Lyle entered a reasonable restaurant for lunch after that.<br/>
There were many people because of the time. They finished their order amidst the bustling atmosphere and waited for the food to come.<br/>
Because Sophia was wearing clothing that exposed little of her skin, she was a bit sweaty. She wiped the sweat with a handkerchief while speaking what was on her mind.<br/>
「What kind of business could Lyle-dono have at the guild today? If there is work to be done, won’t it be better for us to help too?」<br/>
Aria who was gazing at the inside of the restaurant turned her gaze to Novem.<br/>
「Did Novem hear anything? Is Lyle going there to complain because we aren’t allowed to participate in the dungeon subjugation……well, it didn’t seem like he would do that though.」<br/>
Novem was sitting down with a straight posture and friendly grin.<br/>
「There isn’t really any work that needs to be doing, so I think it’s fine. And it seems we won’t be able to participate in the dungeon subjugation, but Lyle-sama didn’t look like he is that disappointed about it.」<br/>
Hearing that Sophia placed her finger on her lips and slightly looked down in thought.<br/>
「It has been on my mind since some time ago but, does Lyle-sama want to participate in the dungeon subjugation that much? No, it’s the truth that dungeon hold the possibility of obtaining great fortune, I have no intention to deny that but……it doesn’t look like Lyle-sama is that fixated on money……」<br/>
Aria argued with Sophia who wasn’t making herself quite clear.<br/>
「Is that so? At the territory problem last time too he asked something like “Give us the right to challenge the dungeon first!”, as reward. As expected, isn’t it because he’s a boy that he wants to participate? Or rather, I cannot understand the timing when Lyle is getting motivated. Usually he doesn’t seem motivated, but when he become serious like this, how should I say it, it’s kind of amazing somehow.」<br/>
Aria was unable to collect what she wanted to say and she felt chagrined that she was unable to convey her thoughts to the surroundings.<br/>
Sophia pondered.<br/>
(Is it as I thought, he wants to do dungeon subjugation too because it’s the tradition of the Walt House, something like that? Even so, he doesn’t seem like full of motivation despite trying to participate in it forcefully……what a strange person.)<br/>
From Sophia’s eyes, Lyle was ignorant of the world.<br/>
Sophia was also ignorant of the world, but Lyle was even worse than her. She knew that he was amazing when he got serious, but she was questioning the big difference compared to the usual Lyle.<br/>
Novem told the thinking Sophia.<br/>
「Well, even leaving aside about the Walt House and so on, dungeon subjugation is something important for an adventurer, it’s one of the big jobs an adventurer can accomplish. It’s to the degree that you can call dungeon subjugation to be the synonym of adventure.」<br/>
In many famous tales, the main character obtaining a legendary weapon or tool from dungeon subjugation was the standard.<br/>
There were young adventurers with longing to that, Novem must want to say that Lyle wasn’t an exception to that.<br/>
「It’s not rare for young nobles that cannot inherit their house to become adventurers and aim to get rich quick. Well, when speaking about getting rich quick most of the time it will be related to dungeons, so perhaps it can’t be helped to want to challenge a dungeon in order to climb to success.」<br/>
But, many young adventurers did reckless things chasing after that dream and lost their lives in dungeons. That was also a fact.<br/>
That was why, in Dalien the guild managed the subjugation and chose the adventurers who could participate. Few other places would the same as here for the subjugation.<br/>
Aria stretched herself.<br/>
「After becoming an adventurer it’s unexpectedly plain. Things like subjugating monsters that came out in the stories, or requests with high difficulty……in reality we cannot accept that kind of request even when they’re available.」<br/>
Lyle’s party that had no achievements or trust from the guild were still youngsters. Requests that were like the adventures in a story wouldn’t be assigned to them.<br/>
(No, unexpectedly it feels like we got many requests like that.)<br/>
Sophia recalled the events since she met Lyle and she got the feeling that they unexpectedly had gone through some adventures that young adventurers would imagine in their mind. But, even so, Lyle’s evaluation in Dalien was questionable.<br/>
He had no nickname that sounded heroic, so certainly it could be said that he was plain.<br/>
Novem smiled slightly.<br/>
「It’s fine. If we follow Lyle-sama, surely──」<br/>
「Sorry to make you wait!」<br/>
There, the waiter brought the dishes they ordered──<br/>
.<br/>
The next day.<br/>
What was waiting for us who gathered in the second floor of the guild was a call from Hawkins-san. We were led to the meeting room but, the atmosphere is bad.<br/>
Hawkins-san was looking troubled while pressing his head with his left hand. It made me feel apologetic to him.<br/>
As for Zelphy-san, she has been glaring at me this whole time.<br/>
Besides, there is also Rondo-san’s party here too. They are silently observing the situation.<br/>
Aria-san lightly tapped my elbow and demanded an explanation from me.<br/>
「Wait, what’s with this atmosphere?」<br/>
「No, well……I was making a bit of necessary arrangements.」<br/>
When I said that, Hawkins-san coughed.<br/>
「Ee~, there are things that I want to say but, first let me explain from the important matter. Lyle-kun’s party is approved to participate in the dungeon subjugation. At the same time, Rondo-san’s party is also allowed to participate in the shape of joining another party.」<br/>
Sophia-san stared fixedly at me after hearing that. While Rondo-san and the others are looking happy that their participation has been decided.<br/>
「Don’t tell me, the business in the guild that Lyle-dono mentioned yesterday was……」<br/>
I averted my gaze while nodding.<br/>
「……I asked Ventra-san to put in some words for our participation, then I requested the cooperation of Rondo-san’s party before visiting the guild.」<br/>
Novem is also looking at me in surprise. I feel bad for arranging this without telling them but, the inside of the Jewel is on the contrary to my feelings──<br/>
『Yosh! With this we only need the information later to prepare.』<br/>
『There is nothing impossible for us.』<br/>
『I wonder how much we’ll be able to earn.』<br/>
『It’ll be great if there isn’t any cute monsters there……』<br/>
『For the start, prepare food and weapons, there are a lot of things to do!』<br/>
『However, we’ve participated in this before as a feudal lords, but there is no guarantee that the subjugation method of an adventurer will be the same. Let’s confirm it with Zelphy thoroughly here. ……She doesn’t look enthusiastic though.』<br/>
Zelphy-san is trembling and glaring at me. It seems there is a need to ask her various things. Spare me from that.<br/>
Hawkins-san continued.<br/>
「There is additional information on the dungeon. As expected its scale is small. It appeared inside a forest with only one vast floor. For the type of monster, in the report it has been confirmed that there are goblins, orcs, and several varieties of insect types. It seems the change inside the dungeon is small. But, apparently there is frequent change and it’s necessary to be careful.」<br/>
The dungeon’s scale──it doesn’t refer to the wideness but to the number of floors. A dungeon with more than ten floors whether it extended to above or underground would be called medium scale. It would be treated as large scale if the number of floors surpassed fifty. The floors of the dungeon this time is one. No matter how wide it is, it’s scale is judged as small.<br/>
Also, the change inside the dungeon mustn’t be forgotten. A dungeon will change its insides so that it will be harder for people to conquer. The dungeon this time has little change in route or room, but it frequently caused changes so it’s necessary to pay attention.<br/>
Hawkins-san looked at the document while explaining in succession.<br/>
「This time the subjugation is completely under the control of the guild. Because of that, other than the rear support we’ll be also calling out to post exchange merchants too. Byron-san’s place has the guild license, so in case there are other post exchange merchants coming along, it’s not recommended to use their place too much. Well, many of the merchants are gathering in the other dungeon, so I don’t think there will be any more coming though.」<br/>
Zelphy-san made a displeased face hearing that. Post exchange merchants──they are people who come along with adventurers, mercenaries, or feudal lord’s armies to do business within the camp. It seems that kind of merchant will gather even without the guild doing anything, but it seems right now those merchants are completely focusing on the other dungeon. Speaking of the scale, the other dungeon is larger and it seems it will take a lot of time.<br/>
「So old man Byron will take control there.」<br/>
It seems Zelphy-san knew the person. From her attitude, it feels like the person will be someone problematic.<br/>
Hawkins-san warned Zelphy-san.<br/>
「Remember that in the end it’s the guild that is in control. Also, this time I’ll participate as the guild staff representative.」<br/>
Zelphy-san made a banter hearing that Hawkins-san will also participate.<br/>
「I think the scary faced boss is better suited as a receptionist though. Well, that’s a relieving news to hear for us though. The guild too, I wonder what they are thinking to dispatch boss there.」<br/>
Apparently Hawkins-san is being posted as a receptionist in order to pressure the adventurers as a deterrence against them. Perhaps Hawkins-san himself is bothered about it, he said 「I endeavored to be kind and polite though」 with a shrug.<br/>
「You can purchase weapons and the like even at the site, but please pay attention to the prize. Make thorough preparations beforehand. Also, regarding the treasure chest, the right to it will be given to the adventurer who obtains the chest. But, regarding the monster materials and magic stones, everything will be purchased by the guild. In addition, regarding the treasure at the deepest room, a portion of it will belong to the guild──」<br/>
According to what I heard, it seems the price of magic stones and materials will be beaten down to be cheaper than usual. They said that the reason is because of the special cost of the dungeon subjugation.<br/>
Ralph-san tilted his head.<br/>
「So you mean, the treasure will belong to the guy who finds it, while everything else will be purchased cheaper than usual?」<br/>
Ralph-san looked dissatisfied. Hawkins-san explained.<br/>
「In exchange, the guild will take care of the rear support. You won’t be troubled for the matter of food and other miscellaneous affairs. Please understand that the lower price is to cover for that cost.」<br/>
Because the guild will take care of the rear support, they also need compensation. Ralph-san fell into thought and nodded with understanding inside himself.<br/>
「Then, I’ll continue the explanation. About the departure, it’s planned to be in one week from now. It will take around two days to arrive at the site. The subjugation period is estimated to take around two weeks.」<br/>
Rondo-san is surprised hearing it would take two weeks.<br/>
「That’s a lot of time even though the scale is small isn’t it?」<br/>
Zelphy-san explained to Rondo-san.<br/>
「Setting up the campsite after arriving, and then securing water, securing the safety of the surroundings, and so on. There will be a lot of things to do. We don’t know how much time within those two weeks will be taken by those matters.」<br/>
It seems that we won’t immediately enter inside the dungeon right after arriving.<br/>
「There is quite some time before we depart.」<br/>
When I said that, Hawkins-san explained about that.<br/>
「Yes, actually there will be around fifty adventurers who will enter the dungeon, but the number of people acting as their rear support will be nearly two hundred until three hundred. Even one week is already us hurrying it.」<br/>
I couldn’t hide my surprise hearing that.<br/>
The Third is in admiration inside the Jewel.<br/>
『Hee, so they can gather that many people. Well, they can just gather people from among the adventurers after all. But, the rear support will be really substantial isn’t it?』<br/>
The Seventh seems to be curious about that too.<br/>
『If it’s in our case, the number will be fewer than that.』<br/>
It seems there is a difference between dungeon subjugation that is done by a feudal lord and by the guild.<br/>
Hawkins-san distributed some documents to us.<br/>
「Then, we’ve prepared the summary of the details in this document. Please confirm it.」<br/>
After distributing the papers, Hawkins-san said that he has work and quickly left the meeting room.<br/>
Rachel-san called to Novem.<br/>
「Thanks for this, Novem. Because of all of you we can also join the dungeon subjugation.」<br/>
「Ye, yes.」<br/>
There is a reason why Novem is smiling wryly. That’s because she can see Zelphy-san approaching me smilingly. However, Zelphy-san’s smile doesn’t reach her eyes.<br/>
「Lyle, can you explain to me? I told you no already right?」<br/>
When I turn my gaze around looking for help, everyone exited from the meeting room. Novem is brought along by Aria-san and Sophia-san to outside the room.<br/>
Rachel-san too, she is pushing Novem’s back to get out of the room.<br/>
At the end she looked at me and said 「Good luck」 with a smile.<br/>
I asked for help to the ancestors inside the Jewel, but the six people aren’t in a state for that.<br/>
『I can’t wait!』<br/>
『I can’t wait!』<br/>
『Let’s earn as much as possible!』<br/>
『As long as there is no cute monster then it doesn’t matter.』<br/>
『If only there will be a dragon in the deepest room.』<br/>
『I wish there will be a griffon at least.』<br/>
At the end everyone talked in unison──<br/>
『I’m really looking forward to it!』<br/>
──Like that and made a ruckus.<br/>
As for me, I got scolded by Zelphy-san and at the end I was even ordered to treat her to some food.<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 