<br/>
Chapter 39 – Adventurer’s Worth<br/>
<br/>
The morning of the thirteenth day.<br/>
Me, Rondo-san, Novem, Aria-san, Sophia-san……and then Zelphy-san, the six of us were staying the night in the dungeon. Everyone besides Zelphy-san emerged from the dungeon’s entrance with a tired face and looked up to the sky.<br/>
The unfamiliar environment was also terrible but, we were able to learn how difficult it is to stay a night inside a dungeon. Especially problematic is the shame and the emotional matter.<br/>
Zelphy-san rebuked us after seeing us like that.<br/>
「What’s this, how sloppy. It’s obvious that a human will let out what they ate. It’s great that you guys finally know the reality.」<br/>
Rondo-san is trying to think optimistically.<br/>
「Well, certainly. It’s an important matter, and above all else is the problem of resting in enemy territory. But, can I teach this to Rachel and Ralph……」<br/>
In short, it’s tiring. The unfamiliar environment also played a part but, the effort to secure safety inside a dungeon is just……haa.<br/>
While I’m fall into thought, the Fifth let out an exasperated voice.<br/>
『It might be embarrassing because you’re young, but humans are all the same on the inside. Even the things that they spill out on a battlefield is──』<br/>
He must be trying to teach me something, but right now spare me from that.<br/>
「Let’s sleep after returning to the tent. Let’s sleep like the dead.」<br/>
I said that and looked towards the campsite. There I saw Eva-san running towards us. Her face isn’t smiling like usual.<br/>
She looked anxious about something.<br/>
.<br/>
In front of the guild’s tent, the adventurers are gathering.<br/>
They aren’t challenging the dungeon right from the morning. They’re wearing their equipment while talking noisily to each other about something. Several adventurers who’re look completely exhausted are talking with Hawkins-san. A lot of people are surrounding them uneasily.<br/>
A male staff member rushed out from inside the tent bringing several guild cards.<br/>
「Hawkins-san!」<br/>
Hawkins-san wordlessly took the cards and checked them, then he tightly gripped the cards.<br/>
The ragged looking adventurers are squeezing out weak voices.<br/>
「When we tried to hurry back to report, we were attacked by monsters and one of us was done in. We somehow made it back but, it took time……besides, old man Dalel was on the other side of the door……we couldn’t save him!」<br/>
A big man is crying. But, no one is criticizing him.<br/>
Zelphy-san opened her eyes wide and roughly pushed aside the adventurers to come to the front. Hawkins-san looked at Zelphy-san and ushered her inside the tent.<br/>
Then, Zelphy-san called my name.<br/>
「Lyle, you come too.」<br/>
Then the Second said to me.<br/>
『Lyle, leave your luggage to Novem and the others and tell them to return to the tent. Make them prepare to depart and standby.』<br/>
Was it the Second’s instinct, or a decision from his experience? Anyway I followed his instructions. I entrusted my luggage to Novem.<br/>
「Novem, go back to the tent with everyone and standby there while preparing to depart again.」<br/>
Novem received the luggage and nodded.<br/>
「I understand.」<br/>
Rondo-san also returned to the tent with Novem and the rest. I then entered into the guild’s tent. There, the adventurers from Centralle are inside.<br/>
I cannot feel any motivation from them even in this situation. Have they been like this all the time?<br/>
Hawkins-san seemed to have just returned back here. He is checking paperwork and other things while still wearing his coat.<br/>
Santoa-san is trembling while looking around frequently. Zelphy-san is looking at such Santoa-san expressionlessly. No, I can sense that she is trying to hold down her emotion.<br/>
Hawkins-san finished reading the documents and concluded what had happened until now.<br/>
「A party that was scheduled to return yesterday evening didn’t return. And that matter wasn’t taken care of. And then Dalel-san brought several people with him to investigate but got caught into a trap at the deepest room.」<br/>
Santoa-san hugged herself and made excuses. Her voice is yelling.<br/>
「I, it’s not my fault! It’s their fault for not coming back! Besides, it’s not my fault that they went off on their own…….it’s not my fault!」<br/>
The Third sighed.<br/>
『You can just ignore this girl. She can’t keep up with the situation, or rather she is only concerned with protecting herself. It’s a waste of time to talk to her.』<br/>
Hawkins-san threw the guild cards on the table violently. He stayed silent for a while before slowly opening his mouth.<br/>
「Forgive me, I got emotional. Well then Zelphy-san, let’s organize a rescue squad──」<br/>
There, the leader of the adventurers from Centralle opened his mouth.<br/>
「There is no need for rescue. For this type of trap, the door won’t open unless the boss in the deepest room is defeated, or the fools get annihilated. From how much time has passed, it seems they’re unable to defeat the boss. In that case, we can just wait until they’re annihilated. More importantly, I ask you to subjugate the dungeon quickly. Send a party to do it.」<br/>
The Fifth seemed to notice something from seeing the attitude of the adventurers who came from Centralle.<br/>
『These guys, could it be that the purpose they were dispatched here from Centralle was as observers?』<br/>
According to the Fifth, surely no one wanted a dungeon to rampage near Centralle. He believed that they were dispatched to here was also for the role of supervising the subjugation.<br/>
That’s not a mistake.<br/>
「It will be intolerable if we stimulate the dungeon recklessly under the guise of rescue and cause it to rampage. The damage won’t just reach Dalien, but even until Centralle. Besides, it’s just around ten adventurers……there’s no problem even if they’re annihilated.」<br/>
It doesn’t matter even if adventurers die, just don’t stimulate the dungeon, he said. Zelphy-san’s clenched fist is trembling seeing that attitude.<br/>
Hawkins-san also looked like he wanted to say something, but it seems he would follow the opinion of these people from Centralle.<br/>
「My apologies, in Dalien we’re value the adventurers. Then, I’m thinking to leave the subjugation force to Zelphy-san. I think her strength is number one among the adventurers participating in this dungeon subjugation.」<br/>
The adventurers from Centralle looked at us without much interest. They’re unmotivated as usual, or perhaps they’re looking down on us……I can’t feel any vigor from them.<br/>
「That’s fine.」<br/>
They said that before leaving the tent.<br/>
Zelphy-san opened her mouth.<br/>
「Son of bitch-!!」<br/>
Surely those words were directed at them. From Zelphy-san’s perspective, an adventurer she is close with, that she even made a bet with him, is in danger. It must be vexing that she is unable to go help him.<br/>
Hawkins-san is also looking frustrated.<br/>
「……Zelphy-san, I apologize. And then, please lead the subjugation squad and conquer the deepest room.」<br/>
Hawkins-san too, he doesn’t tell her to save them. Zelphy-san nodded wordlessly and then she left from the tent.<br/>
I also followed her outside.<br/>
.<br/>
On our way back to our tent, Zelphy-san talks bit by bit about her memories with Dalel-san.<br/>
「He is an unpleasant old man. He made fun of me who was still a rookie, and then when we made a bet he always ripped me off……but, he trained me from a rookie until I could stand on my own. He was the one who taught the young and ignorant me the way to live as an adventurer.」<br/>
Her voice is a bit shaky.<br/>
「We argued with each other each time we met……. Perhaps that’s why, I couldn’t say thanks to him until now.」<br/>
For her, Dalel-san must be a person that is like Zelphy-san to us.<br/>
Zelphy-san said.<br/>
「I understand. The worth of an adventurer is the same like trash. We’re only considered low lives to defeat monsters and gather magic stones. Even our difference with bandits or mercenaries is vague, from the view of common people we’re just violent and unlikable people……but still, that old man Dalel is a good guy.」<br/>
Adventurer──in Bahnseim, no, in the world in general they are evaluated lowly. It’s just as Zelphy-san said, adventurers are hated.<br/>
Dalien is simply unique in its kind treatment, but from the view of other city’s people, it doesn’t matter to them whether an adventurer lives or dies. Rather, the reaction of the adventurers from Centralle might be the norm.<br/>
Zelphy-san turned towards me with a face that almost broke into tears. She forcefully smiled, but it’s painful to look at instead.<br/>
「Hey, Lyle……do you have any novel idea, or suddenly got motivated like usual? ……My bad, I was joking. Forget it. Good grief, even though I’m an instructor, that was pathetic.」<br/>
She asked me for help, and then said that it’s just a joke. Even Zelphy-san herself understood that they can’t be helped.<br/>
I tightly grasped the Jewel. I’m doing it almost unconsciously, but the words that came back from the ancestors are──<br/>
『It’s not impossible.』<br/>
『You know, those adventurers from Centralle……I don’t like them.』<br/>
『I want to give them a scare, or rather I want to make it clear who is the better one here.』<br/>
『I hate those bunches from Centralle. That’s why I’m also in favor.』<br/>
『Wanting to do it when being told don’t is human nature.』<br/>
『I hate adventurers so, those guys’ order is aggravating. And so, I completely agree with the rescue!』<br/>
──What to do, normally I’m greatly troubled when the ancestors are getting motivated, but only today it makes me happy.<br/>
The Second talked to me right away.<br/>
『It’s getting fun. Lyle, it’s better to hurry if we’re rescuing them. Bring only the minimum and challenge the dungeon with all your strength.』<br/>
I called out to Zelphy-san who is walking ahead.<br/>
「Zelphy-san, let’s bring only the minimum. And also bring things like medicine or bandages more than usual.」<br/>
Zelphy-san turned around and looked at me.<br/>
「Oi, no need to lie just to make me feel bet──」<br/>
I muttered inside my heart. 「Be confident, so confident to even trick myself」, and then I spoke boldly.<br/>
「Lie? How unexpected. I’m saying that we’ll save them. Those words aren’t a lie.」<br/>
The Sixth laughed seeing my bold declaration.<br/>
『Great job Lyle! You’ve gotten really used to it huh!』<br/>
What to do, I cannot honestly feel happy at the Sixth’s words.<br/>
.<br/>
When we returned to the tent, Novem and the others are all waiting fully prepared to depart.<br/>
Zelphy-san gave instructions to everyone.<br/>
「Reduce your luggage to the minimum. Bring medicine and things that seems necessary for treatment, and also the minimum rations and water. Even if we encounter monsters midway, we won’t fight as much as possible. We also won’t collect any treasure boxes.」<br/>
Then Rondo-san made a conflicted face.<br/>
「Zelphy-san, Eva-san heard the rumor just now and told it to us……wasn’t it decided, not to rescue them?」<br/>
Eva-san averted her face from Zelphy-san’s gaze.<br/>
Zelphy-san put her fingertip on her forehead.<br/>
「Elves are really……. Certainly that’s true. But you know, Lyle here said that we can do it. Then, let’s try gambling on it.」<br/>
She slapped my back and pushed me in front of everyone. I messed my hair while receiving everyone’s gazes, then I took a deep breath and straightened my posture.<br/>
The Fifth advised me.<br/>
『The problem is time. Explain the strategy while moving, and if possible I want you to fight with all your battle potential. After all we don’t know what kind of opponent is waiting.』<br/>
The Sixth continued.<br/>
『About the deepest room, if the trapped guys are still alive then it’s hard to imagine an extremely strong monster is inside. It must simply be quite troublesome. Besides, in my era, extremely strong monsters wouldn’t come out from this kinda trap.』<br/>
The other ancestors also agreed with that so we’ll surely be alright. In case there is an absurdly powerful monster──a boss there, then everyone should have been exterminated already.<br/>
「If there’s a problem, then it’s our fighting strength. We can’t rely on the support of another party because they aren’t used to traveling using my Arts. I want as much battle strength as possible, but if all of us go then this place will be completely empty. We can only ask someone else to watch this place for──」<br/>
Then Eva-san lifted her right hand.<br/>
「Yes, yes! I’ll watch this place. You all have taken care of me until now, and I was also able to hear various interesting stories too!」<br/>
Eva-san looked really energetic. It would be better to rely on her rather than other people but, seeing her this energetic also made me feel like she was scheming something.<br/>
Novem looked at Eva-san while saying.<br/>
「And for the reward, you want us to tell you the details of the rescue later?」<br/>
Eva-san nodded hard.<br/>
「No good?」<br/>
Then Zelphy-san nodded hesitantly.<br/>
「I’ll also try relying on boss Hawkins. I’ll ask one more person to watch this place together with Eva-san while we’re challenging the dungeon. He has to do that for us at least.」<br/>
With this we’re able to bring everyone into the dungeon.<br/>
The Second’s voice came from inside the Jewel.<br/>
『Lyle, it will be a race against time. After all the dungeon will rampage if you make a mistake.』<br/>
I tightly grasped the Jewel and closed my eyes before slowly opening them.<br/>
「Then, we’ll depart right away after preparing.」<br/>
.<br/>
We reduced our luggage to the minimum.<br/>
Especially me, I’m only bringing weapons without any other luggage. This is also based on the ancestor’s instructions.<br/>
The one who is carrying the most luggage is Sophia-san who has a weight manipulation Art. Even though she is carrying a terribly big luggage, it seems the only effect to her is that her movement is slightly limited by it.<br/>
Because of that, Rondo-san, Ralph-san and I, the vanguards also entrusted our luggage to her.<br/>
We can’t help but feel bad for Sophia-san while running through the passage inside the dungeon.<br/>
Ralph-san is also glancing at Sophia-san repeatedly with an apologetic look.<br/>
I’m listening to the strategy’s explanation from the ancestors in the middle of that.<br/>
『Now then, first is the basic premise. In order to save the trapped guys, the locked entrance──the door will have to be destroyed.』<br/>
The Seventh continued after the Second’s words.<br/>
『If you destroy the door, it’s possible the dungeon will rampage. This is the reason why Centralle’s adventurers wouldn’t let us carelessly save them.』<br/>
I’m running at the lead while judging and picking the route. The ancestors continued talking.<br/>
The Sixth spoke cheerfully.<br/>
『But, after you stimulate the dungeon, it will take some time until the rampage occurs. The dungeon won’t rampage right after you forcefully destroy its insides. Though it’s a fact that the dungeon will be stimulated.』<br/>
The Seventh touched upon the fundamentals of a dungeon.<br/>
『The treasure in the deepest room. If you can just take it, the dungeon will “wither”. There is no exception to it. Then, you only need to destroy the door, defeat the boss of the deepest room, and complete the dungeon subjugation before it begins to rampage.』<br/>
And the method to destroy the door──will we use Novem’s magic? This is a dungeon that appeared inside a forest. The walls are trees, and the ground is soil. I felt like if it’s Novem she will be able to do it.<br/>
After running for a while, I discovered monsters on the route inside the map in my head. We can’t take any further detours so we’ll have to break through the place where the monsters are.<br/>
When I unsheathed my two sabers, everyone readied their weapons but──<br/>
「I’ll do it myself. Everyone, please keep following behind like that.」<br/>
When we’re going through a straight path, there is an orc and two goblins there. The three are sitting in the middle of the passage. When they noticed us and stood up, I fired magic.<br/>
「Lightning Bullet」<br/>
The tip of my sabers pointed to a goblin each. Light crackled and then fired, attacking the goblins.<br/>
The scorched goblins opened their mouths and screamed while falling on the spot. I threw the saber in my right hand to the orc.<br/>
The saber stabbed into its neck. I approached and collected my saber by pulling it out in a way that widened the wound.<br/>
The orc collapsed while bleeding. Without pause I immediately started running.<br/>
The Third made fun of me.<br/>
『As expected after your growth, you seem to be fine even after using magic. Its power has also increased greatly.』<br/>
The Fourth seemed reluctant that we aren’t collecting the magic stones and materials. While I’m thinking that, the Fourth seemed to guess my thinking and sounded upset.<br/>
『Lyle, do you think that I’m just a cheapskate? Good grief, I completely understand that sometimes time is more precious than anything.』<br/>
It seems I was being rude to him.<br/>
『Well, if we obtain the treasure in the deepest room, mere magic stones and materials aren’t──』<br/>
I take it back. As I thought, the Fourth is the Fourth.<br/>
I sheathed my saber and kept rushing through the passage. Then the Second spoke to me.<br/>
『Lyle, rest for a bit. Even if you approach the deepest room, at this rate everyone will be completely tired and unable to fight.』<br/>
We might not make it in time. The Fifth seems to sense my feeling and said.<br/>
『Calm down. Even if you arrive at your destination, it won’t be a joke if everyone won’t be able to move there.』<br/>
Hearing that, I entered inside a suitable room to take some rest.<br/>
「We’re resting for a bit.」<br/>
After we entered a room without any monsters and stopped to rest, Rachel-san sat down while running out of breath.<br/>
Indeed, if we arrived at the destination like this and only took rest there, it would already be too late.<br/>
「So, sorry. My, stamina is……」<br/>
Rachel-san apologized. Ralph-san consoled her.<br/>
「It’s fine just rest. When you can’t go on anymore, I’ll carry you──」<br/>
「Should I carry you?」<br/>
The one who cut in like that is Sophia-san who is wiping her sweat. Aria-san asked her.<br/>
「You’re composed. Are you alright?」<br/>
Then Sophia-san nodded. She put down the heavy luggage there and rotated her shoulder.<br/>
「Even if it’s impossible to carry you on my back, I think it won’t be a problem if I carry you in my arms.」<br/>
Although she is able to use a weight manipulation Art, making a girl do something like that is……no, but this is an emergency situation.<br/>
Rachel-san laughed while I’m thinking that.<br/>
「I’ll rely on you when I can’t go on anymore. But, our destination isn’t that far anymore right?」<br/>
Certainly that’s true. It would be fast if we can advance through the shortest route, but if we do that then the problem is the encounters with monsters will increase.<br/>
We’re using a detour route, so it will be a bit more distance until we arrived.<br/>
The Sixth said to me.<br/>
『It won’t be long, tell them that. Don’t be foolishly honest and tell them that there is still some distance. The people around you are also under pressure. Pay attention to that when speaking.』<br/>
I decided to nod.<br/>
「Yes. We’ll take a bit of a detour to avoid monsters, but there is only a bit of distance left.」<br/>
Even while we’re doing this, the adventurers locked in the deepest room might be falling one by one.<br/>
There is also impatience from thinking that, but right now I decided to recover my stamina as much as possible.<br/>
.<br/>
──The deepest room.<br/>
Inside that place after a night passed, light was shining down from the gaps of the branches and leaves covering the ceiling.<br/>
The members of Sword Wings continued to move throughout the night, but when dawn came, three people were killed by the giant worm.<br/>
A magician was vomiting blood in pain within Rex’s arms.<br/>
「Oi, oi! Don’t die. If you die……if you die!」<br/>
Rex was crying. The mage laughed while talking.<br/>
「I, was living uselessly at home……I also couldn’t use magic satisfactorily and always got made fun of……that’s why, having you guys relying on me……made me happy.」<br/>
He was a fifth son of a noble who became an adventurer. He was a son of a mistress, and couldn’t even use magic well. The man who was always made fun of said that he was saved by his meeting with Rex and the others.<br/>
Like that the mage stopped breathing. Rex was crying. His sword had snapped and his shield was also dented.<br/>
Two warriors who were carrying large shields became the first victims. They acted recklessly to protect their comrades and got eaten.<br/>
After that, a lightly equipped comrade became a victim when he tried to lure the giant worm.<br/>
And then, right now the mage had fallen──<br/>
「……Stupid idiot. Don’t give up till the end」<br/>
Dalel who continued to fight at the front lines to protect them was also caught by the giant worm’s mouth. He was going to be swallowed exactly at this moment. His metal armor was smashed by the sharp teeth. Scraping sounds could be heard. The spear in his hand fell and its tip stabbed into the ground.<br/>
「Dalel-san!」<br/>
Dalel smiled in pain and then he got swallowed by the giant worm.<br/>
The remaining members turned pale from despair.<br/>
Rex regretted his careless action and then he gritted his teeth.<br/>
(It’s my fault……my fault!)<br/>
He gently placed the mage on the ground and gripped the handle of his broken sword. The giant worm swallowed Dalel and moved its head to decide which one would be its next prey. There Rex threw his broken sword.<br/>
The giant worm looked at Rex. No, it had no eyes so it was wrong to call it looking. It opened its large mouth and moved towards Rex.<br/>
Rex moved his tired body and started running. He also threw his shield away. The giant worm swallowed that shield and closed its mouth. He picked up the spear Dalel dropped at that chance and attacked the giant worm.<br/>
「Don’t screw around, this worm bastard!」<br/>
The giant worm’s body was covered with an oil-like liquid, making it slippery. Several wounds remaining on its body were the proof of Dalel’s attack.<br/>
However, Rex who wasn’t used to handling a spear was unable to wound the monster. He slipped and lost his balance. The giant worm attacked Rex at that timing.<br/>
「Rex!」<br/>
His comrade raised his voice and pushed him away. Then that comrade was preyed on by the giant worm.<br/>
Rex’s face distorted seeing his comrade screaming and being devoured.<br/>
「Why the hell did you save me huhh!」<br/>
When the sixth victim came out, the giant worm’s body shook and it dived into the ground. It had also done this rarely before.<br/>
It moved around underground for a while to scare them as though tormenting them.<br/>
Rex and the others were falling into terror again in the situation where it was unknown where they would be attacked from below.<br/>
「That’s why I told you not to do it!」<br/>
One member went mad and headed towards the door. He tried to cut the trees covering the door with his weapon to get out somehow.<br/>
Right after the trees got attacked and injured, they would regenerate, completely preventing anyone to leave. They also tried to burn it. They also tried to use an axe to chop the trees down.<br/>
But, everything was no good.<br/>
Then, the giant worm appeared from the ground near the entrance and swallowed that member before diving into the ground right away.<br/>
That was the seventh person.<br/>
The remaining survivors were only the supporter and a lightly equipped adventurer. The two went to Rex, but Rex let go of the spear and it fell down.<br/>
He then fell on his knees and shed tears.<br/>
「Shit-! Shit-! GOD DAMN IITTTT……」<br/>
Various memories surfaced in his mind. If only he could go back. If only he didn’t make the wrong decision.<br/>
……Then, the giant worm moving underground suddenly stopped moving.<br/>
「What?」<br/>
The lightly equipped man looked at the ground and muttered. Then the supporter took out a memo. He investigated the characteristic of worm type monsters from it.<br/>
「Worm type monsters will get slow when its stomach is full. Normally it won’t move for a while after swallowing one person though.」<br/>
Even enlarged it was still a worm. Then surely it was also full right now.<br/>
Rex laughed.<br/>
「What. So we’re just food huh……hahah, what was that about becoming first class adventurers. In the end I’m this wretched.」<br/>
Rex and the others sat down on the spot and stopped resisting──<br/>
.<br/>
We arrived at the entrance of what seemed to be the deepest room.<br/>
Everyone took their weapons and prepared to be able to fight anytime. Then Zelphy-san cut the trees blocking the entrance.<br/>
Seeing the trees immediately regenerating the cut, I guess that we won’t be able to enter using your average attack.<br/>
I gripped the Jewel.<br/>
Blowing it away with Novem’s magic, or burning it down.<br/>
I wanted to ask the opinion of the ancestors of which to do, then the Second──<br/>
『Yosh, Lyle! Use Oyaji’s weapon.』<br/>
──Ha?<br/>
I rolled the Jewel, asking for an explanation impatiently. After all, that silver great sword won’t obey me. Or rather, I can’t control it.<br/>
Furthermore, I’ll also faint after using it. I won’t be able to join the fight like that.<br/>
While I’m thinking that, the Fifth opened his mouth.<br/>
『That great sword cannot be used in battle, but it’s useful for this kind of time. Novem’s magic will be needed for the battle, so by process of elimination……there is only you.』<br/>
I rolled the jewel with my fingertips in rejection. The Sixth is laughing.<br/>
『If you don’t like it then keep hanging on your consciousness stubbornly. Well, even if you manage to keep being awake you won’t be useful in that state though.』<br/>
Please wait. I completely thought that we’re going to blow it away with Novem’s magic. And yet, this strategy is outside my expectations.<br/>
The Second said.<br/>
『It’s fine. Even without you, with this line-up they can defeat the boss. You brought all of them here for that.』<br/>
Eh? Could it be my role is only to open the door?<br/>
.<br/>
──Sophia was watching Lyle.<br/>
He seemed to be concentrating in front of the door while touching his heirloom pendant. He was deep in thought.<br/>
(He stopped moving right after we arrived. The door is closed means that the battle is still going on inside……is this to let us rest?)<br/>
When she looked towards everyone, as expected they all were slightly tired from running all this way.<br/>
Zelphy was looking at Lyle with a serious face, as for Novem she was simply waiting for Lyle’s words with complete trust.<br/>
(There is no way that he actually doesn’t have any plan after coming this far……is the door far more troublesome than expected?)<br/>
Sophia thought that, but Lyle didn’t show any sign of bewilderment. He was simply looking at the door and thinking.<br/>
Before long, he stopped rolling the blue gem of his pendant with his fingers and turned around to look at everyone.<br/>
「I’ll blow away this door. But, unfortunately it will use all my strength, so I don’t know if I’ll be able to join the fight. After I destroy the door, everyone please enter inside and fight.」<br/>
Then Novem suddenly became flustered. The composure from before couldn’t be seen.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, could it be you’ll use that? You mustn’t. You lost your consciousness when using it last time!」<br/>
A trump card that would make him faint. Everyone realized that Lyle had such thing.<br/>
(Is this door that troublesome he has to use that? But, in that case──)<br/>
Wouldn’t it be fine to blow it away with Novem’s magic? Sophia wanted to say that, but Novem offered herself first.<br/>
「Then, I’ll blow it away with magic. I can do it!」<br/>
But, Lyle immediately denied her. He also had a reason.<br/>
「No. It will be a boss fight inside. It’s possible we’ll need Novem’s magic there. Besides, in case the people inside are dying then I want you to heal them.」<br/>
Lyle tightly grasped the Jewel and tore it off from his neck. However, the chain of the Jewel entwined around his arm and then it changed shape.<br/>
(Amazing. Also pretty……)<br/>
Sophia was watching in fascination at Lyle’s weapon and also Lyle himself.<br/>
A silver great sword──no, a zanbatou that was as large as a person appeared──<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 