<br/>
Chapter 36 – Reversal Move<br/>
<br/>
「……Ha?」<br/>
Right now I’m astonished from hearing the ancestors’ plan to break through the current situation.<br/>
The Third tilted his head.<br/>
『Eh? You still haven’t noticed from the flow of events until now?』<br/>
I shook my head, then I racked my brain and spoke the strategy of the ancestors.<br/>
「What do you mean that rather than the dungeon, what I should conquer is the whole rear support instead? Err, we came here to conquer the dungeon right? Right-!?」<br/>
The Fifth sighed while looking at me, then he explained indifferently.<br/>
『That’s why, we will make the rear support to back up Lyle for that sake. Listen, you guys can fight because there are personnel supporting you properly from the back. Certainly the guys risking their lives to fight inside the dungeon are the stars, but that doesn’t mean you can make light of the rear support.』<br/>
The Sixth stroked his beard while,<br/>
『The adventurers challenging the dungeon, their quality is really low. The skilled guys are dealing with the other dungeon’s subjugation, and the guys here are only a gathering of the leftovers. They aren’t united, on top of that there are too many guys who don’t understand what’s important. Rather than currying favor to those kind of guys, don’t you think that it’s better to make the whole rear support into your ally?』<br/>
In order to have an easy time earning money──by making an environment where the adventurers could concentrate on subjugating the dungeon, what should be conquered wasn’t the dungeon’s inside, but the outside. That’s what the ancestors said.<br/>
The Fourth slightly pushed up his glasses with his index finger to fix its position, then the lenses glinted eerily.<br/>
『Now then, the information gathering is for this. The situation is just as we expected to a certain degree, but the problem is how much we can earn from the dungeon subjugation this time.』<br/>
The Second opened his mouth full of confidence.<br/>
『I guarantee it. My instinct is duller compared to my father, but I believe it’s sharper compared to other people. If I have to say more, based on my experience, I think the dungeon this time……is a jackpot. It will be profitable. This dungeon will be profitable for sure!』<br/>
Hearing the Second’s words, the Fourth nodded happily.<br/>
『That’s really great. With that it means that we can invest all our money into this.』<br/>
The Seventh was surprised that the cheapskate Fourth said that.<br/>
『It’s also feels uncomfortable that the Fourth isn’t being frugal like usual.』<br/>
The Fourth immediately objected.<br/>
『Please don’t misunderstand me. If I think that it will be profitable then I won’t be frugal in investing. To earn a lot sometimes you cannot be slow and steady. Investing a large amount of fund boldly is also important. Well, this amount cannot be said as large compared to my time as feudal lord though.』<br/>
The Fifth looked at me and taught me something with a small voice.<br/>
『Lyle, he said that but, the Fourth is a guy who loved counting gold coins one by one and putting them inside his vault. Even in the matter of using large money, if mama wasn’t there then he was a slow and steady bastard who absolutely wouldn’t carry out the plan.』<br/>
The Fifth calling his mother as mama seemed to be something that he was forced to do. And then, the Fourth was also unable to go against that “mama”.<br/>
Just what kind of amazing woman was she? Don’t tell me, it was that kind girl in Eva-san’s story? ……No way. The era was different. That girl was a person of an even older time.<br/>
The Fourth pointed at us.<br/>
『You there, you’re noisy! ……Now then, let’s decide what has to be prepared based on the fund that can be used at present. First, it’s food ingredients.』<br/>
The Third smiled.<br/>
『Sweets will be good too. I want some focus on the children and females.』<br/>
The Sixth was high-spirited.<br/>
『Alcohol! Let’s buy the whole barrel of it.』<br/>
The Fifth was calm.<br/>
『I also want some gold coins and silver coins to hire the elves.』<br/>
The Seventh folded his hands and leaned on the chair’s back.<br/>
『I think it will be more effective if contacting Hawkins is split into two times. In that case, let’s also hire the prostitutes. Alcohol, woman, food……those are the standard. Hmm, let’s also call out to the guys operating the stalls. You will incur their animosity if you leave them out while the others are earning money.』<br/>
While I’m unable to follow with the talk, the Second approached me and put his hand on my shoulder.<br/>
『Lyle, you come this way. I’ll teach you……the second stage of my Art. Also, you guys will take a rest from dungeon subjugation tomorrow and the day after it.』<br/>
I’m astonished hearing the Second’s words.<br/>
「……That’s, is it really okay?」<br/>
Even though we want to prioritize the dungeon subjugation, but we’re going to rest for three consecutive days from doing that essential dungeon subjugation……is this not mistaken?<br/>
The Second looked at me.<br/>
『What, are you worried? Don’t worry. It will absolutely go well. I’ll go ahead.』<br/>
The Second encouraged me like that──recently, I have the feeling that he is behaving especially cheerfully. When the Second headed to his room of memories, the Third looked at the door where the Second disappeared into.<br/>
『……Go over there. You see, the Second is really worried about Lyle. Because the First is gone, he forced himself to be lively to cheer you up.』<br/>
At first, the Second talked fewer. He was a silent man dressed like a hunter. Certainly compared to before it felt like he is forcing himself somewhat to increase the frequency of his talk.<br/>
I started walking towards the Second’s room of memories.<br/>
.<br/>
The Second’s room of memories is similar to the First’s room.<br/>
But, the scenery of the village is more well-ordered compared to the First’s era. The fields that were positioned messily are now arranged nicely.<br/>
While I’m walking and watching that scenery, I arrive at an open space. Over there several bows and arrows are prepared. They felt like they were habitually used.<br/>
The Second who is waiting for me beckoned with his hand.<br/>
『This way.』<br/>
I headed to the Second’s position in a run, then the Second put his hand on his waist and started teaching me his Art.<br/>
『Now then, regarding my Art, basically my Art is “to make other people become able to use Arts”. Bluntly speaking, other people say that the extra capability of the Art is more amazing but, the Art itself is useful in its own way.』<br/>
The Second’s Art is relatively plain. It’s something to make other people become able to use the user’s Arts.<br/>
But, what’s amazing about it is its side effect that causes the user to be able to accurately perceive the distance between him and the target in order to apply the Art to other people. The user will be able to grasp the situation within a spherical shaped area that is centered around themselves.<br/>
If I have to say, using this Art I can grasp the situation within the range of a spherical area around me even with my eyes closed. Even having an eye at the back of your head cannot be compared with it.<br/>
The name of such Art is All.<br/>
「When it becomes the second stage it will become more amazing won’t it?」<br/>
『Well, that’s right. It’s plain compared to Lyle’s Art though.』<br/>
The Second looked at me and made a really conflicted face.<br/>
Yes, my Art……the name appeared clearly after my Growth experience.<br/>
Its name is Experience──it’s an Art that makes me able to obtain more experience. But, even if I’m told that I can obtain that experience a lot more, how great the effect is, and how far the effect reached? I don’t understand them clearly except for some vague idea.<br/>
It’s continually active, and I understand that its effect is exerted to the surroundings including me but……it’s unclear whether its effect is small or big.<br/>
Because of that, even after the name became clear and I understood the effect, I’m unable to keenly feel its benefits like the Arts of the ancestors.<br/>
The ancestors said that it seems to be “an Art in order to advance even further”. It’s an Art of growth enhancement that is really hard to describe.<br/>
「Even if I’m told that it’s extraordinary, I don’t even know how much effect it has. And, about the Second’s Art?」<br/>
The Second scratched his cheek with his finger. He looks a bit embarrassed, or perhaps shy.<br/>
『In my case, there isn’t that much change even in its second stage. But, the distance where you grasp the space increased, and you can make a group become able to use Arts all at once. Also, you will be able to understand the condition of the enemy and ally within the space somehow.』<br/>
「Somehow? That’s really vague.」<br/>
『That’s~, it’s faster to experience it rather than hearing an explanation. Well, the way to use it is the same like the first stage. Try to make your field of vision wider……no, try to grasp your surroundings until farther away. The Art’s name is Field.』<br/>
I closed my eyes just like I’m told and used the Second’s Art All. After that I tried to look even further ahead……to grasp the surrounding until far away and whispered the name.<br/>
「Field.」<br/>
I felt the spherical space around me widening. The space is spreading to fully envelop the open space where the Second and I are standing.<br/>
When I closed my eyes, it felt like I can listen to my heartbeat.<br/>
And then, the Second felt like a lump of mana to me……I’m able to clearly grasp that he isn’t human.<br/>
Even with my eyes closed I can understand that the Second is smiling.<br/>
『So you get it? That’s how it is. Even so, you learned it really quickly. Oyaji also said it but, Lyle……you’re amazing.』<br/>
When I opened my eyes, the Second is smiling just as I thought. I felt strangely embarrassed.<br/>
「Is, that so? I don’t understand it myself.」<br/>
The Second made a face that looked troubled but also happy.<br/>
『You can stand to be a bit more confident though. Now then, let’s talk about the continuation of before. The reason why I taught you the second stage at this time, and then the reason why we told you to take a day off for two days.』<br/>
I lent my ears towards the Second’s words. What kind of reason necessitated us to take a day off for two more days?<br/>
『It’s simple. Within the remaining two days, you’ll use one day to teach everyone so they can use the Fourth’s Art, Speed using my Art just now. Then you all will use that to rush inside the dungeon until the middle area in one go. You’ll make a killing there.』<br/>
This time, the scale of the dungeon is small but its size is quite wide. It’s considered to be difficult to reach the deepest room within one day, and the location of the deepest room itself is also unknown.<br/>
And so, it was decided that the conquering policy was to do it slowly with all adventurers needing to come back every day.<br/>
It seemed the reason this policy was taken was also because there was no party with the strength that was able to conquer the labyrinth in one go.<br/>
「Err, then what about the remaining one day?」<br/>
『That’s obvious. You will carry out the maneuvering to win over the guys in charge of the rear support. Well, although I said that but what you’re going to do is only procuring food and gathering manpower.』<br/>
I sighed.<br/>
『What? You don’t want to do it?』<br/>
「Ah, that’s not it. Even though we gathered here to subjugate a dungeon, we’re getting in the way of each other instead. This is really different from my imagination.」<br/>
Even though a large scale group is gathered like this because it’s impossible to subjugate the dungeon individually, they are sabotaging each other instead. And then, I’m also going to do the same thing after this.<br/>
I cannot accept it emotionally no matter what.<br/>
「I won’t ask them to get along better with each other but, it’ll be great if they can at least follow the rules.」<br/>
Then the Second told me a certain sentence.<br/>
He looked at the tranquil village while looking somewhat sad.<br/>
『Lyle……humans always fight, no matter when, where, who, no matter what kind of situation it is, and no matter what kind of reason they have. We’re that kind of creature.』<br/>
I expressed my impression honestly.<br/>
「That’s, sad somehow.」<br/>
The Second made a small smile.<br/>
『Yeah, you’re right. But you better remember it. Well, this might be mere consolation but, perhaps it’s exactly because of that that people who can achieve something in groups look excessively noble.』<br/>
The Second looked embarrassed while saying 「As I thought forget what I said just now. I’m not suited to saying that.」 and sent me out from the room of memories.<br/>
.<br/>
When I opened my eyes, it’s already evening.<br/>
Aria-san and others already returned, while Rondo-san’s party is also preparing the campfire and other things before it became dark.<br/>
「Achieving something with a group is noble, is it.」<br/>
I muttered that. Inside the tent, Eva-san is hugging a pillow sleepily. It seems she was also taking a nap like me.<br/>
「Fue? Wha, what?」<br/>
From how she is wiping her mouth, perhaps she was drooling. What should I say here…….<br/>
「I’m just talking to myself. Eva-san, you’re going to stay over today too aren’t you? Let’s have dinner together.」<br/>
Eva-san showed a bright grin while her hair is slightly disheveled. It’s not the alluring adult smile that she showed on the day when we first met, but a smile that looked like a child.<br/>
「Plea~se. Ah, I won’t accept it for free. I’ll also sing today, and tell stories and show performance too──」<br/>
She spoke that far, so I asked her to please do so.<br/>
「Then please do. But, this time it will be a bit large-scale, so I’ll pay you the compensation.」<br/>
Hearing the word compensation, Eva-san’s eyes opened wide and she smiled. She joined her hands together in front of her face.<br/>
「I’ll listen to what you have to say!」<br/>
Her expression kept changing frequently. She is a person whose emotion easily came to the surface. I smiled wryly while calling out to Novem who is outside.<br/>
.<br/>
Night.<br/>
We are surrounding the campfire near the tent. Everyone who heard what I said is completely silent.<br/>
Ralph-san’s mouth was wide open. Rachel-san spilled her tea and she panicked.<br/>
Eva-san is looking at me with an excited gaze.<br/>
Zelphy-san is covering her face with her left hand. Aria-san and Sophia-san looked at each other, while Novem is the only one who looked at me and nodded.<br/>
Rondo-san asked me in representation of everyone.<br/>
「Err, in other words……we won’t enter the dungeon for a while and act to win over the rear support group, that’s what you’re saying?」<br/>
I nodded.<br/>
「Yes. At this rate we won’t be able to earn money no matter what. In that case, I think we should make one last gamble. At this rate we will only end up participating in the dungeon subjugation without obtaining any experience at all. That’s the only thing that I can’t accept.」<br/>
I recalled what the ancestors said and used that as the reason for my comrades.<br/>
Ralph-san stood up.<br/>
「Bu, but. Certainly that’s gonna be amazing if we can do that. It’ll be amazing but……where will we get the money for that huh? Besides, I can’t even imagine it but there is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain that much money to replace the investment. Rather than us, it’ll be you guys who……」<br/>
Ralph-san’s opinion is correct. And then, he is concerned for us. Depending on our method, it feels like we’ll be able to obtain results even with less work. However, this matter is already decided……no, it’s settled already.<br/>
The ancestors inside the Jewel have moved and thought up a plan already. Those people are already high spirited.<br/>
Towards Ralph-san, the Third,<br/>
『This kid, his appearance is like a bandit or delinquent but, he is kind. He’s a good kid.』<br/>
Evaluating him like that. Certainly, from a glance Ralph-san’s appearance is scary but, he is really kind in a lot of cases.<br/>
I turned my gaze to Novem. Novem nodded and took out several leather bags. Those bags are filled with a lot of golden coins……she placed them on the table.<br/>
「This is the reward we received from the feudal lord’s request. We’ll use this to pull the whole rear support group to our side. It’s fine, my instincts……it tells me that if it’s this dungeon then we can make even.」<br/>
I told everyone confidently with a feeling like I’m tricking even myself.<br/>
「We can’t let go of this chance. Failure is still better rather than simply passing time idly! So? Will you all cooperate with my strategy?」<br/>
Rondo-san suddenly laughed. Everyone looked at Rondo-san in surprise.<br/>
Ralph-san called to him worriedly.<br/>
「Rondo? Are you going crazy?」<br/>
「No, I’m not. I’m sane here. But, to think that I’ll do something crazy while being sane……Lyle-kun is really interesting. Okay. I’ll cooperate with this plan. Certainly at this rate we will obtain nothing, then there will be no meaning going through that much trouble to participate in this dungeon subjugation. Besides, I want to give a scare to those guys breaking the rules inside the dungeon……no, I want to pay back those guys who kept hindering us.」<br/>
He spoke in a really bold way unlike his usual impression of a good young man. When he said that he want to pay back the guys he didn’t like, Ralph-san also nodded. Rachel-san’s cheeks reddened seeing Rondo-san who is different from usual.<br/>
I looked at Rondo-san and smiled.<br/>
「That’s great. Then let’s start.」<br/>
Then, Zelphy-san seemed unable to hold herself back anymore and put a stop to it.<br/>
「Wait a second, Lyle. As expected even if you use that much money, the prospect of you being able to break even is──」<br/>
I looked back towards Zelphy-san.<br/>
「I think there is some kind of reason that Zelphy-san was staying quiet but, if that’s the case then please just keep watching till the end. Zelphy-san, it’s not like I’m planning to cross a dangerous bridge. Rather, what I’m going to do is to strengthen the bridge into a solid stone bridge, and then reinforce it further to confirm our safety. An adventurer must not be adventurous, isn’t that right?」<br/>
Yes, we’re going to act in order to enhance the rear support and create a situation that is advantageous for ourselves.<br/>
Zelphy-san closed her mouth, after that she complained 「Damn kid showing motivation only at this kind of time」 but she didn’t have any intention to stop us anymore.<br/>
「Now then, let’s move flashily starting from tomorrow.」<br/>
.<br/>
The next day, we who have decided the division of roles went around from early in the morning carrying out our respective roles.<br/>
Early in the morning……the first thing I did is calling out to Hawkins-san in the middle of his breakfast.<br/>
I sat down near Hawkins-san and also started eating breakfast.<br/>
「Oh, what’s the matter Lyle-kun?」<br/>
「Hawkins-san, as I thought the meal here isn’t popular isn’t it? I understand that the cook is doing his best but, the ingredients are bad and he can’t help it……」<br/>
Hawkins-san smiled bitterly.<br/>
「That’s painful to hear. But, it’s a fact that the guild couldn’t secure enough ingredients because of the suddenness of this matter. Let me apologize for this.」<br/>
I switched the topic.<br/>
「Actually we’re going to hold a little party. Will Hawkins-san come too?」<br/>
Then Hawkins-san’s expression turned grave.<br/>
「I’ll consider it as just a simple invitation. That kind of conduct towards a guild staff isn’t recommended. Please be careful from now on. Also, you can talk to me if there is something. Even without you currying favor with me, I’ll do it if it’s within the range of my job.」<br/>
Surprisingly I got scolded. The Third is also greatly happy with this.<br/>
『As expected from our Hawkins-kun! He’s a man who won’t accept any bribe, what’s more he’ll do his job properly! As expected! ……Compared to him that Santoa-chan…』<br/>
The Fifth muttered.<br/>
『I want someone like him as a subordinate.』<br/>
The Sixth looked balking.<br/>
『Is that so? I think someone who is too serious is boring.』<br/>
The Fifth immediately talked back to the Sixth.<br/>
『Someone serious like Hawkins is just right for a delinquent like you.』<br/>
I apologized to Hawkins-san while consulting about the matter of Santoa-san.<br/>
「I apologize, that was rude of me. Actually I got hated by Santoa-san. It’s troubling that she always moves my turn for last, that’s why I wished to ask if Hawkins-san can perhaps say something to her.」<br/>
Then Hawkins-san rubbed the corner of his eyes and apologized.<br/>
「That’s……that’s a blunder from our side. I will properly warn her. Actually I want to do the reception work myself but, the other staff are also busy so……I’m sorry.」<br/>
After that we chatted for a bit before I parted from Hawkins-san. At the end.<br/>
「Ah, also about the party, please come if you feel like it.」<br/>
I said that with a smile. Hawkins-san made a troubled smile at that.<br/>
.<br/>
The next place I’m going to is the place of the post exchange merchant Byron-jiisan.<br/>
I met up with Aria-san, Zelphy-san, and Sophia-san who had gone to talk with the cook beforehand and confirmed the situation.<br/>
「How is it going?」<br/>
Aria-san made a peace sign and answered full of confidence.<br/>
「Big success! He said that he will do it if we can prepare the material. He also said that he doesn’t need any additional pay.」<br/>
Sophia-san gave her report seriously.<br/>
「He looked really aggravated. Well, the person himself has done his best after all……」<br/>
I nodded in satisfaction hearing that and headed to Byron-san’s place with the four of us. Zelphy-san looked reluctant.<br/>
Byron-jiisan is opening his stall near a large wagon. When we approached him, he rubbed his hands together while greeting us with a smile.<br/>
「Welcome. Oh, so you finally showed your face here. Now then, what kind of business──」<br/>
I didn’t let him speak to finish and placed a leather bag that is filled with gold coins on the counter in front of Byron-jiisan.<br/>
「……Dear customer, what do you wish to buy?」<br/>
「I want various things. First I want to procure various kinds of spices and flavoring and a great amount of ingredients. I want an amount that will be enough for all the people participating in the dungeon subjugation until it is over.」<br/>
Byron-jiisan’s gaze turned sharp and he fixed his hat.<br/>
「Oh dear, that’s really generous. If you wish to improve the food conditions, I can call out to the people manning the stalls──」<br/>
「I’m using them through a different channel. I want you to hand the necessary ingredients to the cook. After that, this is the advance payment. I still have several more bags like this.」<br/>
Byron-jiisan fell into thought. Before long he formed a smile which became a slightly scary smile at the end.<br/>
「The stock I have at hand won’t even last three days. I’ll replenish it later but, is there anything else that you need?」<br/>
「Then can you give me some candies? It will be great if you can give me candies that are filled with various things and can be divided to smaller portion. I’m thinking to distribute them. Also I’ll buy alcohol, the whole barrel of it. I’m thinking to treat everyone.」<br/>
The rubbing of Byron-jiisan’s hands are getting faster.<br/>
「Great purchase! Is there anything else?」<br/>
「I also want to hire the prostitutes as helpers. Well, for around two days? I’ll hire all of them but, will there be a problem?」<br/>
Byron-jiisan’s expression became conflicted hearing this.<br/>
「There are also some girls who have frequent customer, so for this one it will depend individually on them. But, I think you’ll be able to hire most of them. However, you will need three or four more bags like this for that though?」<br/>
I nodded with a smile.<br/>
「Very good. It’s just as I expected.」<br/>
Byron-jiisan looked at me and cleared his throat.<br/>
「No, I’m sorry. I still haven’t calculated everything in detail. So perhaps the price might be a bit more──」<br/>
The Fourth raised his voice inside the Jewel here.<br/>
『Okay, no lying. We already learned the price of the merchandises that are sold here, and also the normal price of buying them. There is no way the price will change that greatly in just a few days. Don’t allow him to rip you off further than this.』<br/>
I brought my face closer to Byron-ojiisan.<br/>
「I already asked my friend about the price of the merchandise here. Even if the price has changed somewhat……don’t tell me that you will need more money than this?」<br/>
Byron-jiisan’s expression twisted and he cursed at me.<br/>
「What, so you already investigated it from the start. Or perhaps it’s a hint from Zelphy?」<br/>
Zelphy-san denied it in irritation.<br/>
「You think I’ll remember every single price of the items at your place huh! It’s this guy who’s strange.」<br/>
Zelphy-san called me strange. I think that’s a bit terrible.<br/>
「What will you do? This shouldn’t be bad business for you too. Am I wrong? Or perhaps, you want to try raising the price? That’s fine. I received quite a lot as reward from Ventra-san after all.」<br/>
I showed an attitude that it’s fine if that’s what he’s going to do. I also mentioned the name of the feudal lord Ventra-san. If I made it sound like I’m personally acquainted with the feudal lord, it will become quite the threat.<br/>
Byron-jiisan shrugged.<br/>
「Of course I’ll comply with the transaction. I’m a merchant after all. Anyway, I’ll go to the cook’s place and confirm various things. Also, even if I hand him the ingredients it will be meaningless if there is no tools to cook them. I’ll charge for those too.」<br/>
Byron-jiisan’s business spirit was deserving respect in some way.<br/>
「Please take care of it. Tell me the price later.」<br/>
Byron-jiisan said 「You too, prepare the money properly」 before going to the cook’s place immediately. He left without delay.<br/>
.<br/>
──Eva was pulling Novem’s hand and came to the tent where the elf entertainers were staying at.<br/>
They who were used to travel were also used to living in a tent unlike the others.<br/>
A female elf who noticed Eva waved her hand.<br/>
「What, you threw in the towel already and came to seek help from us? The princess of Nihil is lacking in guts.」<br/>
She teased Eva with a smile.<br/>
Eva who was teased wasn’t bothered with it. Far from that, she responded to the woman with a haughty attitude.<br/>
「My, is it alright for you to say that to me? Even though I came here bringing a customer.」<br/>
‘Ohohoho’, Eva laughed dramatically. The woman bowed her head to her.<br/>
「As expected from the princess. So you’re bringing work to us with that negotiation skill! I’m relieved that you aren’t just a freeloader!」<br/>
「Wait! What do you mean by freeloader!」<br/>
Eva stopped her cheap acting and complained to the woman. Then several elves came out from the tent.<br/>
「A customer?」<br/>
Novem bowed beautifully to the elves. And then she made a work request to the elves.<br/>
(So Eva-san is Nihil’s princess……a blood relative of its chief. That’s why……)<br/>
Novem guessed Eva’s circumstance in her heart while opening her mouth.<br/>
「Actually there is something that I wish to request from everyone. Our leader will hold a lavish banquet, so I want to ask everyone to advertise it and display your performance in that banquet. This will be the reward.」<br/>
Saying that, Novem showed a small bag that was filled with gold coins. The male elf who was the representative accepted it and his eyes turned round.<br/>
Behind him a female elf said 「Wow, amazing」 and whistled.<br/>
「This much? But, we cannot accept this much money for a day’s work──」<br/>
「It’s not for one day’s work. After the banquet I wish for everyone to indirectly advertise that it’s our leader who improved the food condition. Also, it will be great if everyone can exaggerate it somewhat.」<br/>
What Lyle sought from the elves was a circulation of a rumor. The elves nodded after being told to indirectly spread the rumor──the fact while they were doing their performance.<br/>
It wasn’t like they were told to cause misfortune to someone. If it was just that much then it was an easy work for the elves.<br/>
「Understood. We will do everything we can. By the way, what kind of person is the leader?」<br/>
Novem was a bit troubled by the question from the elf’s representative.<br/>
(Overly dramatizing this won’t be good, but I also want to make the rumor to be a bit proper here.)<br/>
While Novem was troubled thinking about Lyle, Eva raised her hand. Furthermore she looked really excited.<br/>
「I was staying with them for these several days so I know him! It’s amazing, he is a guy that is like a main character in a story! And yet he is also able to prepare the story’s punch line. He’s a man who can do all roles from main character role until comedian role! A human like Lyle is really rare.」<br/>
Hearing that the elves got excited. The representative asked Eva for details. The eyes of the elves were gleaming brightly from being able to hear a story that sounded interesting.<br/>
「Yosh, then let’s hear the details. Information is also important for doing the work after all. Now, let’s hear it inside the tent! Oi, someone prepare tea and snacks. Now, you too! This is an important matter in order to do the work well after all!」<br/>
「Ye, yes.」<br/>
Novem was pressured by the passion of the elves and got dragged into the tent.<br/>
(What to do? The elves are getting this fired up……I hope it won’t become a problem.)<br/>
Novem vanished into the tent while feeling bewildered. After that, she wasn’t let go until evening──<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 