<br/>
Chapter 41 –The End of the Instructional Period<br/>
<br/>
──After Lyle and Rondo’s group subjugated the dungeon, guild staff and adventurers entered from outside.<br/>
A wagon was prepared. The great amount of discovered rare metal was put on it and transported outside.<br/>
Hawkins who entered inside looked at the giant worm lying on the ground. He made a pained expression. He found something shiny from inside the worm’s stomach and collected it carefully.<br/>
There were seven guild cards there. There was a scratch on all the name columns. It told him that their owners had died.<br/>
Hawkins tightly grasped the guild cards.<br/>
「I thought that it would be alright this time.」<br/>
In fact, only parties with some amount of strength were chosen for the dungeon subjugation. Even though the skilled adventurers were in the middle of subjugating other dungeons, the guild had managed to gather quite the number of members.<br/>
It was going well until midway. However, eight people died at the end. It pained Hawkins’s heart.<br/>
Zelphy approached such Hawkins.<br/>
「Boss Hawkins, I want to talk with you about some things.」<br/>
Hawkins turned to Zelphy and nodded.<br/>
「It’s a fact that you all acted recklessly. But, it’s also a fact that you saved three fellow adventurers. I will make the report to the upper brass. But, a part of the treasure might be taken by the guild with some reason they make up.」<br/>
The demand for rare metal was high. It was to the degree that the supply was insufficient. Because of that, the guild would want the treasure desperately.<br/>
The guild would turn a blind eye to the actions of Lyle’s group, in exchange they would obtain some rare metal.<br/>
「If this matter can be settled with that then that’s fine. Also, I can’t do this anymore. I’m going to retire.」<br/>
Hawkins was a bit surprised.<br/>
「Zelphy-san, it’s not like Zelphy-san has to take responsibility──」<br/>
Zelphy didn’t look injured at a glance, but she talked about retirement. Hawkins came to a hasty conclusion that she wanted to retire as a form of taking responsibility, but Zelphy shook her head saying that wasn’t the case.<br/>
「That’s not it. Just, it feels like I’m completely spent that I can’t go on anymore. My self-confidence to keep going has run out, it feels like there isn’t any meaning to it.」<br/>
Hawkins listened to Zelphy’s words and thought.<br/>
(It will be hard if a veteran adventurer retired but, Zelphy-san also has her own life.)<br/>
「I understand. I’ll report about this matter too then. But, in regards to the feudal lord」<br/>
Zelphy was an adventurer that was connected to the feudal lord Ventra. Because of that the feudal lord’s permission would be needed even if she was going to retire.<br/>
「Of course, I’ll talk to him myself.」<br/>
The adventurers were stripping off materials from the giant worm and took out the magic stone inside it. As expected from a boss, the magic stone’s radiance was strong. It size was also as big as the fist of an adult.<br/>
Amidst that, what stood out was Lyle as expected.<br/>
「He has really……grown up splendidly.」<br/>
Hawkins said that with a wry smile because Lyle was unconscious while being carried by Sophia who was also carrying a large luggage on her back.<br/>
Even though he had done something amazing, the finishing was just sloppy.<br/>
Zelphy was laughing.<br/>
「He is my prided disciple. If that guy becomes famous I’ll also be able to act high and mighty. After all, I’ll be able to claim that it’s me who trained Lyle and his group.」<br/>
They made jokes while returning to the dismantling work.<br/>
Hawkins confirmed that everyone had gotten out of the dungeon and exited last. Then the entrance that was made from twisted trees rapidly withered. The dungeon returned to being a normal forest.<br/>
(Now then, I’ll have to report to them too.)<br/>
Hawkins thought that while heading to the place of the adventurers who came from Centralle──<br/>
–<br/>
──Inside the tent that was conspicuously extravagant at the campsite.<br/>
Hawkins reported about the result of the dungeon subjugation there. The adventurers who came from Centralle scowled at the reckless actions of Lyle, but that was all.<br/>
「That is the result of the subjugation this time.」<br/>
The man who was the leader nodded slightly and said to Hawkins.<br/>
「Good work. You can leave.」<br/>
A condescending way of speaking and haughty attitude. But, Hawkins left the tent without getting angry. It was at that timing.<br/>
「……With this we can return to Centralle before that person comes.」<br/>
Hawkins listened something slightly concerning when he exited the tent. However, he had a mountain of work remaining. He returned to his work rather than thinking about the adventurer’s words──<br/>
.<br/>
The dungeon subjugation has finished and we returned to Dalien after so long.<br/>
What is waiting for us there are various procedures.<br/>
We’re criticized for acting recklessly and it’s decided that twenty percent of the treasure will be submitted to the guild. After that, the guild also insisted to buy the remaining amount with the price getting beaten down by thirty percent.<br/>
The amount of money is considerable, but I can’t accept it no matter what. I think that the guild is also responsible for the matter this time. I faced the small desk that the inn provided and read various documents alone.<br/>
「……Err, all the treasures from the treasure boxes are sold, and then the reward for Rondo-san’s group in goods are a gauntlet, a ring, and then rare metal……」<br/>
That we obtained huge success was also because of the cooperation of Rondo-san’s group. I thought that it’s fine even if I add something extra to their reward. I talked about it to Novem, Aria-san, and Sophia-san too. Zelphy-san might be busy because she didn’t come when we were talking.<br/>
While dealing with various things like this, the Fourth who is good with this kind of paperwork is teaching me in detail. No, is he angry?<br/>
『Lyle. There are various cases at this kind of time. Selling them separately is also good but, you can also sell them altogether and use that as an excuse to raise the price somewhat. Ah, of course you mustn’t forget to categorize each item. Depending on the situation, it will be easier to walk around carrying treasure rather than gold coin. Think of securing it by yourself too──』<br/>
His advice is too many that it felt annoying. Come to think of it, we have a peridot which is our most valuable treasure.<br/>
I put it on the table before folding my arms and thought.<br/>
「More importantly, what should we do with this? There are also merchants who want to buy it. There is also talk of putting it on auction. Rondo-san’s party said that because we had splurged extravagantly, we should be the ones having this but……」<br/>
I lifted the yellow-green magic ore with my hand and said that. Then the Fourth recalled something and yelled.<br/>
『Well, first you need to investigate about──wait, AAAAAA!!』<br/>
「Wha, what is it?」<br/>
I stood up from the chair in surprise, then the Fourth spoke Aria-san’s name.<br/>
『Lyle, have you invited Aria properly? We couldn’t check the situation for a while after the dungeon subjugation but, during that time have you given her some kind of present or gone out together with her!?』<br/>
Hearing that I tried recalling it, but I was tired after the dungeon subjugation and couldn’t move for two days in which I was sleeping. During that time there was the dismantling work for the people around me, so I ended up simply going back.<br/>
But, I don’t have any recollection of doing anything for Aria-san.<br/>
「There isn’t anything like that.」<br/>
Then someone yelled. It wasn’t the Fourth but the Fifth. It’s too unexpected that the other ancestors are also surprised.<br/>
『Stupid idiot! Do something right away! Anything is fine. Give a present of a decent thing that you happen to have on hand, there must be various things!』<br/>
Hearing that I looked at the peridot on my hand.<br/>
「……The, then how about this?」<br/>
I intended that as a joke, but it’s troubling that the Fifth responded seriously to that.<br/>
『That’s overdoing it. Besides how expensive do you think that gem is? What’s more it’s peridot. Even if Aria will be happy with that, how will the surroundings think……』<br/>
I tilted my head.<br/>
「I heard that woman like gems though?」<br/>
The Fifth taught me about peridot.<br/>
『I don’t deny that. But, peridot, or rather gems each have their own meaning. It’s just like the language of flowers, peridot also has a meaning. Peridot’s meaning is so that husband and wife or family’s relationship can progress smoothly. How do you think Aria will perceive it? Even if she feels happy receiving it, have you considered what Novem and Sophia will think about it?』<br/>
The other party would be troubled if I presented them with a gem that had the price of several hundred gold coins. Or rather, if I gave this kind of thing only to Aria-san, it won’t be balanced with the others. That’s what the Fifth said.<br/>
「Balance is it?」<br/>
『That’s really important. Listen well, I’ll tell you one more time, this is a really important thing!』<br/>
Even though normally it’s the Fourth who is persistent about this kind of topic, the Fifth is also overly serious it’s scary. I held up the peridot to my eye’s height and stared at it.<br/>
「So even a gem has its own meaning.」<br/>
The Seventh talked last.<br/>
『Well of course. By the way, peridot is “the birthstone of the eighth month” so remember it.』<br/>
Thinking that this thing isn’t suitable as a present, I stored it into a leather bag.<br/>
「So it has to be a simple present like duranta. Is there anything here?」<br/>
I had gone to an outing together with Novem, then I handed a flower to Sophia-san. Now what should I give to Aria-san…….<br/>
While I’m thinking that, a knocking sound resounded. I replied and checked who it is. It’s actually Aria-san and I invited her in.<br/>
「What’s the matter?」<br/>
「Tha, that’s, it’s……about my reward, can you give it to me in advance? I know that not all the treasures have been sold, but I really need it……. I need four gold coins tomorrow. And, I also have one more request.」<br/>
Speaking of tomorrow, it’s the day when the contract with Zelphy-san will expire. No, more accurately it’s the day that Zelphy-san’s work is over and will get evaluated.<br/>
Aria-san continued her words.<br/>
「Zelphy, it looks like she will retire after her work coaching us is over. She said it’s because she will marry. So I want to give her something to congratulate her, but she said that she doesn’t need it……that’s why」<br/>
There are five grades to evaluate an adventurer’s work. However in reality only four grades are used. The greatest grade is B. The reason is because giving grade A will require the client to give an extra reward.<br/>
Grade A seldom appears.<br/>
In other words, Aria-san wants to give an A grade and pay the additional reward using her own money as substitute for a congratulatory gift. The guild will also take some percentage of that additional reward, even so the majority will definitely be paid to Zelphy-san.<br/>
The Third’s bright voice came from inside the Jewel.<br/>
『Mu! A chance is coming. You can do Aria-chan a favor here as a present for her.』<br/>
While I’m thinking that the Third’s way of thinking is horrible, the other ancestors seemed to have the same feeling as me.<br/>
『Something is wrong with you.』<br/>
『The worst.』<br/>
『That’s a terrible way of thinking.』<br/>
『Using calculation instead of good will here is……』<br/>
『I think that’s fitting for the black-hearted Third.』<br/>
The Third’s voice turned low.<br/>
『……I’ve no doubt that several of you are also thinking the same thing as me, isn’t that right? I think it’s more black-hearted to have that thinking while acting like a good person. What? You guys are going to criticize only me?』<br/>
‘Even you guys are the same’, the Third spoke in dissatisfaction.<br/>
Inside the Jewel, the atmosphere immediately turned into something like 「That’s just not done~」 towards the Third. But, here there is also no reason to turn down Aria-san’s idea.<br/>
There is none but…….<br/>
「Getting your share of reward in advance is not good.」<br/>
When I said that, Aria-san’s shoulders dropped in dejection.<br/>
「Please. Even if you reduce my share──」<br/>
「But, if everyone agrees to give grade A for the evaluation and pays the extra reward, then I’ll think about it.」<br/>
Aria-san lifted her face. I smiled at her and continued talking.<br/>
「Let’s talk to them about each person paying a gold coin. If it’s no good then Aria-san and I will pay two gold coins each for the extra reward, how about it?」<br/>
Aria-san looked happy.<br/>
「Thank you, Lyle!」<br/>
.<br/>
Aria-san returned to her own inn while I went outside to relax.<br/>
There is also how my eyes are tired from looking at nothing but paperwork, but more importantly I wanted to eat. While I’m thinking to search for a food stall, I happened to see someone I knew.<br/>
It’s Eva-san.<br/>
「Eh, Eva-san. How are you today?」<br/>
Eva-san looked around and saw me, then she ran at me and hugged me.<br/>
「Lyle, please help me!」<br/>
「……Ha?」<br/>
I don’t understand the situation. Then Eva-san separated from me and pressed her hand on her stomach. I heard her stomach making a rumbling sound cutely……not. I guessed her situation and so we entered into a random stall.<br/>
In the stall that had simple tables and chairs placed, I ordered several types of food and both of us ate them.<br/>
Eva-san is eating with a sparkling gaze.<br/>
「I’m saved. Geez, it was terrible because my expenses bloated up due to various things.」<br/>
「Eh? The reward I gave to Eva-san personally was quite much right? I paid quite the amount to Eva-san with reason like having you spread rumors or standing on the stage though?」<br/>
Eva-san averted her gaze while laughing.<br/>
「About that, you see. That’s right, but there were various necessities you know? Like the stage outfit or cosmetics……after I prepared various things, my money was gone.」<br/>
‘Tehe’, Eva-san poked at herself, and then she resumed eating. She is eating with gusto like the food is not enough.<br/>
After I ordered more, she took out a memo this time.<br/>
「Also, I heard that Lyle was making great achievements inside the dungeon but I was unable to hear about it from you yourself. I want to ask you about how you defeated the giant worm in more detail. Like when you entered into its stomach, what did you feel at that time, things like that.」<br/>
It seemed that this person is also an elf. She wished to listen to the story. I was sleeping on the last day, so she couldn’t ask about the story and felt disappointed it seemed.<br/>
「You can ask Novem and the others right?」<br/>
「That’s no good. No matter how I look at it the main character is Lyle. It’s fine, the parts where you got carried by a girl or held in a princess carry are pathetic, so I’ll cut them out for you.」<br/>
I averted my gaze and then laughed bitterly. I ended up talking about everything in exchange of her not circulating the story about my pathetic state.<br/>
When we finished eating, I finished talking about everything. Eva-san is in a good mood.<br/>
「Yosh, with this there isn’t anything more holding me back here.」<br/>
「Holding back? Are you going somewhere?」<br/>
「I’m thinking to travel to the west. A different troupe from before agreed to take me with them. But, I’ve the feeling that I’ll be able to meet with Lyle again. A fateful reunion, do you like that kind of thing?」<br/>
I’m thought that it would be great if we could meet again while I’m about to say sayonara to Eva-san…….<br/>
「Then, here I better say, let’s meet again.」<br/>
「Right. Lyle, let’s meet again.」<br/>
Eva-san winked and then left. The ancestors made fun of me. The Third is especially horrible.<br/>
『Even though you were flustered and completely showing your inexperience inside the dungeon, your treatment to girls has become really skillful now. Is this also thanks to Lyle’s Art──Experience I wonder?』<br/>
Experience, an Art that increases the experience I obtain. I don’t understand how much effect it has. With a voice that no one else could hear, I,<br/>
「It was really dangerous back there, so I was flustered. It’s because of the fault of some people who said that it’ll be alright at first and yet in the end said that they have never fought the monster before.」<br/>
I wish they would understand my feelings who got told ‘Leave it to us’ at first only to be forced into a dangerous battle at the end. While I’m thinking that, everyone reacted in puzzlement.<br/>
And then, they seemed to notice something. The Second explained to me as their representative.<br/>
『Lyle, certainly the dungeon was stimulated. But there should still be some time until it rampaged.』<br/>
「……Eh?」<br/>
『No, we were thinking that you were really flustered at that time, but it was actually a misunderstanding. At that time the dungeon was still alright. You would make it even if you defeated the giant worm slowly.』<br/>
……It seemed that I was misunderstanding and got anxious by myself.<br/>
The Fifth understands the reason of my impatience,<br/>
『Well, the atmosphere felt like that, so we also matched the mood with you.』<br/>
The ancestors matched the mood with me and acted like there was barely any time.<br/>
I abruptly felt embarrassed and covered my face with both hands. Even though I worked that hard, now I’m told that it would have been fine to do it normally. My feeling…….<br/>
「Then please tell me that.」<br/>
The Second laughed slightly and said.<br/>
『No, we didn’t think that you were misunderstanding. Isn’t it fine? After all you won. I honestly think it’s amazing that you could act to that extent on the spot.』<br/>
We won but, at the end I fainted and got carried by Sophia-san with a princess carry. I wish they would understand the feelings of me who got seen like that by everyone in the campsite.<br/>
So we could win even without me forcing myself……is that so…….<br/>
.<br/>
The next day.<br/>
We, who are heading towards the guild’s meeting room, evaluated the work of Zelphy-san under Hawkins-san’s observation.<br/>
A client has a duty to report the evaluation of the work they requested at the end. The reward would change depending on that.<br/>
「Then, the instructional period is over, so please write down the evaluation of Lyle-kun and everyone else into this form.」<br/>
Most adventurers are on the side of being evaluated, they are rarely on the side giving the evaluation. It’s because when adventurers cooperate with each other like how we joined hands with Rondo-san’s party, the mediation of the guild is rarely needed.<br/>
Having the guild mediating between parties would cost money as commission for the guild.<br/>
I looked at the faces of Novem, Sophia-san, and Aria-san. After everyone nodded, I wrote A on the evaluation column.<br/>
When Hawkins-san received the form, he smiled slightly.<br/>
「Grade A as an evaluation will result in an additional reward. All of you know that already right? At the very least you will have to add twenty percent extra.」<br/>
I nodded and paid twenty percent of the reward which is four gold coins.<br/>
Zelphy-san looked really conflicted and scratched her hair.<br/>
「……You should have just wrote B like normal.」<br/>
I looked at Zelphy-san and,<br/>
「We heard that Zelphy-san will retire. Besides, you will also marry……if you won’t receive anything as congratulations, then this way might be better. That’s what we’re thinking.」<br/>
Hawkins-san processed the form quietly without trying to cut in. Zelphy-san received two gold coins. The remaining two gold coins are taken as the guild’s share.<br/>
We said our gratitude to Zelphy-san.<br/>
「Thank you for everything until now.」<br/>
Novem also lowered her head,<br/>
「You have been a really great help. I believe that this evaluation is only appropriate.」<br/>
Sophia-san looked slightly troubled.<br/>
「I only joined from the middle but, that’s……thank you very much for your guidance. I have been a real bother……」<br/>
She must be referring to the beginning when she received the lowest evaluation of grade E which caused Zelphy-san to go all over the place to apologize.<br/>
Aria-san is about to open her mouth, but Zelphy-san doesn’t look at her and left the room.<br/>
「Zelphy……」<br/>
Hawkins-san spoke to Aria-san.<br/>
「Please go to her. I think that perhaps she doesn’t want her face right now to be seen.」<br/>
Aria-san listened to those words and rushed out from the room.<br/>
I talked to Hawkins-san.<br/>
「Hawkins-san, I also want to say something while we’re here……」<br/>
Hawkins-san quietly prepared the paperwork. That is the paperwork necessary when leaving Dalien to notify moving out. It’s also the paperwork necessary for the procedure to begin activity in another city.<br/>
「I know. After all, Lyle-kun and your group are in a unique position. I will feel really lonely but, I will be waiting in anticipation to hear about your achievements from here on.」<br/>
Hawkins-san has a frightening face and a muscular body. He is avoided at the reception desk, but his work is polite and is really friendly.<br/>
「It’s me who has been in your debt for various things since the day I registered here……thank you very much.」<br/>
.<br/>
──Zelphy hurriedly walked through the guild’s corridor.<br/>
Aria jumped at the back of the leaving Zelphy.<br/>
She pushed her face on Zelphy’s back and said her gratitude.<br/>
「Zelphy, I……our house became like that, which caused trouble for Zelphy……besides, I was also greatly in your debt. And yet, I couldn’t give anything back to you. Something like that was just lonely so I asked Lyle……」<br/>
Aria was crying. Zelphy wiped her tears and spoke. She talked to Aria with a trembling voice.<br/>
「I can’t say that it wasn’t hard. But, I too have lived quite a fulfilling life because of that. That’s why, please don’t apologize……Aria-ojousama.」<br/>
Zelphy turned towards Aria and hugged her.<br/>
「Actually, I wanted to take care of you more properly. But, I……I……」<br/>
It was the best she could do to just survive by herself. What she could do was only look after Aria from afar.<br/>
「Zelphy, thank you. I’m going to go together with Lyle.」<br/>
Zelphy nodded hearing that.<br/>
If she could speak her honest feeling, she wanted to stop her from accompanying Lyle. She wanted her to live a quiet life with her in Dalien.<br/>
But at the same time, she also noticed Aria’s talent.<br/>
(Aria-ojousama is far more talented than someone like me. Surely rather than getting locked up here, knowing the world outside will be……but)<br/>
She could feel relieved entrusting her to Lyle, but there was also anxiety in doing so.<br/>
「……If you fall out of love with Lyle, then please come back here anytime. I’ll ask the feudal lord so you can live here.」<br/>
Aria smiled while crying.<br/>
「Thank you. But, it’s fine. Zelphy, I’m fine so……sorry for everything until now. Also, thank you.」<br/>
Zelphy let out her voice and cried──<br/>
.<br/>
I filled the moving out notification, then I accepted the moving in notification. I also received the guild card that the guild kept. The moving in notification would be submitted along with the guild card when we moved to another guild.<br/>
I left the guild and went alone to a place.<br/>
Rondo-san and Ralph-san are waiting. I left my luggage with Novem and moved towards the sweets specialist shop Ciel.<br/>
I entered the shop that had a suspicious entrance so that male customer could visit easily. The girls wearing frilly and cute outfits called out 「Welcome」. Then after looking at my face, they guided me to the table of Rondo-san and Ralph-san.<br/>
They’re treating me as a regular customer.<br/>
「Oh, you came.」<br/>
Ralph-san is reading the menu while looking happy at my arrival. Rondo-san is smiling wryly.<br/>
「Sorry. Ralph said that he wanted to celebrate here no matter what.」<br/>
Ralph-san protested.<br/>
「Tomorrow we will gather with everyone and party it up at the bar, so today it’s fine to do it here! I want to conquer the whole menu here before leaving Dalien, if not I won’t be satisfied.」<br/>
I felt a slight pain in my chest hearing Ralph-san’s words.<br/>
「As I thought, you three will also leave Dalien then.」<br/>
When I said that while sitting on the chair, Rondo-san nodded. It seemed he had decided his plans.<br/>
「That’s right. This is a really good place, but if we’re going to aim at being first class then we have to advance forward.」<br/>
Ralph-san talked about their plans going forward.<br/>
「Actually, we’re thinking of going to Orlan. I made a spear with the rare metal Lyle shared with us. Rachel made a staff, while Rondo──」<br/>
「I had my sword reworked, and also asked this to be made at the same time.」<br/>
Rondo-san put his sword and a dagger with a similar appearance on the table.<br/>
「I don’t use a shield, so an Art for defense is engraved on it. Ralph’s spear is engraved with a Vanguard Type Art, while Rachel has several Rearguard Arts engraved on her staff. That’s why, we believe that we’re prepared.」<br/>
If I remember correctly, Zel-jiisan mentioned Orlan when I left my house. It should be a place where mercenary groups and adventurera gathered.<br/>
「Isn’t it a bit dangerous there? Besides, the number of your party」<br/>
Ralph-san explained to me.<br/>
「Well, normally that’s true. But you know, we have piled up some experience, and all of us has a magic tool of our own. As an adventurer party we are quite a good one like this yeah.」<br/>
Rondo-san continued.<br/>
「Orlan will have a better product line up of things like standard armor, so we will get them there. But, there is a large difference between having a magic tool or not. We’re thinking to gather party members there. At that place there is also the border, so knights and soldiers are focused there. There will be a lot of jobs for adventurers, so we’ll raise achievements there and gather more people.」<br/>
Their plan is different from us. That’s why, we’ll be bidding farewell here.<br/>
I’m thinking that, but Rondo-san smiled.<br/>
「Eventually we will aim to go to the free city Beim. Lyle-kun is also aiming there right? Then, it will be a race of who will reach there first and become first class.」<br/>
Hearing that I recalled. My target is becoming a first class adventurer, and the last objective of that is Beim.<br/>
「Rondo-san……yes. Let’s absolutely reunite again at Beim. Ralph-san too, it’s absolutely okay!」<br/>
Rondo-san nodded. Ralph-san teased me.<br/>
「Of course. But, Lyle……when we reunite, the number of your woman won’t increase even more won’t it?」<br/>
I denied that.<br/>
「No, there is no way I can accept only woman into the party! I’ll also recruit male comrades!」<br/>
Rondo-san laughed, and then he said to order the food because I’ve arrived. Like that, we got excited talking about our plans in the future and making stupid talk between fellow males.<br/>
.<br/>
Night.<br/>
I showed my face inside the Jewel.<br/>
The gazes of the six ancestors gathered on me. There I talked about the plan from here on.<br/>
「I’m thinking to go to Arumsaas. It’s a academy city and it also has a lot of dojos and private schools. I heard it’s also a convenient place to gather comrades.」<br/>
Based from what I researched, it seemed that it’s popular to recruit comrades in Arumsaas. Apparently a lot of adventurers there are polishing their technique while searching for a better party or a party that is convenient for them.<br/>
The Second looked surprised.<br/>
『I think it’s fine if you also head to Orlan with Rondo’s group though?』<br/>
The Third is also a bit surprised.<br/>
『Yeah. I remember Lyle saying something about going to Orlan. And they’re friends that you finally made.』<br/>
I can’t deny that. I was also invited to come to Orlan with them and I’ve thought about it.<br/>
「We have promised. To meet again at Beim. That’s why, I want to become even more stronger before that time I’ll reunite with Rondo-san and the others.」<br/>
There are a lot of mercenary groups and adventurers in Orlan. It seems there are also a lot of jobs to subjugate monsters there, but the merit of going to Arumsaas is also great. We’ll be able to learn the techniques as adventurers there. Furthermore, it will be something more advanced and special.<br/>
We have learned the basics in Dalien, but if we’re going to aim further ahead then I believe that kind of ability will be indispensable.<br/>
Also, it will be possible to search for comrades with that kind of ability there.<br/>
「Our method might be different but, the objective of me and Rondo-san is the same. That’s why, we will surely meet again.」<br/>
The Fourth looked a bit happy.<br/>
『Very impressive. Rather than going to Orlan following the flow, I respect Lyle’s current thinking more.』<br/>
The Fifth is also the same.<br/>
『Then, you’ll stop by at Centralle first before heading to Arumsaas from there huh. You will also have some leeway financially for a while, so perhaps this way will be better for Lyle and the others.』<br/>
Although they had earned money, Rondo-san’s party had spent too much money for their equipment. Besides, it seems they also planned to purchase armor at Orlan. Even if they will be fine for a while, they will have to prioritize working to gather money again.<br/>
We’re also the same but, we didn’t spend that much money to replace our armor and tools. Novem and Sophia-san have their heirloom staff and axe. Aria-san has her red Gem so she is unable to carry a magic tool.<br/>
I’m also the same. Even if I’m shopping, it would only be a good quality weapon at most. I want to learn a new skill and the like at Arumsaas while we still have some leeway.<br/>
The Sixth isn’t enthusiastic.<br/>
『Academy city huh, that kind of place has few playing places so it’s boring. Rethink it again Lyle.』<br/>
The Seventh is exasperated.<br/>
『The Sixth likes to play too much. However Lyle, you’ve become able to think about the future but, it’s for the sake of becoming a first class adventurer……I can’t welcome it so easily.』<br/>
It seems that a part of the Seventh is still unable to accept the fact of me becoming an adventurer as expected.<br/>
I’m slightly smiling at the conversation that is just like usual.<br/>
The First is gone and there is a lonely feeling. What would the First say if he was here?<br/>
I thought that while looking at the great sword floating above the round table.<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 