<br/>
Chapter 47 – Preparation<br/>
<br/>
In a shop that adventurers utilized.<br/>
I, who was talking with the owner there, asked him to prepare most of the things we needed.<br/>
With the existence of the underground dungeon here, there were several shops that sold all the necessary supplies to enter it.<br/>
「Two weeks for seven people’s share? How should I say it, this is unusual.」<br/>
Novem who was accompanying me tilted her head at the owner’s words.<br/>
「Unusual?」<br/>
「Yeah, you’re going to enter the dungeon right? I won’t think anything of it if you were going outside, but if you’re going to enter the dungeon with seven people, then even the longest would usually be only three or four days. It’s unusual to stay for two weeks in the dungeon with that number of people. You guys aren’t going to do anything reckless are you? I understand your feelings of wanting to rush because you are young but……」<br/>
I turned towards the worried shop owner and shook my head.<br/>
「No way. We finally got this chance to enter the dungeon, so we are thinking to get used to it using this chance, that’s all.」<br/>
The owner scratched his head with a worried look.<br/>
「That’s fine if that’s it but……you guys are paying customers, so I’ll prepare the items properly by the promised date. Get back safely you guys.」<br/>
Novem and I said our thanks and left the shop.<br/>
This shop was near the outer wall and the dust was terrible from the morning.<br/>
I covered my mouth and walked towards the next shop.<br/>
「Aria-san and Sophia-san are having tea with Miranda-san?」<br/>
Novem nodded in reply to my question.<br/>
「Yes. I turned down the invitation because I’m accompanying Lyle-sama, but it seems the three of them are getting along well. It’s because in the first place Miranda-san was close with Aria-san, and Aria-san right now is also close with Sophia-san.」<br/>
I tried speaking reservedly to Novem.<br/>
「Yo, you should also go have tea together with them.」<br/>
Then Novem shook her head.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, will you be able to go shopping by yourself? Just now you were also going to buy everything in one shop because the price was cheap.」<br/>
「……I’m sorry.」<br/>
「No, you don’t need to apologize to me. That, I’m saying that it’s better to do this with two people rather than just alone.」<br/>
Novem’s smile was really painful to look at.<br/>
There was a shop that put a sign at its storefront stating that they could provide everything at a cheap price, so we tried taking a look inside. The shop owner who was really welcoming and amiable recommended his products to us. When I was going to purchase exactly what he offered, Novem stopped me. When we inspected the merchandise really carefully, shockingly, although the food wasn’t rotten but they were in terrible condition. The amount was also few and even if we ordered the share of seven people, it would only be enough for six people or perhaps even five.<br/>
I almost got tricked there. The Third was provoking me.<br/>
『Lyle is unreliable, so Novem-chan can’t go have fun. I think you better think hard about this. You’re really unreliable Lyle~』<br/>
It was vexing but I couldn’t say anything back.<br/>
A lot of the shops that catered towards adventurers were located near the outer wall and guild, because of that we immediately arrived at the next destination.<br/>
We entered a narrow alley and found an entrance ahead of us. It was a shop that handled armor related goods and services.<br/>
When we were about to enter, a person who looked like an Academy student came out from it. The person was female and her face looked really tired. We heard her muttering when we passed by each other.<br/>
「Why was it a failure……haa, I’m barely scraping by this month too.」<br/>
I was curious at her words regarding failure, but we continued towards the shop.<br/>
The place was even more cramped than the shop at Dalien. Armors were lined up until the limit inside the cramped shop. A demi-human gnome who grew a moustache greeted us. He seemed to be the shop owner. He looks like a child with his short and slender body.<br/>
「Welcome.」<br/>
The owner was tidying up arrows that were lined up on the counter when we came in. His handling of the arrows was really careful. I was curious and asked him.<br/>
「What are those arrows?」<br/>
The owner’s hand stopped. And then he made a slightly troubled smile and answered.<br/>
「Aa, this is a burst arrow. It’s the so called magic arrow you see. Here, look at this arrowhead.」<br/>
When I looked closer, the material wasn’t metal but something like clay.<br/>
Novem seemed to notice something. She put her hands on her mouth in a bit of a surprise.<br/>
「This sparkling light, is it a magic stone? Does it have smashed magic stones kneaded into it?」<br/>
The owner looked at Novem in surprise. And then he became all smiles and started talking talkatively.<br/>
「So you get it! Yes, this thing has magic stones and other things kneaded into a special clay. But you see……originally this thing is created with the purpose to increase the power by generating fire or causing wind, but the products that are brought here are only failed creations. Though it’s given an exaggerated name like burst arrow.」<br/>
The owner took off one arrowhead and threw it towards some thick metal scraps some distance away. When the arrowhead hit the trash box that was sooty inside, there was an explosion sound *pon* and smoke came out. The Seventh was interested. The Second was also the same.<br/>
『Ho, how……amazing-! It’s problematic that it’s a bow and arrow but, if the arrowhead is gathered and explosive──』<br/>
『Stupid idiot! It’s great because it’s a bow and arrow! With this thing, a bow and arrow will be even more useful!』<br/>
The Seventh was interested in the explosion, but the Second was interested in the existence of magic arrows because his own weapon was a bow and arrow. The owner looked slightly dejected.<br/>
「As you can see, it explodes and that’s it. It’s quite strong but, it’s a dud.」<br/>
Novem was looking at the magic arrow seriously. My interest was also attracted to the magic arrow──burst arrow.<br/>
「But it’s amazing. Surely it would be useful if this arrow was gathered in a large amount.」<br/>
The owner explained the flaw of a burst arrow.<br/>
「I won’t recommend that. It’s a dud no matter how you look at it. The power is also not stable. Besides, transporting them is really troublesome. Normal arrows can be quickly shot consecutively. But, this thing will explode if the arrowheads collides with each other, and it will also explode from any strong impact. It will explode too if it becomes too hot. Anyway, it explodes too easily. It’s useful but it’s dangerous to bring them around in large amount.」<br/>
The Seventh and the Second were disappointed.<br/>
『What, so it cannot be manufactured huh. However, if the way to make it is understood……』<br/>
『Who is going to use this scary arrow that will explode in your hand huh? It will be fine if the user is skilled but……it’s too difficult if you also have to be careful not to explode it while the enemy comes near. It also looks like it cannot be fired rapidly.』<br/>
It seemed the arrow would explode just from collision or getting stepped on.<br/>
Certainly, I would want to refuse if I was told to walk around while carrying a lot of such arrows.<br/>
The owner showed us the tool to store this special arrow. It was a type of item to store every single arrow carefully. The arrow was put into a long and narrow box one by one and then got fixed in place. Inside there was several layers of fur placed around the arrow to become a cushion.<br/>
「Honestly, you still cannot feel relieved even after putting the arrow inside this. What’s more, it’s really troublesome to take it out one by one.」<br/>
The burst arrow was really troublesome. But the Seventh seemed to think of something while I was thinking like that.<br/>
『Lyle. Perhaps this thing can be used well if using my Art.』<br/>
The Third was also getting interested.<br/>
『Aa, now that you mention it this is a good chance so I’ll also teach my Art. Teaching the Art itself is simple but, the problem will be in how to use it. I’ll teach you at this chance.』<br/>
It seemed the two would finally teach me their Arts.<br/>
.<br/>
──The place was a stylish café.<br/>
Both Aria and Sophia were slightly nervous at the high class atmosphere.<br/>
Many of the customers around them were woman with pretty and elegant attire. There were also men, but everyone was accompanied by woman. The rank of this establishment was definitely higher by one or two steps compared to the café they usually visited.<br/>
Sophia visited such a café because she was invited by Aria. More accurately, Aria who was invited by Miranda invited Sophia and Novem. Novem didn’t come because she was accompanying Lyle.<br/>
Aria looked around restlessly.<br/>
「Hey, is it okay for adventurers to come here? Like, I heard that Arumsaas is cold towards adventurers.」<br/>
Sophia also recalled a certain incident. On their first day in Arumsaas, when they entered an inn searching for a place to stay, they were chased out because the place refused adventurers. It couldn’t be helped that she was worried after such thing happened.<br/>
「That’s right. It will be inexcusable if we cause trouble for Miranda-san.」<br/>
Then Miranda laughed.<br/>
「You two are worrying too much. Besides, my backer is the academy and my house that is a Viscount house. I’ll lodge a complaint if we are chased out because of such reason. In the first place, the two of you are also former nobles aren’t you?」<br/>
Sophia shook her head.<br/>
「My house was abolished after causing a problem. Besides, my house was just a Vassal Knight house.」<br/>
Miranda smiled.<br/>
「Don’t depreciate yourself. It doesn’t matter if it was a Vassal Knight, a noble is a noble.」<br/>
Miranda said that and drank her tea.<br/>
Sophia felt like she was slightly saved by those words. She also drank her tea. As expected from a pricey tea, it was delicious.<br/>
Miranda broached a topic.<br/>
「Hey, come to think of it we will be working together after this but, I don’t really know about everyone. That’s why, can you tell me what you can do?」<br/>
Aria said 「That’s true」 and started talking about herself.<br/>
「I’m a vanguard and use a spear. For magic……I’m in the middle of training.」<br/>
Sophia continued the explanation.<br/>
「I mostly can’t use magic. I’m using a battle axe that is a heirloom of my house but, I also use small axes other than that.」<br/>
Miranda was listening to the two’s story with deep interest.<br/>
「Hee……then, what about Novem-san?」<br/>
Aria talked about Novem.<br/>
「Novem is a really amazing magician. She can use any magic skillfully. Miranda is also skilled but, perhaps Novem is the one more skilled in magic. She is working hard in her magic specialty.」<br/>
Miranda looked happy hearing that.<br/>
「My, that’s great. She seems reliable. Unlike her I am a jack of all trades after all.」<br/>
Sophia followed up for her in hurry.<br/>
「The, there is no such thing. It’s already praiseworthy that you are able to use magic.」<br/>
「Thank you. But, the two of you can also use Arts correct? I haven’t manifested any Art, so I’m inferior to the two of you in regards to that. ……And, what about Lyle-kun?」<br/>
Aria and Sophia looked at each other. They were wondering how much they could talk about it. Then Miranda solved the misunderstanding of the two.<br/>
「Ah, it’s fine. I have heard about his Arts when he explained to Professor Damian. What I’m concerned of is if someone like me who doesn’t know anything is going to be a hindrance to Lyle-kun. You know, it will be bad if I’m being a hindrance when he is using his Arts isn’t it?」<br/>
Aria was relieved hearing that.<br/>
「Then it’s fine. That guy can do anything after all. You’re worried that you might become an hindrance but……he can do anything by himself.」<br/>
Sophia also felt that. Lyle would grasp the surrounding terrain by himself, he would also search and detect enemies, and on top of that his combat ability was also the best among the four of them.<br/>
Novem was a magic specialist but, Lyle was able to do both close quarter combat and magic skillfully.<br/>
Sophia spoke about that.<br/>
「He is a really amazing person. Certainly, sometimes he also has this stupid side to him but, he is calmer than anyone in a dangerous situation. Compared to him we are really──」<br/>
Aria was also hanging her head down. Even though they wanted to be useful, they were unable to do so. They felt vexed towards themselves who were like that. Miranda spoke to the two of them.<br/>
「Then both of you──can work harder at what you can do. It’s that you know, doing the best you can in the areas you are able to, while leaving the rest to others. I think it’s better that way. The two of you have amazing Arts right? I’m jealous.」<br/>
Seeing the smiling face of Miranda, Aria and Sophia thought that certainly, if they worked hard at what they could do then──<br/>
.<br/>
The night of that day.<br/>
I was told to come into the Jewel. The Third and the Seventh led me through a memory door. The memory door was located behind the chair of each ancestor. By entering inside, I was able to learn what each ancestor had seen or felt.<br/>
And then right now I entered into the memory door of the Seventh.<br/>
The reason was to learn the Art of the Third and the Seventh. Each Art had 3 forms, from first stage until the third stage. The Art became more powerful by advancing through the stages, but originally a Gem would teach the name of the Art and how to use it to the user.<br/>
However, a simple Gem would stop there. If the user didn’t know the name of the Art from the second stage onward, and they also didn’t know the way to use the Art, the Gem wouldn’t let the user use any further Art than that.<br/>
When the Gem became a Jewel, the memories of the Art owners would be resurrected into the appearance of their golden age and they would teach the user the names and the way to use their Arts.<br/>
Yes──the ancestors in front of me. They were resurrected memories, not the actual people.<br/>
While I was thinking about various things, the Seventh chose the Walt House’s mansion──its courtyard.<br/>
There was engraving everywhere inside the large mansion. The whole building was also decorated. It was mostly the same with the mansion that was in my memory.<br/>
The Third whistled and spoke his impression to the Seventh.<br/>
『The mansion has become really extravagant. This doesn’t look like the mansion of a Count at all. ……Yeah, it feels like the mansion of a Duke. Did grandpa work hard for the sake of you grandson? No, perhaps it was for your great grandson?』<br/>
The Seventh cleared his throat at the Third’s teasing.<br/>
『……It was decided that someday we would receive royal bloodline and become a Duke house. There would be a gap in my son’s time and then Lyle or the generation after him would definitely become a duke. It should be like that. I was only making preparations.』<br/>
I was under the impression that the mansion of a Count was like this because all that time I was staying in the mansion. But, it seemed this mansion was too big for a Count house.<br/>
The Third fell into thought.<br/>
『If I remember right, the wife of the Seventh had the bloodline of the previous royal family you said? It’s also related with this isn’t it?』<br/>
『That’s right. Well, it’s a fact that this mansion was also because of my wife Zenoire’s strong demand. From the size of our territory we are able to introduce ourselves as a Duke or Archduke without anyone complaining about it after all.』<br/>
The Sixth energetically grabbed the surrounding territories and expanded the territory of the Walt House drastically. The scale of that territory was only second to the royal family of Bahnseim.<br/>
The Third folded his hands.<br/>
『Why wasn’t our house crushed? From the royal family’s perspective, hasn’t our house already gone past being troublesome and straight to being dangerous? Your wife was the survivor of a family that took arms against the royal family right?』<br/>
My grandmother. The Seventh’s wife, Zenoire, came from a family that went against the Bahnseim royal family. Even though at first there was talk of marriage with the Bahnseim royal family in order to let bygones be bygones, it seemed that in the middle the family picked a fight.<br/>
However, the precious bloodline──the bloodline of a noble was the bloodline of a magician itself. There was no way the bloodline could be allowed to disappear, so the Seventh welcomed Zenoire-obaasama as his wife.<br/>
……Thinking carefully, it wouldn’t even be strange for our house to be crushed by the royal family. Certainly it was just like the Third said, our house was too dangerous.<br/>
The Seventh let out a long sigh.<br/>
『……The Sixth skillfully made the arrangements in that area. Certainly, the main faction of capital nobles at that time regarded the Walt House as dangerous. They were thinking to whittle our territory or even to attack and destroy us. The Sixth who noticed that attacked the feudal lords who were backing the main faction of that time and destroyed them. He also sent money to the faction opposing the main faction.』<br/>
The Third’s eyes opened wide.<br/>
『Eh, what? He kicked down the main faction  of the capital nobles?』<br/>
The Seventh shrugged and answered.<br/>
『At that time it was chaotic everywhere. It was money and strength that ruled in the country.』<br/>
It was a really unpleasant era. But, the Sixth overcame such difficulty and won the peace of the Walt House. It seemed the Seventh inherited that flow of events.<br/>
『Well, because of that we were also recruited to fight a war that wasn’t beneficial at all but, I think from the results it was alright. Oops, we got off topic.』<br/>
That’s right. The main topic was me learning Arts.<br/>
The Third also nodded and the two of them put their hand on my shoulders each. When they closed their eyes, my body was enveloped in a gentle blue light.<br/>
The name of the Arts surfaced in my mind. I also comprehended the way to use them.<br/>
「……Mind and, Box?」<br/>
The two’s hand left me then the Seventh explained about the Art first.<br/>
『Yes, it’s convenient that the Art is handed down just by doing this. Well, in my time there was only images flowing into me from the Jewel though……. Now then, I’ll show Lyle my Art, Box.』<br/>
When the Seventh snapped his finger, a magic circle emerged on the ground right under us. It had a size that could surround us with some room to spare.<br/>
Before long several guns were slowly rising up from the magic circle. The Seventh took one of them and grinned.<br/>
『My Art is also designated as a space type. It can store tools and the like in this way. This Art is amazing. Almost everything other than living things can be stored inside, and the freshness also won’t change from the time it’s inserted.』<br/>
The Third and I gave applause hearing that.<br/>
It was a really amazing Art. But, it bothered me why it wasn’t taught to me until now.<br/>
The Third asked about the circumstance of that.<br/>
『And, it also has a demerit right? Seeing that you didn’t teach it until now.』<br/>
When the Seventh snapped his fingers, the guns were absorbed back into the magic circle and then they vanished. At the end the magic circle also vanished, and then only the gun in the Seventh’s hand was remaining.<br/>
『……Well, it’s simply that the mana consumption is high. Even the current Lyle will only barely manage.』<br/>
He said that I would barely manage but, after experiencing Growth once, I managed to obtain quite a lot of leeway with my mana. Previously I would faint just from the ancestors making a ruckus inside the Jewel. I believed that I had really grown when thinking back to that.<br/>
……However, I didn’t want to experience “Growth” anymore.<br/>
The Seventh looked at me and said 「Try it」.<br/>
「Then」<br/>
I tried snapping my fingers like the Seventh. After learning the method to use this I thought, this action of snapping a finger wasn’t really necessary.<br/>
A magic circle emerged around me.<br/>
But, the size of the magic circle was far smaller than the Seventh’s.<br/>
The Seventh muttered after seeing that size.<br/>
『This size has the capacity of two or three carts I think? But four carts is impossible.』<br/>
The Third crouched down and stared at my magic circle.<br/>
『Hmm~, it’s smaller than the Seventh’s. Will this grow bigger later?』<br/>
The Seventh nodded.<br/>
『Well, it depends on the user’s mana. In Lyle’s case, there is no problem with his technique of using  the Art.』<br/>
The Third was also convinced.<br/>
『Lyle is amazing at that point. He can use our Arts without any effort at all.』<br/>
I didn’t understand what they were telling me.<br/>
「I’ve been taught the way to use the Arts so, isn’t it natural that I can do it?」<br/>
The Seventh made a really conflicted look.<br/>
『You and also Maizel, why are you two like this……well, doesn’t matter. Then, next is the Third’s turn. Ah, before that』<br/>
Maizel……father’s name was mentioned. I looked down. Seeing that the Third and also the Seventh each made a troubled face.<br/>
No matter what it felt painful recalling about my family.<br/>
The Seventh looked at me and said 「Erase the magic circle」, so I snapped my fingers. Then the magic circle vanished, but at the same time I felt quite a lot of mana disappearing from my body.<br/>
The consumption that was too drastic and the unexpected fatigue from it made me fall to my knee. I put my hand on the lawn and calmed down my disordered breathing.<br/>
『Aa~, this is certainly dangerous. When using it, you have to check that there is no enemy nearby first. If not it will be scary to use it.』<br/>
It was convenient, but thinking of the mana consumption, the most I could use it in a day was two times. That too was only if I used it the first thing in the morning and didn’t do anything after that to recover my mana before using it once more at night.<br/>
In practice the limit of using it was once a day.<br/>
『Now then, next is my turn. Then, it’s nice that Lyle is tired right now so let’s try using it on you while we are at it. My Art Mind, to put it bluntly its convenience of usage is bad compared to other Arts.』<br/>
The Seventh muttered in a small voice at the Third’s assertion.<br/>
『Liar, this wily guy.』<br/>
The Third seemed to hear that, but he ignored the Seventh and continued talking.<br/>
『Even if my Art is used normally, a lot of people will resist it and it won’t have any effect. That’s why, there is an important prerequisite to use it. that is making the opponent tired or feeling confused mentally beforehand. Just like Lyle right now.』<br/>
It seemed the Third had used his Art, but I didn’t know what it was doing.<br/>
「E, eh? Third? Seventh?」<br/>
Even when I looked around, I couldn’t find the two. But, in exchange a single person──Celes was there. She was chuckling scornfully and approached me.<br/>
「Stop. Don’t come……don’t comeee!」<br/>
Celes laughed at my voice.<br/>
『Ahahaha, how unsightly! You are crawling on the ground and even screaming pathetically……you, just die already.』<br/>
At the end Celes expressionlessly declared with a really low and terrifying voice, then before I noticed she was taking a stance with her favorite rapier. When the tip of the rapier approached until before my eyes, someone tapped my shoulder.<br/>
「……Eh?」<br/>
The Third’s face was there.<br/>
『Yaa. Did you see a good dream?』<br/>
I grimaced at that sarcasm and answered with a dissatisfied look. The Seventh was also exasperated and warned the Third.<br/>
『That’s overdoing it.』<br/>
However the Third spoke bluntly.<br/>
『It’s important to experience it yourself once. My Art is something that shows an illusion and interferes with the mind. It will change into a really terrifying Art if it’s effects take hold. So much that a certain someone even calls it wily.』<br/>
The Seventh cleared his throat and then he lent me a hand. I took his hand and stood up, then the Seventh said to the Third.<br/>
『That’s the most troublesome Art among all the ancestors’ Arts after all. It was useful many times during my lifetime but, all that time I was thinking that perhaps the Third who manifested that Art was an utterly wily villain. And in fact it seems you’re really a black-hearted person.』<br/>
The Third was laughing.<br/>
『How cruel. Well, but……if it’s Lyle then you surely won’t use it for anything strange, I thought it’s fine even if I teach it to you. After all, it will be used for bad things if it’s handed to anyone carelessly.』<br/>
I was feeling my heartbeat that was still beating fast while looking at the Third.<br/>
「You were making sure of my character until now?」<br/>
The Third honestly nodded.<br/>
『That’s right. But, I have been thinking from some time ago that it might be alright to teach you the Art, and yet the timing never came. That’s why I used this chance to teach you. You know, there is also that troublesome girl Shannon-chan. I’m thinking that this Art might become a trump card.』<br/>
Trump card? However, if the story of the Sixth and the others was right, the possibility that she would be able to break the Art itself was high. Was there another way to use this Art?<br/>
「Is there other way to use this?」<br/>
『Hm~, I don’t know if it will work but, my Art is emitting really feeble mana to the surroundings. From that, it doesn’t really do anything to magic or other Arts but, it will become a real hindrance for an Art that is related to the mind. Well, perhaps there is a possibility of it becoming a trump card. Use it when the time comes. Though it might not do anything.』<br/>
If possible I wished that it wouldn’t become a situation where I had to use this trump card.<br/>
But, there was a problem with this Art.<br/>
「Err, how should I exhaust the enemy or disturb their mind?」<br/>
The Third folded his arms and laughed.<br/>
『That depends on how you do it. It’s fine if you make your opponent physically tired, and you can surprise them or corner them mentally or the like?』<br/>
The Seventh looked at my face and demanded agreement.<br/>
『You understand don’t you, Lyle? Just how horrible this Art is. If you use Mind on a weakened opponent, you can also extract information from them. It’s extremely useful if you can use it well but, it’s also a dangerous Art.』<br/>
Certainly, I could understand why the Third would ascertain my character first. Perhaps this Art by itself was in the weak category, but it was extremely powerful if it took effect.<br/>
In fact, the beating of my heart was still racing even now after seeing Celes’s illusion. It was like the real Celes was there…….<br/>
While I was thinking that, the Third taught me one more method to display the effect of the Art.<br/>
『Also, there is an effective method to use it in case the opponent isn’t weakened or disturbed mentally. That is, by conversation.』<br/>
「Conversation? Why is conversation effective?」<br/>
『Who knows? But, the more you talk the more the other side will fall deeper into the Mind’s trick. There is no doubt about it because I had experimented many times in the past. You can trust me.』<br/>
……Just who did you experiment on!? I wanted to ask that but, it was a bit scary so I didn’t.<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 