<br/>
Chapter 46 – Damien Valle’s Request<br/>
<br/>
『What’s this? Isn’t this the worst situation?』<br/>
I could hear the Third’s voice.<br/>
The place was a café. It was around ten o’clock. After eating breakfast at the inn, I acted nonchalant and went out alone. I wandered around the city for a while before meeting Miranda-san at the prearranged place. And then both of us entered the café.<br/>
It was all good until we entered inside. I intended to apologize about the matter yesterday in all sincerity. Even if I got slapped or punched, I intended to quietly accept it.<br/>
I thought that it couldn’t be helped even if she did that much to me. And yet…….<br/>
「Lyle, just what are you doing here after refusing our invitation this morning?」<br/>
……Aria-san, whose eyebrows were twitching while her lips were smiling even though it didn’t reach her eyes, was demanding an explanation from me.<br/>
「Lyle-dono, what is your relationship with this person?」<br/>
Sophia-san asked her question quietly and apathetically. Her behavior was also different from usual with thorniness to it.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, I wish that you will tell me beforehand when you are calling out to a woman.」<br/>
As for Novem, she spoke as though I was calling out to a woman again. ‘You’re wrong, That’s not the case.’ I wanted to yell that in this place.<br/>
The surroundings seemed to notice that the atmosphere of our table was strange. The waitress and customers were looking this way while whispering in low voices. This is bad. Miranda-san too was surely angry──<br/>
「You, could it be you’re Aria? Aria Lockwarde!?」<br/>
「Eh!? Miranda? Miranda of Circry?」<br/>
「Yes! That’s right! Aria, are you well?」<br/>
──It seemed the two were acquainted. Before getting angry, she was getting happy at the reunion with Aria-san who was actually her acquaintance.<br/>
「I, I’m well but, why is Miranda together with Lyle?」<br/>
From Aria-san’s attitude, it didn’t look like her relationship with Miranda-san was bad. Aria-san also looked happy with the reunion but, she was looking alternately at my face and Miranda-san’s face because she was curious about my relationship with Miranda-san.<br/>
「Ah, actually about that──」<br/>
Miranda-san opened her mouth, but I stood up and bowed my head deeply. I put both my hands on the table and smashed my head on it.<br/>
*DON*, that voice and the sound of rattling cups resounded inside the café.<br/>
「I’m really……really sorry!」<br/>
Novem who was beside me asked in bewilderment seeing what I was doing.<br/>
「Lyle-sama? Lyle-sama, just what are you apologizing about?」<br/>
The Fourth explained the current situation.<br/>
『This looks like you are apologizing to a girl you hit on while being accompanied by your lovers. What a pathetic state.』<br/>
The waitresses and customers around us were getting heated up with a topic that was exactly like what the Fourth said.<br/>
I, right now……looked like a pathetic man who came to apologize to a woman while being accompanied by my lovers.<br/>
To think, that Novem and the others would be using the same café, such thing never even crossed my mind. When we entered the café and sat down, the three of them were at the neighboring table.<br/>
There was no path of escape, and I also didn’t know what kind of excuse I could make. Furthermore in a stroke of bad luck this morning I refused the invitation from the three of them.<br/>
The timing was nothing but the worst. The Sixth spoke with a small voice.<br/>
『There is no way to follow up something like this.』<br/>
The Seventh also muttered in agreement.<br/>
『Lyle, apologize sincerely. This is your responsibility.』<br/>
A responsibility towards the result that came to be from my thoughtless action. Heavy. This thing called responsibility was really heavy.<br/>
I was told to raise my head for the time being, so I did that and explained the situation from the beginning to the four of them. It went without saying that when I reached the part of acting to hit on a woman, the gazes of the girls became terribly cold.<br/>
「What, so that’s how it is.」<br/>
I explained everything and waited to be punched. Miranda-san showed a smile to me who was like that.<br/>
「Mi, Miranda-san? It might be strange to say this myself but, I think it’s only natural even if I get beaten up.」<br/>
The Third made fun of me.<br/>
『I thought that you would be splashed with the drink though. Eh? Miranda-chan is really kind. Or rather, isn’t she too kind?』<br/>
The Sixth seemed happy for some reason.<br/>
『Not just her appearance, she also inherited Milleia’s heart. However, when I recall that it’s my descendant who hurt this kind of gentle girl……I want to cry.』<br/>
The Seventh looked like he was going to say something but, in the end he didn’t open his mouth.<br/>
Aria-san stood up from her seat.<br/>
「Miranda, you kept being on the losing end because you always forgive other people like that. It’s alright for you to get angry here. Like, you can punch him or something.」<br/>
Aria-san was seriously worried for Miranda-san but, Miranda-san lifted the cup of tea she ordered while making a troubled smile.<br/>
「Nn~, but Lyle-kun also had his circumstance right? Besides, isn’t it a problem concerning the livelihood of Aria and everyone?」<br/>
This time it was Aria-san who was troubled. She sat back down and spoke with a small voice.<br/>
「That’s true but, you are kind so that way is……」<br/>
Miranda-san said 「Thank you」 while looking at me.<br/>
「Hey, if it’s about that right to enter the dungeon, then I think I can do something about it you know?」<br/>
This time it was Sophia-san who got hooked by Miranda-san’s words and asked.<br/>
「Really!?」<br/>
Miranda-san nodded and took a sip of her tea to moisten the inside of her mouth. And then, she started talking about the Academy.<br/>
「It’s because the Academy’s students are given the right to enter the dungeon. Even I am pretty much registered as an adventurer. Although, I’ll also need to submit an application when entering the dungeon, and students usually enter when they are given assignments. Though there are also boys who enter the dungeon in order to boast about their ability.」<br/>
Arumsaas’s underground dungeon. When someone managed to conquer it until deep inside, naturally they would be considered to be strong.<br/>
Although, it seemed that recently many of the noble youths were only hiring adventurers to guard them while they themselves weren’t doing anything.<br/>
The Fourth grasped the situation.<br/>
『I see, the academy students who were making a ruckus at the guild when we just arrived at Arumsaas were entering the dungeon in that way. Come to think of it, the adventurers around here look like they’re quite skilled.』<br/>
The Second was exasperated.<br/>
『If they are doing something like that, then everyone will become unable to believe them when they talked about how many floors they conquered. Just what are they doing dropping their credibility on their own like this.』<br/>
Surely they were thinking that it would be fine as long as they themselves could obtain a government post without giving any consideration at all about their junior in the future.<br/>
Incidentally, it was a welcome news that we would also be able to enter the dungeon if only Miranda-san would hire us.<br/>
However, Miranda-san continued with a troubled face.<br/>
「But, although this can become a temporary solution, it’s troublesome because I’ll have to accompany you every time you enter the dungeon. I also have my own daily routine, so there will be times when I won’t be able to come along even when everyone wants to go.」<br/>
Novem made a suggestion to Miranda-san.<br/>
「Then, can we ask you to introduce us to your friends in the Academy? I believe that it will also be convenient for them with our capability.」<br/>
Miranda-san shook her head.<br/>
「It seems that you have confidence but, there is also a period of time when the academy students cannot enter the dungeon at all. Besides, if it’s my acquaintances then many of them have the same circumstances as me.」<br/>
This is troubling. It’s true we would be able to enter, but it seemed the condition would be tougher than we thought.<br/>
Sophia-san also looked troubled and mentioned Clara-san’s name.<br/>
「This is completely different from what Clara-san told us. Certainly we will be able to enter in this way but, how should I say it, it’s inconvenient like this……」<br/>
Then Miranda-san was a bit surprised.<br/>
「Clara? Could it be, the supporter Clara Bulmer?」<br/>
Aria-san nodded.<br/>
「That’s right. For Miranda to know her too, is she famous? She didn’t look like it though.」<br/>
「Aa~, how should I say it……she is famous in various senses. She is called with nicknames like the library’s lord or fairy. Also, that girl is an excellent supporter. Because she is excellent, I heard that the guild often introduced her to the students entering the dungeon. Perhaps that’s why she is misunderstanding.」<br/>
Novem tilted her head.<br/>
「Misunderstanding?」<br/>
「Yes. She got introduced to students and entered the dungeon really often, so she might misunderstand that all the students can enter the dungeon as they like all the time. There are also people like that. Those who are doing nothing but challenging the dungeon rather than attending the class despite enrolling into the Academy. I’m not acquainted with that kind of student. Or rather……they are people that you don’t want to get close with.」<br/>
It seemed that the students who Clara-san saw were nothing but the problematic bunch. The proper students were busy studying in the Academy, so they couldn’t challenge the dungeon frequently.<br/>
Miranda-san explained the situation to us in detail.<br/>
「There are also those among them who are working part-time jobs or side jobs at home in order to pay for the tuition or their living expenses though. But, as expected the dungeon is where you can earn the most money. Tuition, money for having fun……most people want the money to have fun. Can you work hard together with the kind of people who enter the dungeon in order to earn money for having fun?」<br/>
All of us shook our heads.<br/>
「Though sometimes there are also those who are working hard to pay for their tuition because the condition of their house is worsening. The Academy will also support that kind of student and introduce them to good adventurers.」<br/>
Based from what we heard, it seemed difficult for us to enter the dungeon.<br/>
The Fourth sighed.<br/>
『The circumstances here in Arumsaas are complicated. There is no way this topic will be spread to the outside. Even if this kind of story got spread out, I don’t think that most people will be able to understand it without coming here themselves.』<br/>
Due to Arumsaas’s unique circumstances, not many people would understand it even if rumors and the true state of affairs of this place got spread. Like this it couldn’t be helped that we didn’t realize the true state of affairs in Arumaas before coming here. This was the reason why it was called as a really strange or mysterious place.<br/>
Miranda-san made a suggestion to us while I was harboring such impression.<br/>
「And so, I have a suggestion……everyone has confidence in your strength right?」<br/>
Miranda-san made a smile like a child who thought of a prank. We nodded. No, I didn’t understand what kind of strength she was looking for but, the four of us weren’t weak.<br/>
「Everyone……do you want to try accepting a professor’s request here?」<br/>
Her suggestion was about accomplishing a request from a professor who held authority in the Academy.<br/>
.<br/>
──The house of the Circry sisters.<br/>
Miranda was extremely cheerful when she returned home.<br/>
She told Shannon what happened today.<br/>
「Do you remember Shannon? You know, Aria who once played together with us at the mansion’s garden. Aria Lockwarde, she is actually came here to Arumsaas.」<br/>
Shannon dimly recalled hearing Aria’s name.<br/>
There were a lot of noble daughters who came playing at the mansion, but the number of people who would play with Shannon could be counted in one hand.<br/>
(Aa~, come to think of it there was someone like that.)<br/>
「Yes, I remember her a bit. She was a girl who said her hair is red wasn’t it?」<br/>
「Yes! I heard she was expelled from Centralle but, it’s a relief that she is alright.」<br/>
Miranda was acting cheerful.<br/>
「And then you see, after this we will accept a professor’s request together──」<br/>
However, even though she went out this morning saying that she would meet with Lyle, she was only talking about Aria and other things when she returned. Shannon understood.<br/>
(Something must have happened. Then, perhaps I should ask her to tell me.)<br/>
When Miranda turned her back on Shannon and started her cooking preparations, Shannon read Miranda’s emotions and her lips twisted.<br/>
(I see……she is sad. You are really sad aren’t you, Onee-sama)<br/>
Shannon manipulated the magic power drifting around Miranda that was showing her sad emotions. Miranda twitched in reaction and stood still. Shannon hugged her from behind.<br/>
<br/>
「Aha! Geez Onee-sama, you are weakening that you can be controlled by me. You are sad aren’t you, Onee-sama?」<br/>
The color of Miranda’s eyes lost its light from Shannon’s words. Emotion was vanishing from her face. Her mouth slowly moved.<br/>
「……Sa, sad?」<br/>
「That’s right. Onee-sama, you are feeling really sad. What happened?」<br/>
Miranda slowly told Shannon. What was sad……why she was weakening to the degree that Shannon’s mind control worked on her.<br/>
「Lyle said……that he doesn’t like me. He has a lot of other girls……even though……even though……I was happy that he invited me」<br/>
Shannon stifled her laugh and then she said to Miranda.<br/>
「Lyle is really horrible. Onee-sama, then you should──」<br/>
「No, no way. Such thing is no good……」<br/>
Shannon clicked her tongue seeing Miranda shaking her head. There wasn’t any sign of the transient looking girl there. Shannon was irritated and cursed at Miranda.<br/>
「Onee-sama is always like that, telling yourself that you are in the wrong, that you have to endure it. That selfless thinking is really admirable, how praiseworthy. Onee-sama is also feeling responsible and running after me because of that too aren’t you?」<br/>
Miranda weakly answered.<br/>
「I was, worried for you……」<br/>
「Hmm~……but you know, you’re really sad aren’t you? Normally no matter how much I tried to control Onee-sama, you would resist and wouldn’t say anything, and yet today you are answering my questions like this.」<br/>
When Miranda fell silent, Shannon dispelled the mind control because she didn’t want to burden Miranda.<br/>
(I have to spend time to slowly complete the control. But, that man called Lyle……he is making me angry. He hurt my Onee-sama. But, thanks to him Onee-sama has become really obedient.)<br/>
For Shannon, Miranda was her big sister, yet at the same time she was also like a replacement to her mother who died right after she was born. While Shannon felt strong familial love towards her, the betrayed feeling made her harbor a mixed feeling of love and hate towards Miranda.<br/>
(That’s right. I’ll use Onee-sama like this and make Lyle──)<br/>
Miranda returned to her senses and gasped when Shannon separated from her.<br/>
「E, eh? I was──」<br/>
「Onee-sama, what’s the matter?」<br/>
Miranda turned around because Shannon called her from behind. Shannon smiled at Miranda, and then she adorably acted like a transient looking little sister.<br/>
「Shannon?」<br/>
「Yes. And, what happened with Aria-san after that?」<br/>
Miranda pressed her left hand on her face. And then she noticed that she was sweating.<br/>
「I’m sorry. It looks like I’m a bit tired, so I’ll go wash my face.」<br/>
Shannon saw off Miranda who left the kitchen with a hand wave──<br/>
.<br/>
The next day.<br/>
I visited the library where Clara-san was at. It was a famous library in Arumsaas. As expected from a library that claimed to be number one on the continent, it was a building that was like a palace.<br/>
When I stood still in front of the building that was so high I needed to look up to it, the people who were passing around me chuckled. Surely they were thinking that I was a country bumpkin.<br/>
But, the reaction inside the Jewel was even more amazing than that.<br/>
『What’s this! What’s this-! This is a place that keeps books isn’t it! That means, there are so many books filling up a place this big!』<br/>
The Third threw away his usual easygoing attitude in excitement and continued to be noisy.<br/>
The Seventh was trying to calm him down.<br/>
『Please shut up already. Wai-! This idiot, don’t struggle! So, someone help!』<br/>
The Jewel was noisy from several people holding down the Third.<br/>
「……Let’s enter inside.」<br/>
I ignored the noisy Jewel and entered into the library that was like a palace. There was a reception right after the entrance. Several female receptionists were lining up.<br/>
I headed towards one of them and she gave me guidance when I told her that this was my first time here.<br/>
She said that I would need to pay first for the registration. The money would be set aside for compensation in case I lost a book. I was told that the money would be returned when the registration was cancelled without any incident.<br/>
I nodded when I heard that a copper coin would be necessary each time I was to use the library and paid the registration fee.<br/>
「By the way, do you know where Clara-san is?」<br/>
The receptionist seemed to be reluctant to answer my question.<br/>
「I cannot answer that kind of question.」<br/>
It seemed I was troubling her.<br/>
「I’m sorry. Please forget it.」<br/>
I finished the registration and received a member card for the library, then I walked inside the library.<br/>
The inside of the building was divided into several rooms. Every room had a lot of books lined up.<br/>
The ceiling was high. Many bookshelves that reached until the height of that ceiling were lined up. Every shelf was stuffed with books to the brim.<br/>
「This isn’t just several thousands of books, could it be the number reach tens or even hundreds of thousands?」<br/>
Thinking from the scale of the building that I saw from the outside, surely it was storing a great amount of books. While I was walking and peering in here and there like that, I found a girl with an artificial hand walking into a room.<br/>
「Clara-san.」<br/>
Clara-san turned her gaze towards me when I called out to her.<br/>
「I never thought that I would meet you in this kind of place, Lyle-san.」<br/>
「I have something to talk with you. It’s a job matter.」<br/>
「You came until the library just to talk about work? Well, it’s fine. Please come this way.」<br/>
Clara-san changed her direction away from the room she was going to enter. She brought me not into a room but to a wide passage.<br/>
There were tables and chairs placed near the huge window. A plank written with ‘rest area’ was hung up.<br/>
There was also a door that connected to the garden nearby.<br/>
「We can also eat here. We also won’t be scolded even if we talk a bit louder here.」<br/>
Clara-san said that and sat down. I sat on the chair in front of her and we sat with the table between us before I broached into the main topic.<br/>
「Actually, we are going to accept the request from an academy professor──Damien Valle.」<br/>
Hearing that Clara-san turned her gaze towards her artificial right arm for an instant.<br/>
「He was the one who put up a request asking for the magic stone from the boss of the underground 40th floor isn’t it? Seeing that you are bringing this talk to me, has the problem of entering the dungeon been solved?」<br/>
I shook my head.<br/>
「No. We found someone who would enter together with us, but that person also has her own daily life to think about. It seems that the academy students who are frequently entering the dungeon are delinquents. The normal students won’t enter the dungeon that often.」<br/>
When I said that, Clara-san took off her glasses and wiped the lenses while looking down. I got the feeling that her face was reddening. It seemed she noticed her own misunderstanding.<br/>
「……It seems I had a misunderstanding. I apologize. And, you are talking to me looking for a supporter aren’t you? How big is the scale of the party that you are thinking about?」<br/>
Asked that I counted with my fingers.<br/>
「Err~, four people from my place, and then the academy student Miranda-san, and also Clara-san.」<br/>
Clara-san put on her glasses and then her sleepy looking eyes opened wide until the limit.<br/>
「Are you sane? I once also participated in conquering floor B30 but, at that time the party that challenged it numbered nearly 50 people. If you are going to floor B40, I heard that you will need twice the number of that.」<br/>
When conquering a large scale dungeon, fundamentally the party would be staying inside overnight. In that case, a human would need to eat and also sleep. They would also get dirty and needed to pee and defecate.<br/>
In most dungeons, it would become harder the deeper you progressed.<br/>
The more the number of days was spent to conquer the dungeon, the more the amount of supplies that would be needed.<br/>
Food and water, and then the carrier to transport those would be absolutely necessary.<br/>
The dungeon wasn’t so kind that you would be able to fight and advance forward while carrying heavy luggage.<br/>
A supporter was necessary no matter what in order for the fighting adventurers to display their usual strength.<br/>
As a result, it was common for the number of necessary personnel to increase the deeper you were trying to go.<br/>
I nodded and then told Clara-san that I wanted to form a contract with her.<br/>
「We have a method to conquer a dungeon. Well, the secret weapon for it is this.」<br/>
Clara-san narrowed her eyes when I lightly lifted up the Jewel hanging on my neck.<br/>
「A Gem is it? Furthermore blue is the color of support. ……I will withdraw in the middle if I think that it’s reckless. If you are fine with that then I will agree to form a contract. Also」<br/>
「Also?」<br/>
「I want to ask one thing. Did Lyle-san register to the library in order to meet me?」<br/>
I answered honestly.<br/>
「Ah, that’s not it. No, how should I say it……I also like books, so I’ll still register here anyways. But today I came here to meet Clara-san. After all I heard that you are always in the library except for when you’re working.」<br/>
Clara-san smiled slightly. It seemed she was pleased with my answer.<br/>
「I see. That’s great. I also like people who like books. Then, let’s talk about the contract. I am a quite capable supporter, so the cost will also be quite high.」<br/>
I shrugged while saying.<br/>
「That’s why I’m inviting you. It will be troubling if that’s not the case.」<br/>
The Fourth spoke with a slightly troubled voice.<br/>
『Even though I understand that it’s not the case, but the exchange just now sounded like a confession of love. Even though they are only talking about a work contract.』<br/>
The Third made fun of me.<br/>
『Lyle is like that isn’t he. Your normal act might be attracting girls more effectively, than when you actually try to hit on them.』<br/>
Spare me from that. I formed a contract with Clara-san while thinking that.<br/>
.<br/>
「Lyle, over here!」<br/>
Miranda-san waved her hand energetically.<br/>
I left the library and then immediately headed towards the next place of appointment.<br/>
「It’s great that the library and the Academy are both at the center of the city, making it convenient.」<br/>
Miranda-san chuckled when I said that.<br/>
「About that, the dungeon, the Academy and the library are the three most famous products of Arumsaas after all.」<br/>
The way she called them famous products was a bit funny. Besides, the reason why they were at the center of the city wasn’t explained but, such thing didn’t matter.<br/>
「Famous products is it? Then it can’t be helped.」<br/>
I met up with Miranda-san at the Academy’s entrance, then she guided me towards a building to meet with Professor Damien through a corridor.<br/>
There I listened to a simple explanation from Miranda-san about Professor Damien.<br/>
「The Academy’s seven best? Is it referring to something like, the seven amazing people of the Academy?」<br/>
She said that Professor Damien was one of the famous seven best of the Academy.<br/>
「That’s not it. I think it’s something like the problem children since the Academy started. They aren’t just problem children though. They are exceptionally superior in their field and also brought benefit to Arumsaas, but they are like eccentrics who are only interested in their research and also often cause problems? Anyway, when counted there were seven people like that. That’s why the seven best. I think Professor Damien is the only one who is still alive.」<br/>
The Second seemed dissatisfied after hearing such an explanation.<br/>
『Oi, will that person really be alright? It feels like it’s someone who is no good as a person though?』<br/>
The Fourth pondered slightly before answering.<br/>
『Without trying to meet him first……I won’t be able to say anything.』<br/>
We were going to create a connection with the Academy by accomplishing the request that such problem child sent to the guild.<br/>
The Seventh was considering the whole rather than Professor Damien personally.<br/>
『Well, obeying the idiots in the guild like now is also irritating. It’s not a bad way to obtain connections with the Academy here to shut up the guild. Besides, this chance can be used to get closer with Miranda. Damien himself doesn’t really matter isn’t it?』<br/>
The Fifth and the Sixth were silent, but from the Jewel I could feel that they were paying attention to Miranda-san who was walking in front of me.<br/>
「Lyle, it’s here.」<br/>
When we arrived at the destination room, Miranda-san rang the bell that was set up beside the door. A loud sound resounded through the whole corridor. When the sound stopped, Miranda-san called out towards the door.<br/>
「Professor Damien, it’s Miranda. I brought an adventurer here who will accept your request just as promised.」<br/>
After a while, a sound of things breaking  came from inside the room. Then there were sounds like something getting dragged and something being pushed away before the door slowly opened.<br/>
I turned my gaze below and saw a small statured male.<br/>
「E, excuse me──」<br/>
A petite man wearing glasses. His brown hair was unkempt and he was wearing a white coat above his wrinkled and dirty clothes, but even that white coat was terribly dirty.<br/>
From a glance he looked like a young man, but this person was a professor. A person with a position that had a say even in the management of Arumsaas city.<br/>
Professor Damien stopped me with his hand when I was going to talk.<br/>
「Aa~, sorry. It will be a waste of time so let’s go to the reception room. There will also be tea there so it’s convenient. We’ll talk about the request there. Ah, no need for self-introduction too. I’m really not good at remembering people’s names.」<br/>
A sudden rude attitude. He went out of the room and walked away without stopping.<br/>
When I looked at Miranda-san, she shrugged and smiled.<br/>
「Professor acts like that to everyone. Don’t worry……he also doesn’t remember my name after all. But, there is no doubt that he’s an amazing person.」<br/>
Even the ancestors inside the Jewel were dumbfounded at the attitude of Professor Damien.<br/>
When we arrived at the reception room, a person who seemed to be an academy staff member served the tea with a really displeased face.<br/>
Professor Damian reached towards a small jar that was filled with sugar……and poured in a lot of sugar into his cup.<br/>
A drink that was mostly made from sugar was finished.<br/>
He drank it like it was nothing. Just from looking made the inside of my mouth feel sweet.<br/>
Professor Damian started talking after moistening (?) his mouth.<br/>
「First there is no need for introductions. You two already know my name. And then I don’t feel like remembering your name so it’s pointless. I hate pointless things. That’s why, start talking about the main topic right away. Even though I’ve sent the request to the guild since a long time ago, it’s still not accomplished even after half a year. Even though I urged them many times already, the other side kept making various excuses saying that it’s impossible. I don’t want to waste time pointlessly like that anymore.」<br/>
It seemed the excuse of the guild was that an adventurer party that could advance until floor B30 was already really few in number. A party that could challenge floor B40 was even rarer.<br/>
But, Professor Damian wouldn’t care even if I said that, so I kept quiet.<br/>
Or rather, it seemed that it was true that there was no excellent adventurers like that in Arumsaas right now.<br/>
「The girl there made a suggestion to me in that situation. She knew adventurers who could conquer floor B40. But, they had only just arrived in Arumsaas, so they want recommendations to be able to enter the dungeon. That was what she said. I too had done adventurer-like things several times before. I had also entered the dungeon, and I also have experience fighting monsters when going out to investigate. But, this is outside of my expertise. I also am unable to understand someone’s true strength just from looking. I want you to show me the basis that it’s possible for you to complete my request.」<br/>
Professor Damian’s worry was only natural.<br/>
Let’s talk honestly here. When I thought that and grabbed the Jewel, the Second agreed with my opinion.<br/>
『There won’t be any progress like this so teach him. Also don’t forget to forbid him to tell others just in case.』<br/>
I nodded and then I showed the Jewel in my hand to Professor Damian.<br/>
「A Gem huh. It’s rare but, you understand that it in itself doesn’t have any worth don’t you?」<br/>
「Yes. This Je……Gem has the Arts of my family engraved into it. The Arts I can use are five. They are Support Types with abundant variety. It will display its strength without fail even in a dungeon. Its ability is──」<br/>
Professor Damian grinned when he heard my explanation.<br/>
The Arts of the ancestors were called Support Type. This type had no offensive power unlike the red Gem or yellow Gem. But, it had ability that didn’t lose against them.<br/>
「I see. The first and the second are already good but, the third’s speed increase, the fourth’s area map and the fifth’s enemy search are especially good……indeed, the dungeon’s capture will become really easy if you are there. No, it’s fine to even call you an expert. I see, certainly you are suited for this request.」<br/>
「I will be troubled if this information is leaked to other people though.」<br/>
「Aa, there is that kind of rule isn’t it. You are going to fulfill my request. There is no meaning in making you my enemy. I won’t leak your secret. Well then, I’ll add more conditions to the request.」<br/>
I narrowed my eyes.<br/>
「Conditions?」<br/>
Professor Damian smiled. He leaned on the sofa’s back and continued talking.<br/>
「Don’t look that wary. I will also pay the reward for this addition. I will also enter the dungeon so I want you to guard me. I can protect myself with my own strength though. By the way, with me there the battle potential will undoubtedly increase.」<br/>
Miranda-san nodded when I looked at her. There was no doubt at all in her expression.<br/>
「It’s true. Professor Damian is strong. His nickname is Puppet User. He used this magic called “Golem” magic that he developed by himself to move several puppets at the same time like his own limbs. His skill in magic is also reliable. There is no doubt that he will be useful in battle.」<br/>
I pondered for a bit and nodded. Professor Damian laughed.<br/>
「That’s great. I’m tired of waiting already. Besides I have finished preparing. Moving by myself is better than waiting here. I was about to aim for floor B40 by myself if no one was going to complete my request.」<br/>
It didn’t sound like a joke. And then, Professor Damian continued.<br/>
「Also about the reward, I don’t mind if your party takes all the magic stones and materials we obtain from inside the dungeon. And the reward from me will be……an item with equal value to several thousand gold coins, is that alright with you?」<br/>
I was a bit curious at the way Professor Damian said it.<br/>
「An item with equal value to several thousand gold coins?」<br/>
「They won’t give me the budget after I used up my research fund. Even if they told me to show results, I need the magic stone in order to show that result so the budget won’t come out no matter how long time passed. That’s why, I want to pay you with goods.」<br/>
I was troubled hearing that. Even if he said that it was an item with equal value to several thousand gold coins, I didn’t know what kind of object it was. Besides would I be able to use such thing after receiving it? Would it be sellable? The Fourth advised me while I was falling into thought.<br/>
『Accept it. You should be able to have surplus financially from the magic stones and materials share. Also you mustn’t forget your first objective. The permission to enter the dungeon. If you can obtain it then there isn’t really any problem.』<br/>
On the contrary, it would be a loss if I felt dissatisfied with the reward and didn’t accept this request here.<br/>
『I understand. However, please absolutely don’t forget about giving us the mediation for permission to enter the dungeon.』<br/>
Professor Damian was laughing.<br/>
「Leave it to me. Even like this I have a talking relationship with the headmaster after all. Well, you can also say that it’s only me often getting scolded in regards to the budget though. Now then, the additional reward is this.」<br/>
Professor Damian lifted the sugar jar on his right hand and a small puppet made from sugar came out from it.<br/>
It lifted the lid and showed its face. After a while it returned inside the jar and closed the lid.<br/>
「The students often asked me to teach it to them, so I teach them to earn some extra money. The additional reward will be me teaching you this magic.」<br/>
That was a really interesting magic. I was also interested and nodded in acceptance of that condition.<br/>
Professor Damian smiled.<br/>
「Yosh, the contract is formed. When will we depart? For me……I want two days to prepare.」<br/>
I nodded thinking that we could prepare if we had that much time.<br/>
「Then, we will depart three days later so please take care of the formalities.」<br/>
Professor Damian was in a good mood.<br/>
「Nice, it’s nice. It’s great that we don’t waste time with complicated talk. It’s best if everything is simple. It will be great if everything is resolved simply like this time.」<br/>
It seemed what Miranda-san said that he had no interest in anything other than his own research was true.<br/>
The Fourth gave his evaluation of Damian Valle.<br/>
『Sometimes there will be a person like this, a human who displays amazing capability only in their specialized subject. Damian is also that kind of human. It can also be said that he is the ultimate form of that kind of person.』<br/>
The Seventh also understood it.<br/>
『He is someone who cannot be entrusted to do anything else. I also had that kind of subordinate in my time. That person wasn’t so terrible to this degree though.』<br/>
The Academy’s professor, Damien Valle──he was a really intense character.<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 