<br/>
Chapter 56 – Their Respective Task<br/>
<br/>
I woke up together with the sunrise and went out to the garden, stretching my body.<br/>
The sunlight was strong and dazzling since the early morning in this season.<br/>
While I yawned while breathing in the fresh air, Shannon came out from the house in her pajamas rubbing her eyes.<br/>
Seeing me, she was making an obviously displeased face.<br/>
「What’s with you?」<br/>
「I just don’t want to see a disgusting guy’s face right from the morning. Even though it would be great to not see your face if only Onee-sama didn’t wake me up.」<br/>
I was irritated at Shannon who was spouting whatever she liked.<br/>
「I hate you just so you know.」<br/>
「Is that so. I hate you as well. One day I’ll make Onee-sama open her eyes and chase you out from the house.」<br/>
Shannon and I glared at each other since the morning.<br/>
This girl was outrageously stupid, but it seemed that the ability she had or rather her “eyes” were amazing.<br/>
She had “mystic eyes” that excelled in reading emotions and manipulating mana.<br/>
However, the strength of the person herself was too low that the eyes were unusable. This was what they called pearls thrown before swine.<br/>
My mood was getting worse. It was then that Poyopoyo came out. It seemed she was going to clean the garden from looking at the tools she was carrying.<br/>
「Oh, this is an unusual combination for the morning. It’s really great that you two get along well, but if this Poyopoyo is left out then at night I will be weeping. Right into your ear!」<br/>
Shannon and I spoke together in response to the automaton who was threatening to do harassment.<br/>
「We aren’t getting along!」<br/>
「We are not getting along!」<br/>
We glared at each other once more.<br/>
Poyopoyo was grinning cheerfully seeing that.<br/>
「My, the timing of the two of you also completely match each other. Putting that aside, why is Shannon over there also outside? Even though usually she would be sleeping in until the last minute.」<br/>
Poyopoyo was fundamentally treating me specially, but she was treating everyone else equally rudely.<br/>
She called me chicken dickwad, but she called everyone else without any honorific.<br/>
And then for some reason she was calling Novem as vixen and harbored enmity towards her.<br/>
Shannon answered reluctantly.<br/>
「Onee-sama said, get up early and breathe the outside air. Even though she was kind before, Onee-sama became like that since you guys started staying here.」<br/>
She was acting like a tragic heroine with crocodile tears but, this girl used those eyes──her mystic eyes to control her big sister in order to take revenge on her family. She was a fiend. But, it seemed that her idea of revenge was only some pranks that a kid would think of. Even so, there wasn’t any need for any sympathy towards this kind of kid.<br/>
「You need to reflect on yourself a bit more. Or rather, I think this kind of treatment toward a little sister who was trying to control her mind is too kind instead.」<br/>
「Shut up, you gigolo bastard!」<br/>
「Don’t call me gigolo bastard!」<br/>
It seemed Shannon couldn’t talk back when I calmly explained to her so she insulted me saying gigolo bastard. I hated her.<br/>
Then, Poyopoyo put down her cleaning tools on the ground.<br/>
「My, you two are really energetic right from the morning. Certainly waking up early is the key to a healthy life. Then, this Poyopoyo shall teach the both of you the right and proper traditional morning exercises.」<br/>
Shannon an I looked at Poyopoyo.<br/>
「You can also do something like that?」<br/>
「I don’t want to move right from the morning though. Rather, I want to sleep more.」<br/>
Poyopoyo ignored us and spoke with an energetic voice.<br/>
「Well then! Lift up your arms from the front then stretch up, from there──」<br/>
When I moved my body imitating Poyopoyo’s movement, Shannon also reluctantly followed.<br/>
Like that we exercised for around five minutes and my body warmed up, but……Shannon was running out of breath beside me.<br/>
This girl who acted like a sickly daughter spent her days as a lazybone and had no stamina to speak of.<br/>
I laughed seeing that.<br/>
「What’s that? Could it be you cannot even do this much?」<br/>
Shannon got worked up hearing my words and snapped at me.<br/>
「Don’t get cocky just because you have slightly better stamina then me! I’ll ask Onee-sama to beat up the likes of you black and blue!」<br/>
I who had gotten beaten up once before this couldn’t laugh that off.<br/>
「That’s a really pathetic threat huh.」<br/>
I scoffed at Shannon who only relied on her big sister for everything.<br/>
Shannon seemed to be irritated by that. She tried to kick my shin, but I could dodge it easily. When I grinned down at her, the petite Shannon was shaking and tried to kick me obstinately.<br/>
When I dodged her, Poyopoyo sighed looking at us.<br/>
「Haa……this can’t go on. Chicken dickwad’s movement is also too hopeless.」<br/>
I looked at Poyopoyo hearing that.<br/>
「You can understand?」<br/>
The angry Shannon waved around both her hands toward me, so I held her head in place with my left hand.<br/>
Poyopoyo shook her twintails while making a pose.<br/>
「Of course ! This Poyopoyo is of course also installed with the understanding of martial arts. After all, martial arts is also one of a maid’s indispensable skills.」<br/>
Shannon stopped resisting and looked at my face.<br/>
「Martial arts is an indispensable skill for a maid? That’s different from the servants that I know.」<br/>
「You know, this things is broken after all. Besides, I can’t understand anything about the ancient people’s way of thinking.」<br/>
It was tiring to take her words seriously, so Shannon and I looked at Poyopoyo with gazes as if we were looking at something pitiful.<br/>
Poyopoyo was flustered.<br/>
「Wa, wait! You two aren’t believing me. Do you think that this Poyopoyo is weak? Then that’s a misunderstanding.」<br/>
Well, she was a machine so perhaps she was strong to some degree but…….<br/>
Poyopoyo took a stance.<br/>
「In that case I shall prove it. Come at me from anywhere!」<br/>
Shannon and I looked at each other.<br/>
「Look, give her some attention. She’s so pitiful.」<br/>
「As expected, hitting something with the appearance of a girl is a bit……」<br/>
「You just pressed down on my head just now didn’t you!」<br/>
「No, in your case, I hate you.」<br/>
Poyopoyo sat down on that spot and started to weep.<br/>
「You two said that you have a bad relationship while showing off that intimate relationship in front of this Poyopoyo like that. I’m not jealous or anything.」<br/>
Perhaps sympathizing with the sulking automaton, the Second’s voice came from inside the Jewel.<br/>
『Give her some attention Lyle.』<br/>
It seemed that he was pitying her, but the Fifth was apparently a bit bothered by something.<br/>
『No, take her on seriously. That stance, she doesn’t look like an amateur at all.』<br/>
When he mentioned it I thought that there was no way that was the case while I approached Poyopoyo.<br/>
「Just once okay?」<br/>
Poyopoyo jumped to her feet happily and took a stance the instant she landed.<br/>
「As expected from chicken dickwad! Now, please come at me from anywhere you like!」<br/>
First I tried punching.<br/>
Then Poyopoyo who defended with her right hand was blown away.<br/>
「……Eh?」<br/>
Poyopoyo rolled on the ground before she immediately recovered her balance and stood up. Then she looked at the arm she used to defend and tilted her head.<br/>
From inside the Jewel there were chuckling voices that laughed at the Fifth.<br/>
At this kind of time it was the Third who would ridicule others.<br/>
『She doesn’t look like an amateur, he said. She got blown back just from a little punch see.』<br/>
The Fourth was angry at me.<br/>
『There’s no need to punch that strongly. In the first place, although she is a machine, Poyopoyo has the appearance of a girl. It’s astonishing you could punch her like that.』<br/>
Even I intended to hold back.<br/>
However, Poyopoyo was blown back further than I imagined.<br/>
Shannon looked at me.<br/>
「Apologize to her. As expected, just now was too cruel.」<br/>
I wanted to retort back 「I don’t want to hear that from you!」 hearing that from Shannon, but I approached Poyopoyo instead to apologize.<br/>
But, Poyopoyo suddenly jumped up performed a forward somersault in the air to land in front of me and took her stance.<br/>
「I see, I understand now. As I thought this thing called mana is really mysterious. I didn’t think that a human body can be strengthened to that degree.」<br/>
I looked at Poyopoyo who was making her stance once more in exasperation.<br/>
「No, I’m not going to do it anymore. You understand already from just now right?」<br/>
While I was thinking that Poyopoyo wasn’t as strong as she said, a fist approached before my eyes.<br/>
When I dodged it in panic, next my arm got caught while I was unbalanced and then I got thrown away.<br/>
「……Heh?」<br/>
When I noticed I was lying down on the lawn.<br/>
There was no pain. She eased up the instant I was thrown to the ground. She held back against me.<br/>
Poyopoyo let go of me and then she puffed out her large breasts to boast.<br/>
「How’s that. This is the true strength of this Poyopoyo.」<br/>
Shannon ran towards Poyopoyo happily.<br/>
「That was amazing just now! Teach me too! I’ll beat up this guy after that!」<br/>
I couldn’t accept it and stood up. Then I demanded a rematch from Poyopoyo.<br/>
「O, one more time!」<br/>
Poyopoyo took her stance.<br/>
「I don’t mind. But, I don’t think that the chicken dickwad right now will be able to defeat me.」<br/>
When I punched at the grinning Poyopoyo, my fist got deflected this time.<br/>
When I lunged with more punches, they were also deflected and I was made to fall.<br/>
Voices of admiration came from inside the Jewel.<br/>
『This is surprising. I thought she could only make a stance, but her movement is also good. It reminds me of mothers.』<br/>
The Fifth was also agreeing with the Sixth.<br/>
『This girl, she intentionally jumped back when she was punched at the beginning.』<br/>
When I stood up and took my stance, Poyopoyo looked straight at me.<br/>
「Chicken dickwad’s physical ability can be summarized as astonishing, but that’s all it really is. Other than that it feels like you are a talented amateur.」<br/>
Shannon was cheering for Poyopoyo.<br/>
「Do it! Beat up that amateur!」<br/>
This time I tried grabbing at Poyopoyo and punched her flying, but I got thrown instead.<br/>
「No, no way.」<br/>
Poyopoyo who was making a triumphant face brushed up one of her twintails and spoke.<br/>
「That’s why I told you. I’m strong. Even like this I have the data that was the accumulation of many months and years inputted into me after all.」<br/>
While I was feeling shocked at losing against this kind of broken machine, the Third was going as far as making applause inside the Jewel in admiration.<br/>
『This is surpassing my imagination. There isn’t that many opponents who are able to handle Lyle to this degree.』<br/>
I stood up.<br/>
「I, I swear I’ll absolutely win against you!」<br/>
Then Poyopoyo made a pose.<br/>
「I will take you on anytime. But, this Poyopoyo’s job is to look after chicken dickwad. If you want to win against me, then allow me to support you with my all!」<br/>
Just what did she mean by that?<br/>
Shannon and I tilted our heads in puzzlement.<br/>
「Hey, isn’t that strange? Even though this gigolo bastard wants to win against you, you will help him with that? This guy, just how pathetic of a gigolo bastard is he?」<br/>
Shannon made a nonchalant face when I glared at her.<br/>
She was undoubtedly laughing at me who completely lost against Poyopoyo.<br/>
「Gigolo bastard……that is wonderful. I love a no good master. Putting that aside, if you want to win against me then you must simply learn from me.」<br/>
I didn’t want to do that, and then I bluntly said from my rivalry against Shannon.<br/>
「I don’t want to. We’re in Arumsaas. I’ll learn martial arts from some dojo somewhere and defeat you. I don’t need any of your help!」<br/>
Then tears slowly gathered in Poyopoyo’s eyes.<br/>
She made a really sad face and covered her face with both hands and sat down on the spot.<br/>
She then immediately started bawling with a loud voice that could be heard by the surroundings.<br/>
「Chicken dickwad said that he won’t receive my help! How cruel! Even though I want to devout myself to him! Even though I want to devote myself to chicken dickwad until he becomes no good without me!」<br/>
What did she mean by devoting herself to me until I turned no good?<br/>
Or rather, she was too noisy right from the morning that the neighbors were looking over here.<br/>
「O, oi, stop it. Everyone is looking here.」<br/>
Poyopoyo continued crying.<br/>
「I’m the one who can serve chicken dickwad the best in the world. And yet, he is going to ask other people to take care of him……that’s horrible!」<br/>
Shannon was also flustered.<br/>
「Just let her serve you already. She is a bit pitiful.」<br/>
Poyopoyo was sending glances at me.<br/>
The Seventh was surprised.<br/>
『Thi, this thing is making crocodile tears. She can even do something like that?』<br/>
The ancient people who created this pointlessly high spec automaton made me irritated.<br/>
Around us the residents of the neighborhood gathered and gossiped in whispers while looking at us.<br/>
「I’ll serve you properly everyday so please forgive me. Please don’t throw me away~」<br/>
I wanted to complain to Poyopoyo who was sometimes sending glances at me, but my reputation in this neighborhood would worsen if I did something like that.<br/>
「I, I get it. Anyway stop crying first.」<br/>
Then Poyopoyo suddenly smiled and stood up.<br/>
Shannon was shocked.<br/>
「Wait! So you were faking your crying!」<br/>
Poyopoyo stared down at Shannon looking apathetic from the bottom of her heart.<br/>
「What about it? I’m fine with anything as long as chicken dickwad will recognize me. Everything else exists just to be used.」<br/>
I was relieved and relaxed the tension out of my shoulders seeing that the neighbors left.<br/>
「You’re the worst.」<br/>
Poyopoyo said.<br/>
「I will do anything if it’s for chicken dickwad’s sake.」<br/>
I was getting cold sweat since the morning.<br/>
When I wiped it with my hand, Novem exited from the house and called out to us.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, Shannon-chan, the breakfast is prepared.」<br/>
We replied and returned inside the house.<br/>
Poyopoyo looked happy.<br/>
「We’ll immediately start the training from tomorrow then. This Poyopoyo will train you with everything I’ve got.」<br/>
Shannon earnestly requested to Poyopoyo.<br/>
「Teach me too! Teach it to me too!」<br/>
Poyopoyo was grinning while replying to her.<br/>
「Ee~, what should I do? I am~, chicken dickwad’s exclusive maid after all~」<br/>
「It should be okay. Teach me!」<br/>
Shannon pulled at Poyopoyo’s clothes.<br/>
Rather than looking displeased, Poyopoyo looked like she was having fun teasing Shannon like that.<br/>
I sighed.<br/>
「……I never thought that I’d lose against Poyopoyo.」<br/>
I was consoled by the Fifth.<br/>
『On the contrary isn’t this great? If you can have Poyopoyo teach you various things, then you won’t need to enroll anywhere in Arumsaas.』<br/>
Certainly it would save money, but I wanted to learn various things in Arumsaas and become first class as an adventurer.<br/>
「I still haven’t learned anything since coming here.」<br/>
Even though we finally came to Arumsaas, wouldn’t it be fine for me to learn something from somewhere? I was thinking that while sitting in front of the table for breakfast.<br/>
.<br/>
──Sophia was drying the laundry while sighing.<br/>
Recently their failure in the dungeon was dragging out, but right now she was worrying about her quarrel with Aria.<br/>
(I did it again.)<br/>
If it was before she would be able to apologize afterwards, but recently she was unable to apologize no matter what.<br/>
She didn’t like herself who was like that and became needlessly frustrated.<br/>
(I have to do something.)<br/>
In her own way Sophia wanted to improve this situation.<br/>
However, Sophia fundamentally was a passive human who would do what she was told by someone else.<br/>
She became Lyle’s comrade as an adventurer to repay her debt to him was also simply because her house taught her that 「a debt has to be repaid」.<br/>
She was a type who would do what she was told diligently, but there were few times where she acted by her own initiative.<br/>
She would think hard about various things, but she was unable to form a conclusion by herself.<br/>
When she raised her face, she narrowed her eyes from the summer’s sunlight.<br/>
(It seems the laundry will dry nicely today.)<br/>
Sophia could hear a voice after that.<br/>
When she arrived at the garden, Lyle, Poyopoyo, and then Shannon were there.<br/>
Poyopoyo who was standing in front of Lyle and Shannon suddenly raised both her hands, then next she lifted up one foot. It was like she was imitating wings with her hands and moved them as though flapping wings.<br/>
「Then, first let me teach both of you from the secret technique. This is the secret technique of my martial art! Its name is also The Stance of Raging Sparrow!」<br/>
Sophia felt shocked seeing Poyopoyo’s stance. Not in a good sense, but in a bad sense.<br/>
(Eh? Spa, sparrow? That sounds weak. Besides that’s a strange pose. It’s full of openings.)<br/>
Frankly speaking it only looked like Poyopoyo was screwing around. The stance could only be said as a joke to be called a stance of martial arts.<br/>
If an enemy making that kind of pose appeared before her……she would only think of it as stupid. That was what Sophia thought.<br/>
Both Lyle and Shannon were also staring doubtfully at such Poyopoyo.<br/>
「You, that’s absolutely a lie. That’s not the secret technique right?」<br/>
「Even if you can trick this gigolo bastard, you won’t be able to trick me.」<br/>
Poyopoyo released her stance and shook her head as though to say ‘good grief’.<br/>
「This is why amateurs are no good. Certainly this stance doesn’t have any meaning.」<br/>
Sophia was surprised.<br/>
(It doesn’t have any meaning!? Isn’t that useless then?)<br/>
She was hiding behind the house’s wall to observe what the three were doing. Then Poyopoyo’s face turned serious. She placed her hand on her waist.<br/>
「This stance doesn’t have any effect or meaning. But, the two of you will learn my techniques, and then when you make them your own……you will complete the secret technique which is the deepest level of this martial art. It will become the secret technique of only chicken dickwad and Shannon. The one and only secret technique of your own.」<br/>
Poyopoyo said something that was seemingly authentic, but Sophia thought.<br/>
(Is that what a secret technique is? In the first place, isn’t she just saying that there is no answer so search for it yourself?)<br/>
Sophia was doubtful, but Lyle and Shannon were taking the stance together.]<br/>
「The Stance of Raging Sparrow!」<br/>
「Sparrow!」<br/>
They imitated the secret technique’s stance gleefully.<br/>
They looked stupider than expected.<br/>
But, Lyle was really happy.<br/>
「Amazing. In other words, after I learn everything a secret technique only for me will be completed!?」<br/>
Shannon was burning with rivalry against Lyle.<br/>
「I’ll complete it faster than you! And then I’ll beat you up using my secret technique!」<br/>
Lyle and Shannon silently faced each other, and then they immediately took the Stance of Raging Sparrow.<br/>
Poyopoyo who was watching that folded her arms and nodded but……to Sophia she looked like she was holding back her laughter.<br/>
「Ye, yes, that’s right. Pukuku……Sparrow is a small and weak bird, but it also has the meaning that the two of you who are in training will be able to become a falcon or an eagle one day. This secret technique is something like that. Pufufuh!」<br/>
She was already snorting.<br/>
She was watching Lyle and Shannon while holding her stomach.<br/>
「I like griffon better than hawk.」<br/>
「E, err……then I’m a dragon!」<br/>
「You’re cheating! Dragon isn’t a bird.」<br/>
「I’m not obsessed with such small things. You just watch from over there while sucking your finger.」<br/>
The two who were starting to quarrel because of a small thing pulled at each other’s cheeks.<br/>
They looked like small children squabbling.<br/>
(Both of them really get along.)<br/>
It looked like Lyle was seriously arguing with the younger Shannon.<br/>
Sophia felt a prickling pain in her chest seeing his lively figure that was different from usual.<br/>
(Is my presence here a bother just as I thought? I’m not even useful, and I only keep making trouble……)<br/>
A voice came from behind Sophia who was feeling down watching the two.<br/>
「Oh, it’s a bad hobby to peep you know?」<br/>
Sophia turned around and saw a smiling Miranda. She made an excuse in panic.<br/>
「No, that! I, I’m not peeping.」<br/>
Miranda also turned her gaze to the three in the garden.<br/>
The sight of Lyle and Shannon squabbling, while Poyopoyo was watching and laughing.<br/>
「They look like they’re having fun. I’ve been thinking it since before but, Lyle’s mental age might be low. Shannon’s mental age is also low but, perhaps the two of them are about at the same level?」<br/>
Sophia objected to that impression of Miranda.<br/>
「Tha, that’s not true! Lyle-dono is strong……sometimes he is unreliable but, even so he is someone who will do what has to be done when it’s time.」<br/>
Miranda brushed up her hair.<br/>
「Hee, I see. But, I also like the current Lyle. Because he is cute like that.」<br/>
Sophia made a puzzled face.<br/>
「Cu, cute?」<br/>
Miranda asserted.<br/>
「It’s cute. He is seriously squabbling with Shannon like that, ignorant of society which left him with many openings, and he also failed a lot. I like that.」<br/>
Sophia felt down hearing Miranda asserting so.<br/>
She was unable to say those kinds of words.<br/>
「……As I thought, perhaps Lyle-dono is more suited for someone like Novem-san or Miranda-san.」<br/>
Then Miranda laughed as though she was making fun of Sophia.<br/>
「And? Do you want to be sympathized? Then it’s unfortunate. I won’t console you like Novem, and I also have no intention to lose against someone who won’t make an effort by herself. I’m working hard in order to be liked. But, you don’t even do that. You behave ambiguously and don’t even tell him that you like him. ……Don’t compare us.」<br/>
Sophia looked down and clenched her fists.<br/>
「I, I just, want to repay my debt」<br/>
She was here in order to repay her debt. Liking Lyle was unrelated. When she was going to say that it was unrelated, Miranda’s gaze turned harsh.<br/>
「That’s just your own convenience. Lyle doesn’t care about it, and even if you leave from here he won’t chase after you. It only looks like you’re just tacking on some nice excuse to cling to him.」<br/>
Sophia was shocked.<br/>
No, she understood. She was always thinking that she wasn’t useful.<br/>
(As I thought……it’ll be better if I leave.)<br/>
Miranda seemed to see through Sophia’s thinking and continued.<br/>
「Your face is saying that you won’t be a bother if you leave. You, do you understand what kind of time it is? Our party wants to aim for floor 30 of the underground dungeon. Think how difficult it would be for a party that is lacking in both quality and quantity to conquer the dungeon. It’ll be irresponsible to leave the party at that kind of time because of a love affair.」<br/>
The criticized Sophia raised her face.<br/>
Anger could be seen in her expression.<br/>
「Then……then, what should I do!? Won’t it be fine if you just tell me that you want me to get out!」<br/>
Miranda didn’t change her expression in front of Sophia who raised her voice roughly.<br/>
「Think about it yourself. You, if I’m ordering it will you happily do anything? What a comfortable life.」<br/>
Sophia couldn’t talk back at Miranda’s words and gritted her teeth at that place──.<br/>
.<br/>
I who was taking the Stance of Raging Sparrow, heard Sophia-san’s voice and looked back.<br/>
「Wha, what?」<br/>
I got a really bad premonition. Shannon who was making a similar stance beside me was shaking while looking at me.<br/>
It seemed this stance was demanding for Shannon who usually never moved her body.<br/>
「Lo, looks like you’re at your limit already. Put down your foot on the ground already. It’s alright to not force yourself.」<br/>
We were standing on one foot. Shannon suggested a match rule that the one lowering down their foot would be the loser.<br/>
「I’m alright. Or rather, looks like you’re the one who can’t continue making the stance anymore there.」<br/>
Shannon was only managing to stand on one foot somehow while staggering. Poyopoyo pointed out her problem to her.<br/>
「It’s a simple lack of exercise. Very well, this Poyopoyo will train you.」<br/>
I was more concerned with Sophia-san rather than Shannon.<br/>
「More importantly, I’m concerned with Sophia-san though? You know, there was her voice just now.」<br/>
Then the Sixth warned me with a tense voice.<br/>
『Lyle……you didn’t hear anything. You understand, you didn’t hear anything at all.』<br/>
What was he saying?<br/>
I heard the voice, and if there was some kind of problem then I should call out to her.<br/>
「I could also hear Miranda-san’s voice, so perhaps something happened with the two of them?」<br/>
Shannon was trembling while standing on one foot, but she averted her gaze from me.<br/>
「……I, didn’t hear anything.」<br/>
「No, you heard it right?」<br/>
When I released the stance and took a step toward Sophia-san’s direction, the Fifth spoke admonishingly at me.<br/>
『Lyle, I won’t stop you from going there if you’re able to say the sensible thing. But, it’s impossible for you right now. Just stay here.』<br/>
Leaving her alone?<br/>
I couldn’t do something like that.<br/>
「I’ll check it out for a bit.」<br/>
Then Poyopoyo cut off my path.<br/>
「Chicken dickwad, we’re still in the middle of training. To try to escape like this, have a sense of shame.」<br/>
「You too should also have a sense of shame. Just why are you getting in my way?」<br/>
I put my foot on the ground, so Shannon also released her stance. She lifted both her hands and rejoiced in her victory against me, but she was sweaty and breathing roughly.<br/>
「I, I win. I win against the gigolo bastard!」<br/>
「Don’t call me gigolo bastard! Or rather, just why won’t you let me go?」<br/>
Poyopoyo thought for a bit.<br/>
「……I think, something like that is still too early for chicken dickwad.」<br/>
When I was getting irritated at Poyopoyo who was giving an answer that I couldn’t accept, I heard the sound of a door opening. It seemed the two returned into the house.<br/>
「Really, just what’s with that.」<br/>
The ancestors were consoling me when I was about to speak my dissatisfaction.<br/>
It was eerie that they were kinder than usual.<br/>
『It’s better to not learn about something like this yet.』<br/>
『Sometimes reality is cruel.』<br/>
『Well, all of us had seen ugly disputes in the past.』<br/>
『It’s okay. It’s okay for you to not know about it yet.』<br/>
『The time to know will come one day, but with how you are right now whether you will be able to endure it or not……』<br/>
『Lyle, one day you will surely learn it. But, until that time comes. Until that time comes!』<br/>
……I didn’t understand.<br/>
「Now, let’s resume the ascetic training! I’ll prepare a hard course for chicken dickwad, and easy course for Shannon.」<br/>
Special training, ascetic training……it was suspicious how the way she called it kept changing but, there was also some part of Poyopoyo’s instruction that made sense.<br/>
This stance of sparrow thing made the scale fall from my eyes.<br/>
A secret technique that was only mine……it made me a bit excited.<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 