<br/>
Chapter 60 – The Targeted Party<br/>
<br/>
The season was going to turn into autumn.<br/>
We came to Arumsaas in summer, so nearly three months had passed when I noticed.<br/>
Speaking of what I was doing during this period, I was learning martial arts from Poyopoyo and tinkering with the cart.<br/>
I was working inside the storehouse until late at night again today. I came out from the bathroom alone and yawned.<br/>
「I’ll wake up early again tomorrow so I need to go to sleep already.」<br/>
I was thinking that the dinner Novem made was delicious while entering the living room. There I found two girls sleeping on the sofa tiredly.<br/>
It was Aria-san and Sophia-san.<br/>
I reflexively averted my eyes.<br/>
The two of them, even though the weather was still hot, I was wondering about the wisdom of sleeping in their underwear like that.<br/>
I guessed that they had gotten used to living in the house of the Circry sisters and their tension was now gone.<br/>
Both Aria-san and Sophia-san weren’t wearing underwear with any sexiness. But, their healthy limbs and stomachs were visible.<br/>
<br/>
The slender and healthy Aria-san, then Sophia-san who was sleeping in a posture that emphasized her large breasts……I was troubled of where to look.<br/>
Weren’t they thinking about me who stayed in this house too?<br/>
「Come to think of it, I’m only seeing them in the mornings huh?」<br/>
Recently, because everyone was busy they wouldn’t stay at home for long, so we couldn’t have any relaxed conversation. I would stay until late at night, and it also became that often I had dinner at a different time.<br/>
The ancestors were getting strangely excited.<br/>
『The two of them have nice bodies. But when it comes to their heads……』<br/>
『Those are nicely shaped butts.』<br/>
『If only Aria’s breasts were a bit smaller then she would be ideal.』<br/>
『It’s great that the both of them look healthy.』<br/>
『However, this……there isn’t any sexual allure from this. They should have a greater sense of shame.』<br/>
『Being too brazen is making it hard to feel their sexual allure instead.』<br/>
I wasn’t asking the preference of you guys.<br/>
However, the temperature was also getting colder recently.<br/>
They couldn’t stay like this. I went out of the room to get a towel blanket or something to cover them. There I ran into Miranda-san.<br/>
「Oh, could it be you saw the two of them?」<br/>
She was carrying a towel blanket in her hand. She was smiling at me.<br/>
My face abruptly turned red.<br/>
I became even redder than just now when I saw the two of them in their underwear.<br/>
It felt like I got caught doing something bad──it felt embarrassing.<br/>
Miranda-san smiled seeing me like that.<br/>
She then headed to the sofa and covered the two of them with the towel blanket.<br/>
Seeing her overflowing with kindness just like when we first met made me unable to understand Miranda-san’s true feelings.<br/>
Recently, the people Miranda-san would talk with inside the house were only Shannon and Clara-san. And sometimes Poyopoyo, I guess?<br/>
She would only discuss housework with Novem. I only ever saw the two of them having businesslike conversations.<br/>
It was on my mind so I tried asking her.<br/>
「Miranda-san, can I ask you one thing?」<br/>
「What is it? Could it be you’re curious about my underwear?」<br/>
I averted my gaze from Miranda-san who was strangely emitting sex appeal.<br/>
I realized that my face was getting even redder and pressed my face with my hand to hide it.<br/>
「That’s cute. Now then, I’ll stop the joke here and listen to your question.」<br/>
Miranda-san sat down and leaned on the sofa’s back. Even though she was wearing a mini skirt she lifted her leg high and crossed her legs.<br/>
It felt like she was teasing me.<br/>
「……Miranda-san, why did you proclaim that you want to become my number one? For someone like Miranda-san, how should I say it, it feels like you should be able to handle it in a more skillful way.」<br/>
I couldn’t express it well with words.<br/>
But, if it was someone like Miranda-san, I thought that she didn’t really need to make that kind of proclamation that turned her surroundings into her enemies and picked a smarter method.<br/>
In fact, before this she was getting along well with these two sleeping girls.<br/>
「A more skillful way. I could do so if I want, but I think that the situation will end up turning even more horrible in the end like that.」<br/>
「Ho, horrible?」<br/>
「Yes. By doing that I think the situation would develop into something like me and Novem getting into dirty conflicts revolving around the party’s leadership behind the scenes. Aria and Sophia will surely get dragged into it and get the short end of the stick.」<br/>
Just what kind of horrible things would occur? I was curious but I also got the feeling that I mustn’t learn it.<br/>
「Dirty conflicts, is it?」<br/>
「There are various methods that I can use if I feel like doing it after all. That’s why, I made the proclamation and disturbed the situation. It was a bother wasn’t it?」<br/>
Frankly speaking it was a bother but, I was unable to condemn her……. My shoulders dropped.<br/>
「I wish everyone will get along better.」<br/>
Miranda-san was smiling without any change in expression.<br/>
「I know. That’s why I provoked these two.」<br/>
What was the connection of my wish with Miranda-san provoking these two?<br/>
Miranda-san chuckled when I told her that I didn’t understand.<br/>
「Lyle, there is someone with a harem party among your acquaintances right?」<br/>
She must be referring to the party of Nurx-san who I recently got acquainted with.<br/>
After that I ran into him several times in the guild and now we had a relationship of talking with each other if we met.<br/>
The relationship between the female camp in Nurx-san’s party was going smoothly, and yet the atmosphere at my place was unfriendly.<br/>
I consulted with Nurx-san several times, but it seemed that even Nurx-san had given up.<br/>
「The pasture is always greener on the other side.」<br/>
「What do you mean? Nurx-san’s party is going smoothly. Before this they also got a new comrade and became a five man party now.」<br/>
While I was thinking of what Miranda-san wanted to say, she stood up and returned to her room.<br/>
「It’s fine even if you don’t understand right now. It’s also fine even if you don’t ever get it but, just remember this one thing okay? What I’m doing is for Lyle’s sake.」<br/>
Miranda-san left. I grasped the Jewel in the living room while listening to the sleeper’s breathing of Aria-san and Sophia-san.<br/>
But, the ancestors were──<br/>
『That girl, is she really descended from our bloodline?』<br/>
『This must be the influence of the blood from the mother’s side.』<br/>
『It’s difficult to have multiple women isn’t it. It’s makes your stomach hurt.』<br/>
『……It’s not something I can’t understand.』<br/>
『Why is Milleia’s great granddaughter like this?』<br/>
『The dirty battle of women is it? I don’t want to see that.』<br/>
──As I thought, these guys were useless for relationships with women.<br/>
I suddenly heard a small sleep talk.<br/>
I couldn’t hear what the voice was saying, but when I turned my gaze, I saw Aria-san who was kicking away the towel blanket on her body.<br/>
What should I say, her posture wasn’t one that a girl should make.<br/>
Her legs were spread open.<br/>
The Second murmured.<br/>
『It’s not sexy at all.』<br/>
Certainly it didn’t feel sexy.<br/>
She was only in her underwear so I felt that I mustn’t approach her, even so, I couldn’t just leave her alone so I put the towel blanket back on her.<br/>
I also made her close her legs.<br/>
A faint scent of medicine came from her when I got near.<br/>
「Is this medicine for muscle pain?」<br/>
Looking closer she had a lot of wounds that were smeared with medicine.<br/>
The medicine for muscle pain was something that Shannon often used so I knew the smell.<br/>
The Fifth laughed slightly.<br/>
『What, it looks like these two are also working hard. It’s great that they’re venting their stress outside rather than getting into friction inside the house.』<br/>
Everyone was working hard. I opened my mouth hearing that.<br/>
「Is this better than before? Rather than me doing something, is letting everyone do what they want to freely like this better for the party?」<br/>
The Third made fun of me.<br/>
『That depends on the party. These girls are capable, so things will go well even if they take action by themselves. No, rather they were guided well.』<br/>
Guided? By who?<br/>
Even when I asked, the Third would say 「Think about it yourself」 and wouldn’t answer.<br/>
Because the night had also become late, I returned to my room.<br/>
.<br/>
Arumsaas’s underground labyrinth.<br/>
At its floor B3, Poyopoyo, Clara-san and I were riding on the cart and moving inside the dungeon.<br/>
In this one month, the cart’s performance increased by a surprising amount. It was moving even inside the dungeon without problem.<br/>
Clara-san was sitting on the driver’s seat and checked the sensation of the control.<br/>
「There is no problem with this. Even I can move it without problem.」<br/>
Poyopoyo climbed on the cargo bed and looked around.<br/>
「This place is like an abandoned building. However, despite that the ceiling is high and the passage is wide. How should I say it, it’s a building that was prepared for humans to conquer isn’t it?」<br/>
This damn automaton ignored Clara-san’s opinion.<br/>
「That’s natural.」<br/>
「Is it natural? This Poyopoyo is really curious. Why is this kind of convenient place appearing intentionally?」<br/>
It wasn’t convenient.<br/>
In the first place, a dungeon was a dangerous place.<br/>
It felt convenient because it was Arumsaas’s dungeon that was being managed.<br/>
「Clara-san, should I switch with you?」<br/>
「I, I’m fine.」<br/>
She seemed to be having fun and getting absorbed with the driving.<br/>
I found an unexpected side of her.<br/>
I obtained a method to easily travel inside the dungeon.<br/>
「It’ll be nice if conquering the dungeon becomes slightly easier with this thing bu──」<br/>
Poyopoyo interrupted me before I finished talking.<br/>
「──Oops, it seems there are injured people.」<br/>
Clara-san stopped the cart. A human’s voice could be heard inside the dungeon that had become quiet.<br/>
We took a lantern and pointed it to deeper inside the passage. There were the wounded figures of adventurers there.<br/>
.<br/>
On the surface.<br/>
We carried the wounded adventurers to the hospital.<br/>
We placed them on the cargo bed and returned to the surface. The adventurer who was the leader said thanks to us many times.<br/>
His eyes were gathering tears.<br/>
「Thank you. Really, thank you. I thought that we wouldn’t be able to move from there anymore and get annihilated.」<br/>
When I asked him, it seemed that they were attacked at floor B5.<br/>
The opponents were persistently attacking their party. They somehow dodged their pursuit while finally climbing up until floor B3, but there their stamina reached the limit and they couldn’t move anymore.<br/>
It wasn’t monsters that attacked them but fellow adventurers.<br/>
「It’s great that you all survived.」<br/>
I said that and moved to leave, but the adventurer held out a wallet that was filled with golden coins and silver coins to me.<br/>
「I can’t receive this much.」<br/>
「No, take them. Actually I want to give you even more. Thanks to you guys all of us are able to safely return to the surface with all of our baggage intact. Really thank you.」<br/>
He wouldn’t accept any refusal, so I obediently accepted it.<br/>
According to Clara-san, the adventurers who were attacked were a strong party even in Arumsaas.<br/>
I watched them leave while feeling surprised that there were adventurers who could corner a party at their level.<br/>
Even so……. My gaze fell towards the wallet in my hand.<br/>
The Fourth was sounding really delighted.<br/>
『……I smell money. Furthermore it’s an exceptionally first rate smell.』<br/>
This miser seemed to get an idea for some kind of business.<br/>
『Lyle, until now you were doing transporting business between the dungeon’s entrance and the guild, but this time let’s extend our reach until inside the dungeon too.』<br/>
I grasped the Jewel.<br/>
I couldn’t reply because there were people around, yet the Fourth didn’t stop speaking.<br/>
『Let’s target the adventurers with high earnings. For them, one or two gold coins won’t be any problem at all. Going further, it will be nice if you accept transporting from the guild until inside the dungeon──until floor B5. It will be worth it to pay gold coin for that! In addition on your way back you can target the adventurers who want to go out and bring them back to the surface with you!』<br/>
That was certainly something doable.<br/>
There was the floor traveling device at floor B5. The device could be boarded to move to any floor chosen, so many adventurers aimed for that floor.<br/>
It would be fine to say that this device would absolutly be used whether for going or returning.<br/>
……Was it feasible?<br/>
Clara-san looked at me.<br/>
「Lyle-san, what have you been thinking since just now?」<br/>
「N, no. I got a bit of an idea for the business.」<br/>
Clara-san was exasperated looking at me.<br/>
「Lyle-san, your business spirit is stronger than your appearance suggests isn’t it. What kind of business?」<br/>
I talked about the Fourth’s suggestion. Clara-san made a slightly difficult look.<br/>
「……It won’t be impossible but, it might be difficult.」<br/>
「Why is that?」<br/>
Clara-san pointed out something simple.<br/>
「The layout of the dungeon will change on your way in and out, there are also times when you will get lost. In case monsters come out, we will also have to fight. You will need to take responsibility for the baggage if it gets damaged during that time. Won’t it be dangerous to do business inside the dungeon?」<br/>
We lost the baggage because of a monster attack. The client surely wouldn’t accept that excuse.<br/>
「……That’s certainly troublesome.」<br/>
The Fourth was also dejected inside the Jewel.<br/>
『That’s right. Right now Lyle is forbidden from using Arts. It’ll be easy if he can grasp the terrain and detect the monster’s positions.』<br/>
I remembered.<br/>
Come to think of it, there was one suitable person.<br/>
.<br/>
The house of the Circry sisters.<br/>
「Don’t want to. Why do I have to board this kind of strange vehicle!?」<br/>
I forcefully put the disagreeable Shannon on the cart.<br/>
「It’s fine, just get on. The time for your eyes to be useful has come.」<br/>
If my thinking was correct, this girl should be able to detect enemies inside the dungeon.<br/>
Poyopoyo would memorize the route inside the dungeon, while this girl would detect the enemy.<br/>
By doing that, we would be able to travel inside the dungeon easily.<br/>
「Why do I have to listen to your words!? I don’t wanna!」<br/>
I clicked my tongue in irritation before the resisting Shannon.<br/>
「You clicked your tongue just now! This gigolo bastard! Do you want money that much that you’ll make even me work!?」<br/>
Clara-san looked at me after hearing Shannon’s words.<br/>
「Eh, Lyle-san……you’re a gigolo? Come to think of it, recently I’ve never seen you working.」<br/>
Poyopoyo was getting high spirited.<br/>
「Please rest assured, chicken dickwad. Even if chicken dickwad is a gigolo bastard, I absolutely won’t abandon you.」<br/>
You girls, why were you treating me like a gigolo bastard?<br/>
It couldn’t be helped so I spoke to persuade Shannon.<br/>
「Shannon.」<br/>
「Can you not call my name so familiarly?」<br/>
This girl was really irritating.<br/>
「I’ll give you spending money from the money we earn. On the way back you’ll be able to buy a lot of snacks.」<br/>
The Third complained at the way I persuade her inside the Jewel.<br/>
『Lyle, no matter what that kind of persuasion is──』<br/>
However my opponent was the idiot Shannon.<br/>
「I’ll do it! I’ll buy a lot of snacks! Come on, let’s go already.」<br/>
She hopped up on the cart and hurried us to quickly depart.<br/>
The Third was dumbfounded.<br/>
『……Eh? Lies. She will cooperate with that kind of persuasion?』<br/>
The Fifth spoke a bit sadly.<br/>
『This child is that huh. An idiot. Well, let’s just consider it good that it’s the idiot Shannon who was born with the mystic eyes.』<br/>
If Miranda-san had mystic eyes then it would become a disaster.<br/>
Perhaps it was a blessing in disguise that it was the idiot Shannon who had it.<br/>
「Yosh, then let’s try earning a bit of money from today. If possible I want to earn at least ten gold coins per month.」<br/>
Clara-san also nodded hearing my remark.<br/>
「If we can earn that much, then there won’t be any meaning working as an adventurer anymore.」<br/>
I looked at Clara-san and laughed.<br/>
「That sounds good. If that happens do you want to run a bookstore together?」<br/>
I intended to say that as a joke but──<br/>
「Le, let’s quickly go.」<br/>
──Clara-san’s face blushed slightly.<br/>
Shannon grabbed the wheel of the cart and showed her eagerness.<br/>
Poyopoyo looked at me.<br/>
「Chicken dickwad is really a womanizer. But that’s fine. Supporting that kind of chicken dickwad is like a dream come true for an automaton.」<br/>
Wouldn’t there be anyone who could fix this automaton who was calling me trash?<br/>
.<br/>
──That day, Sophia was swinging down a battle axe in front of a tough looking muscular person.<br/>
「Sei-!」<br/>
Sophia’s attack was an attack with its weight increased using her Art.<br/>
The tough looking person──the dojo master parried it with the shield their left hand was holding and punched Sophia with their right hand.<br/>
Sophia lightened her own weight and intentionally got sent flying to take distance.<br/>
The dojo master placed the sword their right hand was holding on their shoulder.<br/>
「That’s some nice movement, missy.」<br/>
「Thank you very much for the instruction.」<br/>
The dojo master was slightly exasperated at the polite Sophia and warned her.<br/>
「Don’t take off your gaze from your opponent until it’s over. There’re still many places where you’re crude but, you pass as a vanguard.」<br/>
During these several months Sophia was polishing her strength in order to at least become a reliable existence as a vanguard. The master put away the weapon and then they addressed the muscular disciples around them.<br/>
「You all, learn from the missy and be politer.」<br/>
Sophia joined this dojo in order to learn the basics in a short time.<br/>
It wasn’t a place that taught things like decorum or mental preparedness, but a dojo to raise a warrior that could immediately fight in actual combat.<br/>
The disciples in that kind of place were all gruff people.<br/>
「Big sis, didn’t you say that you got goosebumps if we copied Sophia?」<br/>
「There isn’t anyone we need to keep appearance with at this point.」<br/>
「Haa, someone introduce a man to me.」<br/>
The voices replying to the dojo master belonged to women dressed with a lot of exposure.<br/>
Yes, this dojo was mainly attended by females.<br/>
It wasn’t like it forbade men from enrolling, but the dojo master was female so naturally many of the disciples gathered here were also female.<br/>
「Men are running away because you all are like that.」<br/>
Sophia wiped her sweat, and then she put down her weapon.<br/>
She was taking off the robe she usually wore and exposed a lot of her skin, but she didn’t mind it because there were only females here.<br/>
(I’m somehow getting into shape.)<br/>
At first she was confident because she also had real battle experience, but she wasn’t a match against the woman who was the master of the dojo and a first class adventurer.<br/>
After that Sophia desperately learned how to fight and she also ended up becoming tougher.<br/>
「More importantly, how is the ease of use?」<br/>
Sophia turned her gaze to her battle axe at the dojo master’s words.<br/>
「I don’t know because I still haven’t used it in real battle.」<br/>
The master laughed *gahagaha* heartily.<br/>
「Exactly! No one will have it hard if you can do well just from training. Well, if it’s missy right now then you won’t lose against the frail bunch around here.」<br/>
Sophia slightly relaxed after receiving the dojo master’s approval.<br/>
「Tha, thank you very much!」<br/>
「It’ll be better if you loosen up a bit more but, that’s also missy’s good point so it’s difficult I guess.」<br/>
The master was exasperated at Sophia’s diligent personality while also praising her. She wiped her sweat with a towel and addressed everyone.<br/>
「Oi, break is over! Pick up your weapons and do practice swinging!」<br/>
The females raised their voices, lined up, and started swinging.<br/>
In this neighborhood, the people were calling the women frequenting the dojo as “amazons” fearfully.<br/>
Sophia was working hard at that kind of place for these past several months──<br/>
.<br/>
Evening.<br/>
I looked at the contents of my wallet.<br/>
The leather wallet was filled not with ten gold coins, but thirty gold coins.<br/>
And then I realized.<br/>
「……Perhaps, I’ll be able to make a living with this.」<br/>
A service to transport until floor B5, and baggage transport from floor B5 until the surface.<br/>
This was really lucrative.<br/>
The adventurers who wanted to advance until floor B5 in comfort.<br/>
The adventurers who found it tiresome to travel the distance from floor B5 until the guild.<br/>
We earned a lot just in one day.<br/>
I looked at Shannon who was being limp on the cargo bed.<br/>
「Oi, you alright?」<br/>
「……No more. I can’t move.」<br/>
A dungeon was a place with thick mana. People would get sick when entering it for the first time no matter what. Because of that I thought Shannon would also get sick, but this girl was alright.<br/>
But, she was also tired because it was her first time.<br/>
Recently she was moving her body and improved her stamina, but fundamentally she was a girl with insufficient exercise who almost never moved her body until now.<br/>
She was purely tired and down for the count.<br/>
Clara-san was bewildered at the large sum of money that surpassed her imagination.<br/>
「E, earning this much money in one day」<br/>
Perhaps it was also that we were in good luck, but more than that, it proved fortunate that recently we were standing out.<br/>
The carriage that didn’t need a horse became famous. There were a lot of adventurers who wanted to try riding it.<br/>
Thanks to that we weren’t troubled to look for customers.<br/>
Poyopoyo was also delighted.<br/>
「With this much money, we will be able to remodel that child even more chicken dickwad!」<br/>
Certainly we wouldn’t be troubled with the remodeling cost with this.<br/>
There were enough leftover even with the amount subtracted for Clara-san’s reward and Shannon’s snack money.<br/>
The Fourth was excited inside the Jewel and wouldn’t shut up.<br/>
『Incredible! Thirty gold coins in just one day! If it’s like this, if we can prepare several carts and create a stable regular service, we will be able to transport the adventurers. If we manage it, then we will be earn a lot!』<br/>
The Fifth yelled angrily.<br/>
『Shut up you miser! In the first place our objective isn’t to do business!』<br/>
We earned an amount that made me felt stupid to work diligently as an adventurer.<br/>
But, I was thinking to draw a line here.<br/>
「……I’ll go to Damian’s place.」<br/>
Clara-san tilted her head.<br/>
「Professor Damian’s place, is it? I think it’s fine to consider this cart finished already though?」<br/>
I looked at the remodeled cart. Certainly the result could be said as finished.<br/>
「No, I have a bit of an idea. Besides, it’s the armored vehicle in the storehouse that I want to move in the end.」<br/>
「You still intend to make that move?」<br/>
There wasn’t any particular emotion in Clara-san’s gaze. She wasn’t exasperated or angry.<br/>
She was simply looking at me.<br/>
「Is it no good? I really like that thing though.」<br/>
Thick armor.<br/>
Brusque appearance.<br/>
Simple design.<br/>
How should I say it, I was growing attached to it when staring at it from nearby.<br/>
Besides, no matter how we remodeled this cart, it was just a cart. The dungeon floor B30 was dangerous.<br/>
If we got attacked by monster, the cart would be destroyed in one attack and become unable to move.<br/>
「I also have my original objective. We’re making various preparations in order to conquer floor B30.」<br/>
Clara-san was impressed hearing those words.<br/>
「So you haven’t forgotten your objective. I thought that Lyle-san had gotten completely absorbed in remodeling the cart.」<br/>
I averted my gaze.<br/>
「Tha, there’s no such thing.」<br/>
The Sixth made fun of me inside the Jewel.<br/>
『Really? You were sometimes working while humming you know? You really had a lot of fun.』<br/>
He really had no shame to say that when they themselves were gradually butting in while we were remodeling the cart.<br/>
Unexpectedly, we might be a family who liked this kind of thing.<br/>
Poyopoyo used a stick to poke at Shannon who wouldn’t move from the cargo bed.<br/>
「Shouldn’t we return soon? You can visit Professor Damian’s lab tomorrow. I think it’s better to go home for today. Shannon is exhausted.」<br/>
She was an idiot brat who got too enthusiastic for the sake of snacks.<br/>
「Will Clara-san also come for dinner?」<br/>
「I guess I will. Or rather, recently I kept getting treated to meals there.」<br/>
Clara-san who was smiling wryly looked slightly cute.<br/>
.<br/>
──Three men were sitting around a table in a small room.<br/>
One of them was a male student wearing the academy’s uniform──a spoiled noble son.<br/>
Opposite him were two adventurers. One was young, while the other one was in the prime of his life and grew out a beard.<br/>
The student, Ludhor placed a bag that was filled with gold coins on the table.<br/>
「The advance payment.」<br/>
The two adventurers checked the contents, and certainly it was filled with the promised amount so they readied themselves to listen to the request.<br/>
The young adventurer with a pretentious attitude, Zalsa reconfirmed the request’s details.<br/>
He was an adventurer but he was wearing a suit. His favorite sword was placed nearby.<br/>
He was a prominent swordsman even in Arumsaas. He was also famous as a gentleman.<br/>
「With this you’re our client. Your request is to attack the party that you designated. It’s alright to murder everyone except the person you specified, is that right?」<br/>
Ludhor folded his arms and made a displeased face.<br/>
He wasn’t even trying to hide that he didn’t want to talk with adventurers from his attitude.<br/>
He was born and raised as a noble. He behaved with confidence as someone standing above others without any doubt.<br/>
「That’s right. I’ll obtain Miranda Circry. That woman’s house is a capital noble with the rank of Viscount. It’s a worthy house for me to marry into. I want to take her back right away.」<br/>
Ludhor was one of the male students aiming for Miranda.<br/>
He asked his house to prepare money which he used to hire adventurers.<br/>
It looked like a hasty action to the two adventurers.<br/>
「I don’t know if he is formerly from a Count house or whatever, but she isn’t a woman that can be allowed to shelter that kind of guy forever.」<br/>
Zalsa’s fingers played with his long hair.<br/>
「I can’t understand the meaning of being that fixated to a flower that is already dirtied. Well, I guess you will endure that much if you can obtain position with that.」<br/>
「Watch your mouth, adventurer. You guys just need to do your job.」<br/>
「Hmm, that’s certainly true. But we too need entertainment. That Lyle party, the women that he’s keeping are all beautiful flowers aren’t they? My comrades said that they want to have fun together with them no matter what.」<br/>
Zalsa was dressed finely, but the smile he was wearing was vulgar. In response Ludhor spoke as though to spit out.<br/>
「You can do whatever you like as long as it doesn’t get found out. Just don’t cause any problems.」<br/>
「What, it’s manners to clean up after having fun. There won’t be any problem as long as we’re careful with the guild cards.」<br/>
Zalsa didn’t have any particular relation with Lyle, but he was going along with the student’s plan simply because he didn’t like Lyle as the reason.<br/>
If there was something that could be a problem, it would be the guild card that was used to determine the life and death of an adventurer. Guild cards existed in pairs, one was carried by the adventurer.<br/>
The other one was kept by the guild. If the name that was carved on the card got scratched, that would mean that the owner’s death was certain.<br/>
The adventurer guild determined the life and death of an adventurer using guild card.<br/>
Sometimes the guild would also dispatch adventurers in order to search or investigate. The bearded adventurer Benir muttered that it would be troublesome if that happened. He confirmed the point that bothered him in the request.<br/>
He was short, but he had thick muscles and fat and also a wide body. His pride was his ability to wield a large hammer with his physical strength.<br/>
Whether it was a monster or a human, Benir always crushed anyone standing in his way.<br/>
「We’re also free to do anything with their possessions right?」<br/>
Ludhor was irritated.<br/>
「I told you to do whatever you like. I don’t have any interest in the possessions of poor people. Also, torture this Lyle guy. I’ll make that noble from the hicks receive the punishment of dirtying my Miranda.」<br/>
Although he said “my”, in the first place Ludhor didn’t love Miranda or anything. He simply desired the position that he thought he would obtain by marrying Miranda.<br/>
Miranda was just an extra, but it made him furious to know that she was dirtied before he obtained her.<br/>
Both Zalsa and Benir noticed that Ludhor’s actual feelings were something like that.<br/>
「Inform me when you learn the day when those guys will challenge the dungeon.」<br/>
After Ludhor left, Benir let out a small sigh.<br/>
「Impertinent noble brat.」<br/>
Zalsa stared at his nail while speaking.<br/>
「There’s no problem as long as he’s paying. However, saving a girl who survived from our attack to obtain her trust. It’s amazing that he can think up something like that.」<br/>
Zalsa laughed in ridicule.<br/>
The two of them were acquainted.<br/>
They had a cooperative relationship going as fellow malicious people who were targeting adventurers.<br/>
「I have been rampaging around as I pleased inside the dungeon but, this kind of request is my first time.」<br/>
Zalsa had a hobby that couldn’t be called praiseworthy.<br/>
「Just to remind you, I won’t hand over the flowers that I found.」<br/>
Benir chuckled.<br/>
「Do as you please. You’re also a strange one. Calling female adventurers flowers and treating them tenderly, what’s with that? You’re an oddball for craving that kind of female.」<br/>
Many of the female adventurers became manly because of the harsh environment.<br/>
Because of that, there were many cases where male adventurers became unable to see them as the opposite sex.<br/>
Zalsa was smirking.<br/>
He was dressed finely, but his nature was rotten.<br/>
「It’s fun to push down and trample strong woman.」<br/>
「Is that so. Well, I won’t have any problem with it as long as you do your part.」<br/>
The two adventurers who were committing crimes inside the dungeon were forming a plan to attack Lyle──<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 