<br/>
Chapter 77 – Farewell<br/>
<br/>
──The threat of the monsters had left the town.<br/>
The tidying up began from the next day.<br/>
They took out the magic stones from the defeated monsters and burned the corpses outside the town.<br/>
The funeral of their dead allies was also waiting.<br/>
Aria was watching such work while expressing her feelings.<br/>
「It’s lonely to be buried here even though their birthplace is in the capital.」<br/>
Many of the dead soldiers were buried at Gioni. Even if they carried the corpses to the capital, it was unknown if there would be anyone who received them.<br/>
Miranda was knowledgeable about the situation in the capital.<br/>
「Even burying corpse will take money after all. Even after we bring them there with great pain, I believe that there will be house that refuse to receive the corpse, so it’ll be better to bury them here.」<br/>
Aria and the others didn’t have the leeway to deal with this on a case-by-case basis. That was why, the corpses were being buried here──in Gioni.<br/>
「I’m saying that’s lonely. Because aren’t they family? Even if there is a grave for them in an unknown land, no one will be able to come to visit it.」<br/>
「……Aria is really kind. But you see, that’s how it is.」<br/>
There must also be family that wanted to accept the corpse, but they had no leeway to confirm it.<br/>
The best they could do was only delivering the articles of the deceased.<br/>
Seeing Aria looking dissatisfied, Miranda was,<br/>
「If it’s here they’ll be able to sleep as the heroes who protected the town.」<br/>
「……That’s true but」<br/>
The two who were really exhausted from the battle yesterday were unable to help with the work. As expected even Miranda was tired. Aria too was only watching the work.<br/>
Aria looked around.<br/>
「What about everyone else?」<br/>
Miranda was chuckling.<br/>
「If it’s Shannon and Novem then they’re looking after Norma. You know, she has to prepare the written report so they’re checking her work.」<br/>
Norma was promised that the achievement this time would belong to her.<br/>
「Sophia is still sleeping, and Monica is still working……what are Clara and Eva doing?」<br/>
「If it’s those two they’re together with Lyle.」<br/>
「Is that so.」<br/>
The two of them were watching over the work──<br/>
.<br/>
──The inn.<br/>
「Why are you appearing at the north gate when you should be giving instructions at the center!?」<br/>
Novem criticized with a slightly loud voice. Norma’s eyes were tearful.<br/>
「Be, because, I was wondering if my role was a bit too inconspicuous.」<br/>
「You’ll be evaluated with your active role as the commander. And yet you’re making this kind of inconsistent report. Its truth will be doubted!」<br/>
Norma was facing the table, while Novem was instructing her like a school teacher or a private tutor. Shannon was also beside them.<br/>
「You’re an idiot aren’t you? At first you even tried to report that all the Hippogriffs were defeated by you.」<br/>
「I, I’m not an idiot! Now listen, my success is hanging on this report!」<br/>
In order to convey how important her role was, Norma prepared a written report that stole the achievements of other people.<br/>
She gave the appropriate instructions from the center while also playing active role at all the four gates! The Hippogriffs were all defeated by her along with a hundred other monsters in addition. That was what she wrote.<br/>
…….No matter who read it they would only think of it as a lie.<br/>
「Protecting the city as the commander and also defeating one Hippogriff is already a great enough achievement. You should hand over the other achievements to your subordinates.」<br/>
Novem too at first was asking her to correct the report by saying「That’s a bit」 or「Writing it a bit like this will be」 with a kind tone. But, Norma who was feeling good from achieving the the Griffon subjugation completely ignored Novem’s opinion.<br/>
Novem was exasperated by that and as the result……Norma was looking tearful.<br/>
「……Because, if I write my role to be bigger then I might become able to be promoted as a one thousand-man knight leader.」<br/>
Norma was having the delusion of skipping past being a hundred-man knight leader and getting promoted straight to a thousand-man knight leader.<br/>
Novem glared.<br/>
「If you wish to play an active role at the frontline then a ten-man knight leader or a hundred-man knight leader will be suitable. You have to learn that for a thousand-man knight leader their job is to consolidate their subordinates and make them raise achievements.」<br/>
「If I do something like that then I’ll be unable to get promotion forever just like Morris.」<br/>
「……If you don’t obey, then we’ll spread out the truth. Are you alright with getting doubted and losing the achievements that you obtained with great pain?」<br/>
Norma tried to talk back at Novem’s threat, but she shut her mouth seeing Shannon smirking.<br/>
Shannon was a daughter of a Viscount. Furthermore, she was a daughter of the Circry House. It was a house that possessed authority……she was someone that she ought to behave modestly against.<br/>
「If you don’t obey then I’ll tattle to Onee-sama.」<br/>
「Ple, please wait. I’ll do as you say. So I’m begging you please don’t get angry!」<br/>
Norma reluctantly rewrote her report.<br/>
「Damn it……why is a daughter of a famous noble in this kind of place?」<br/>
Novem too finally felt relieved that Norma was rewriting her report, but she immediately became expressionless and took away the report.<br/>
In it, it was written that she was giving command at the center while taking a bit of active role at the frontline. It was better than before, but she didn’t understand at all the meaning of what she was told.<br/>
Novem started to rip apart the report to pieces.<br/>
「Rewrite it again.」<br/>
「No wayyyy!」<br/>
Seeing the crying Norma, Shannon was,<br/>
「This woman is really an idiot.」<br/>
Saying that in astonishment──<br/>
.<br/>
The bow training ground that was created in the town.<br/>
It was decided that this training ground that was built in a hurry would be dismantled with the fight over.<br/>
I was watching over Luka’s bow practice before we left.<br/>
Clara-san and Eva-san were beside me.<br/>
Seeing Luka’s bow handling, Eva-san gave him various advice.<br/>
「It seems he knows the basics, so he’ll be fine like this I think.」<br/>
If it was Eva-san who was more knowledgeable in handling a bow than me, surely she wouldn’t teach anything wrong. I was able to watch with a peace of mind.<br/>
「Onee-san, thank you.」<br/>
When Luka said his gratitude, Eva-san looked happy.<br/>
「What a good boy. Here, try this.」<br/>
Luka pulled the bowstring and fired the training arrow.<br/>
I was talking with Clara-san.<br/>
Clara-san was making a complicated face at my question.<br/>
「The moon is pretty, is it?」<br/>
「Yes, when I said that I got the reply that she don’t mind even if she died.」<br/>
「……Lyle-san, you often read books don’t you?」<br/>
「Well, I guess.」<br/>
Clara-san’s face turned into a really conflicted expression, and then she took off her glasses and taught me the answer while looking embarrassed.<br/>
「It means “I love you”. You were alone just with her, and then based from your story the atmosphere was also like that. Aria-san replying that she doesn’t mind even if she died meant that she was saying “I love you too”.」<br/>
「……Eh? But, I said that because the moon is pretty when I looked up!」<br/>
「I guess that’s how it is for Lyle-san. But, Aria-san is unexpectedly a maiden. It’s not strange even if she knows that indirect expression. And yet, if she is replied with words like it’s no good if she really died……. I can only say that it’s good you were forgiven with just something like a slap.」<br/>
While I was dumbfounded, Clara-san was making a face that said 「I don’t understand why you’re looking that surprised」.<br/>
「It’s strange! How can such meaning exist!?」<br/>
「I’m troubled even if you ask me that. It’s an expression that has existed since a long time ago. Well, there are various theories about its origin, but it’s not clear which theory is the correct one. It’s a famous story that is really old.」<br/>
……Just who in the world thought it up? But more importantly, what kind of face I should make from here on when interacting with Aria-san?<br/>
While I was being unable to accept the situation, Eva-san who overheard the conversation joined in.<br/>
「Oh, isn’t it a lovely story? Even so, Lyle’s knowledge is really unbalanced. Even though yesterday you were that amazing, you’re completely like a different person after hearing the story just now. Well, it’s good that there is such a gap. I love something like an unknown side of a hero!」<br/>
Was I becoming a greatly knowledgeable character who could win a battle of this scale at my young age inside Eva-san?<br/>
I wouldn’t say that it was everything, but most of it wasn’t because of my own thinking. I couldn’t tell her that though.<br/>
「Even so Clara, you’re uncouth aren’t you? Things like theory or origin isn’t necessary for this kind of thing. It’s fine as long as the feeling of ‘I love you’ is conveyed to the other party.」<br/>
Clara-san made a slightly irritated face.<br/>
「……It’s not a bad thing to want to know more.」<br/>
「It’s not bad, true. It’s just uncouth. It’s fine if everything is thinking like that isn’t it? What’s important is its meaning of ‘I love you’.」<br/>
It seemed there was a difference with the two’s way of thinking. Clara-san who loved books and Eva-san who loved story. Even though I thought that they would be able to get along.<br/>
For some reason they began to argue.<br/>
「Information should be conveyed accurately. It’s not about being uncouth or not.」<br/>
「It’s something unrelated to the audience, it’s fine as long as the meaning is conveyed. Besides, that kind of story is boring isn’t it?」<br/>
「As expected, Elves are no good. You tend to exaggerate in your stories and songs, you’ll even make alterations. I hate that.」<br/>
「We’re only making it so the story can be conveyed easier with more excitement! If anyone is curious then they can investigate it by themselves as they please. Rather than accuracy, excitement is more important!」<br/>
……It seemed their affinity was bad.<br/>
<br/>
When I tried to stop them, Luka who was in the middle of practice hit the target with his arrow.<br/>
Because it made a pleasant sound, the three of us turned our gazes there. The argument also stopped so I was relieved.<br/>
「I did it! I hit it! Lyle-sama, I hit the target!」<br/>
「You did amazing. Great job.」<br/>
「Ehehe」<br/>
I stroked the head of the delighted Luka.<br/>
Eva-san also looked happy.<br/>
「You’ve a good sense. If it’s like this, I’ll teach you even more things.」<br/>
「Yes!」<br/>
Eva-san was kind to the obedient Luka.<br/>
Shannon came at that time bringing sweets.<br/>
「Geh! There’re three more people here other than Luka.」<br/>
Sweets and drinks were put inside a basket. No matter how I looked at it, it was the share for several people.<br/>
「Ah, Shannon-sama!」<br/>
Seeing Luka happy, Shannon came this way reluctantly.<br/>
「Even though I thought I’ll be able to eat this with only two people if there is only Luka here.」<br/>
This girl, it seemed she planned to eat sweets for five people with only two people.<br/>
.<br/>
Night.<br/>
I called Eva-san in order to make a request.<br/>
The location was inside Porter. Novem was also present.<br/>
When I said the contents of the request, Eva-san made a really displeased face.<br/>
「……You’re telling me to tell what happened here to my fellow elves? By that, you mean that I have to tell other elves the new material that is only known by me don’t you?」<br/>
A new material for an elf was the same like a source of income.<br/>
When exhibiting songs or stories, a lot of people would want to listen just by adding the label that it was new. To say nothing of how the capital would surely be excited by the case this time. ……It would be troubling if we didn’t have them to be excited.<br/>
Eva-san’s reaction was bad in response to my request.<br/>
「Can’t you do something about it? Look, the story that is spread out will be the surface story, while Eva-san will be the only one to know the truth.」<br/>
「My feeling is reluctant. Even if I know the truth I’ll be forbidden to speak it, so there is only demerits for me in this.」<br/>
A fresh topic that she actually experienced herself.<br/>
It must not be amusing for Eva-san that she had to teach it to other elves in traveling performer troupes.<br/>
It was the false story that would be spread out. It would become a story of Norma-san playing a big role as the commander, even so it was about a Griffon subjugation that hadn’t happened for a long time.<br/>
If we returned to the capital surely the place would be roused up.<br/>
Perhaps Eva-san herself might even rise in fame, and yet I’m telling her to teach it around to her fellow performers, so certainly it was a terrible talk for her.<br/>
「I understand, I’ll prepare fifty gold coins. No, how about a hundred gold coins?」<br/>
When I talked about money, Eva-san showed a slight reaction but…….<br/>
「Do, don’t consider me as cheap. If I obtain fame with this material and become a popular performer, I’ll show you that I can obtain that much right away. I’ll grasp fame with my own strength.」<br/>
……I failed in my persuasion.<br/>
My shoulders dropped in dejection. Then Novem took my place and started negotiating.<br/>
「Eva-san.」<br/>
「I won’t do it even if it’s Novem’s request. The reason I worked hard is in order to turn this achievement into a song. My bad but I absolutely won’t do it.」<br/>
Novem nodded several times at Eva-san’s strong rejection.<br/>
「Of course you will. For an elf being able to monopolize a topic that no other knows about will give you a feeling of superiority after all.」<br/>
「That’s right. That’s why, sorry for this.」<br/>
「But──after you perform the song about this once in the capital, I think that your fellow elves and other performers will immediately learn about it.」<br/>
Eva-san went 「Uh!」. Her expression was of someone who got stabbed at where it hurt.<br/>
「Bu, but, even after they heard it once or twice, they won’t be able to win against me who had actually experienced it personally. The amount of information in our possession is different. It’s the amount of information!」<br/>
「Of course. If it’s Eva-san then you’ll immediately become famous.」<br/>
「Tha, thank you.」<br/>
「──And then I think it’s unfortunate.」<br/>
「Eh?」<br/>
「Eva-san also knows that this subjugation force was a sacrificial pawn of the palace don’t you?」<br/>
The subjugation force was originally assumed that it would perish here.<br/>
But such subjugation force actually raised a great achievement. If they returned to the capital then the palace wouldn’t be amused.<br/>
「We will return and Eva-san will sing about our achievement. The palace won’t be amused and seal your mouth. Or perhaps, they will slander Eva-san as a liar spreading false stories.」<br/>
……Would they go that far? No, surely they would.<br/>
If it was Ralph who sent us here to die then it wouldn’t be strange even if he did that.<br/>
「Bu, but, we really did achieve all that. I think that even the palace won’t have any choice but to recognize it.」<br/>
「They might insist that we have done some kind of fraud. There isn’t any certainty, and Eva-san who popularized our achievement might be in danger.」<br/>
If Novem’s talk was concluded, she meant to say that even if we returned after subjugating a Griffon, there was a possibility that the palace would find fault with us and slander us.<br/>
For example, they might say that we did terrible things at a village in the middle of our march. They would spread that kind of rumor and cancell the promotions and rewards. Depending on the situation there was even the possibility of us getting set up as criminal.<br/>
「And so, it will be better to spread the truth──the surface truth beforehand so that when we arrive at the capital they’ll become unable to do anything.」<br/>
In the first place, the real reason why we wanted to spread rumor was this.<br/>
We could also spread the rumor at the village or town that we stop by while going back, but the speed would be different compared to Eva-san spreading the story to her fellow elves.<br/>
The speed of the story spreading would be at a different level.<br/>
That was why I requested her but…….<br/>
「Novem, is it alright to say that much?」<br/>
At first the most I wanted to do was only ask for Eva-san’s cooperation if possible.<br/>
「She has gotten dragged this deep, so I wish to help out Eva-san.」<br/>
Eva-san held her head in front of us looking terribly worried.<br/>
「Da, danger to my life. But, this is a fresh material that is only known by me. Something like teaching it to my fellow elves……but, with my life in danger」<br/>
She was conflicted.<br/>
From my standpoint, one’s own life would be more important compared to any kind of story material, but Eva-san──for an elf it seemed to be a problem that worth to be worried about.<br/>
「……I understand. I’ll teach my fellow elves and ask them to spread it. But, it will take some time.」<br/>
Eva-san gave up and prioritized her own life. Novem nodded to her.<br/>
「Yes. Also, there’s no problem with the time. After all we intend to lend some help with the town and the surrounding area’s repair for a while.」<br/>
If we didn’t help with the recovery until a certain degree, the town would be in danger again.<br/>
It wasn’t just monsters, in this world there were also wicked bandits.<br/>
At the very least we had to make them be able to protect to themselves.<br/>
I didn’t want any result that left a bad taste in my mouth, and it was also a request from the Second.<br/>
.<br/>
──Several days after the battle was over.<br/>
The subjugation force was helping with the recovery of the town in addition to the burial and the clean up.<br/>
Morris exited the town and observed the state of the fields. He was helping with the repair of the devastated fields and houses.<br/>
「It’ll be faster to rebuild with the destruction this bad.」<br/>
Hearing Morris’s words, the old couple who were the owner shook their head. Behind them were two small children.<br/>
「We want to do that but, we have no leeway for that. It’ll be enough if you can just make the house livable.」<br/>
The children’s parents died and so there wasn’t any worker.<br/>
Morris didn’t know what to say to them.<br/>
「We’ll do the best that we can.」<br/>
He said that and instructed his subordinates.<br/>
Then, a participant of the subjugation force who wasn’t from knight lineage raised his hand.<br/>
「Err, I’m from a carpenter family so I think I’ll be able to manage something if I just have the tools.」<br/>
Morris was surprised.<br/>
「Really?」<br/>
「Yes. If I can borrow the tools that were used for the work, I’ll be able to fix the house to be livable somehow.」<br/>
When the carpenter’s son said that, the surroundings looked relieved.<br/>
And then one more person──a middle aged man raised his hand.<br/>
「……I’ll do something about the field.」<br/>
「Can you do it?」<br/>
「I ran away from the countryside and came to the capital. I had been living in the slums all this time but……」<br/>
It seemed the middle aged man who was thin and wearing ragged clothes participated in this subjugation force to change his life.<br/>
(These people were decided to be members in my group without consulting me when composing the group but, could it be they were added as my subordinates knowing this? If that’s the case, then Lyle-kun is really tactful at that young age.)<br/>
Lyle was also the one giving instruction regarding the assistance of subjugation force in the recovery work.<br/>
Morris thought that it was helpful there were people with the capability or the knowledge to do the work, but he also noticed that they were placed here by Lyle who understood from the start the skill of each person.<br/>
(He is far more reliable than the likes of me. Perhaps a hero is someone like Lyle-kun.)<br/>
Morris felt ashamed that he thought of Lyle as someone still young with little experience──<br/>
.<br/>
While the recovery work was progressing.<br/>
I was holding a report with one hand.<br/>
I was teaching Luka how to use a hatchet on a high ground.<br/>
I watched how Luka was doing while hearing the report from Clara-san.<br/>
「There are ten people who decide to stay behind in the town. Patto-san is happy and grateful because the number of male help in this town has decreased.」<br/>
It would be troubling if the number of men were few, so Patto-san would surely accept the immigration happily.<br/>
Even so, I never thought that there would be people who decided not to return to the capital and live here instead.<br/>
「On the contrary there are around twenty people who want to go to the capital and will come along with us.」<br/>
I was surprised and almost burst out. When I thought that our number would decrease by ten, another twenty joined up, what’s with that?<br/>
「Why?」<br/>
「It seems they lost their houses and fields. After that, there are also a lot of young people who want to try going to the capital.」<br/>
「They should just live in their birthplace. I’ve bought food and raw materials from the surrounding villages and towns. They can just go independent and help out here.」<br/>
Clara-san was making a complicated expression.<br/>
「Lyle-san who is going that far is strange when thinking from common sense. In the first place, I think normally anyone would return right away after subjugating the Griffon.」<br/>
It seemed that I was strange for helping with the recovery and also taking care of various other things after that.<br/>
Certainly, this wasn’t my own territory.<br/>
Spending effort and a lot of money like this would look stupid from other people’s perspective.<br/>
I returned my gaze to Luka. He was swinging a hatchet and training hard.<br/>
──In the first place, the reason I was going this far was because of the Second’s request.<br/>
And then if I raised one more reason, it was because of Luka.<br/>
Certainly he was an existence that was like a cute little brother, but even more than that the possibility of him being a descendant of the Walt House was high.<br/>
「The Sixth had caused trouble after all. There are people who’ll be annoyed if I don’t work a bit harder.」<br/>
Clara-san tilted her head in puzzlement when I grumbled.<br/>
「What’s the matter?」<br/>
「Actually it’s because a relative was causing trouble in this area. It’s something that happened a long time ago, but this is like atonement for that relative.」<br/>
「A relative causing trouble? Is that so.」<br/>
Clara-san’s expression was lacking that I didn’t understand whether she was convinced or not.<br/>
Luka looked up at my face from below.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, have you ever come to this town before?」<br/>
「Never. But, my relative once came here. It seems that various things really happened at that time.」<br/>
「Then, there is a granny who is really well-informed. How about asking her?」<br/>
I got a bit curious and decided to listen to that granny’s story.<br/>
I wouldn’t be able to understand the truth no matter what just from the Sixth’s story. It would be interesting too to listen to the story of this well-informed granny.<br/>
.<br/>
The granny at the evacuation shelter was drinking plain hot water.<br/>
When I came together with Luka and said that I want to ask about past story, she readily accepted if it was only that much.<br/>
However…….<br/>
「……About Luka’s ancestor you said?」<br/>
The face of the gentle looking granny suddenly changed into an annoyed expression when she listened to the subject that I wanted to ask.<br/>
Luka tilted his head. I became a little bit scared to ask.<br/>
「Ye, yes, that’s right. I wonder that perhaps, his ancestor was someone who came from another place.」<br/>
The granny dropped her gaze to the cup she was holding.<br/>
「……I too didn’t see or hear it directly. It’s a story that I only heard later. It’s a story from when I was still young and this place wasn’t a town but a small village.」<br/>
An unpleasant atmosphere was also drifting inside the Jewel.<br/>
『……Eh, isn’t the atmosphere bad?』<br/>
『It’s not certain that it’s a story of the Sixth but……』<br/>
『Somehow I want to hear it, but I also don’t want to hear it……』<br/>
『……It’s still not decided that it’s a story about me.』<br/>
『It’s unsightly that you say so.』<br/>
──The voices were minus one. Another voice had vanished.<br/>
「This kid’s family was a family of hunters from that time. One day, a youngster who seemed to have high status stopped by here. The one taking care of him was a single daughter of that hunter family.」<br/>
The Sixth recognized it.<br/>
『Ah, that was me.』<br/>
……So it was you as expected huh.<br/>
「He was a big man and looked strong. He was a fierce warrior who exterminated a monster that troubled the village by himself. He was living in the village without the villagers being able to speak strongly to him.」<br/>
The Seventh talked with a rough voice from irritation.<br/>
『Oh, it seems that person was really a bother.』<br/>
「But, the daughter fell in love with him. She soon was pregnant with a child. The child was a boy so the daughter’s parents were also really happy. A young man like you might not really understand the circumstance but, sometimes the injection of new blood from outside is also a good thing for the village. The village also didn’t say anything about it.」<br/>
Certainly it was something that I didn’t really understand. Was the Third knowledgeable about this? It felt like the Second would be knowledgeable about this kind of circumstance.<br/>
「However, the young man immediately left the village after that. It seemed that he left behind some amount of money, but the daughter was really sad.」<br/>
The Third and the Fourth spoke coldly to the Sixth.<br/>
『……The worst.』<br/>
『This fiend.』<br/>
The Sixth made excuses.<br/>
『It won’t be strange that even you guys had a child in another place! Lyle, listen well. Sometimes when feudal lords like us goes to a village, the village might assign a village girl to us to take care of our needs. I’m telling you that I’m not the only one who is bad!』<br/>
It only sounded like an excuse.<br/>
The Fifth laughed scornfully.<br/>
『In that period it was when you ran away from home wasn’t it? Then, you were just a stupid son who ran away from home, so there was no way the village would assign you a village girl to take care of your needs. You’re in the wrong.』<br/>
The Seventh also jumped on the bandwagon.<br/>
『That’s right, you’re in the wrong.』<br/>
The granny’s story continued.<br/>
「After that, the boy grew up splendidly. But, the daughter who became a mother didn’t marry till the end. She said that it was because that person might return back someday.」<br/>
At this moment, my evaluation towards the Sixth inside me dropped a lot.<br/>
The other ancestors must be the same too.<br/>
But, the Sixth alone was,<br/>
『……So you were waiting all that time for me, Angie!』<br/>
He was feeling moved for some reason, but it was a line that was unthinkable to come from a man who didn’t even go to meet her because he was scared of his wives. This guy is the worst. Apologize to Angie-san.<br/>
「I too only heard the story, but that daughter is really pitiful. I want to give my complaints to the man who abandoned her.」<br/>
I was also filled with apologetic feelings. I’m really sorry for my ancestor.<br/>
「But──」<br/>
「Bu, but?」<br/>
I was fearful that there was still more. But then granny said something strange.<br/>
「After that the village became really prosperous. For some reason while the boy was alive, it seemed there was aid from somewhere. The adults who knew the situation at that time shut their mouths and absolutely wouldn’t say what was going on. Because of that even I don’t know what happened. Other people were saying rumors that surely the man was a noble from a good place, so he was sending aid to the village.」<br/>
Someone was sending aid? From the Sixth’s story, he shouldn’t have done anything.<br/>
The Fifth also said  『I don’t know anything』, the Seventh too said 『I also don’t know about that』. It also wasn’t the Sixth secretly giving help. The person himself was only showing the reaction of 『Eh, there was something like that?』.<br/>
Luka looked bored. It seemed he didn’t understand the talk.<br/>
「Err, is Luka that man’s descendant?」<br/>
The granny slowly nodded at my question.<br/>
「Yes. I wish that this child will safely grow up and become old like me.」<br/>
With this it was certain that Luka was a relative.<br/>
The ancestors were relieved.<br/>
『I’m glad. I’m really glad we asked Lyle to work hard.』<br/>
『My conscience feels hurt. Because of a certain someone’s fault.』<br/>
『I’m really sorry for what my idiot son did.』<br/>
『Don’t suddenly act like a damn father! The Fifth──no, it’s you who is the real fiend!』<br/>
『Shut up, this stupid idiot! Taking that attitude even though you were scared by mothers and couldn’t do anything, it’s pathetic. However, I wonder which house sent that aid?』<br/>
I asked the granny.<br/>
「About the aiding house, is there really no information about it at all?」<br/>
The granny shook her head.<br/>
「I didn’t hear anything about it. But, the adults were really on their guard. We talked between us that perhaps the condition of receiving the aid was for them to keep the name a secret. Thanks to that the village grew bigger, but now we have to start from zero. More importantly, Luka is looking really sleepy.」<br/>
When I looked there, Luka was dozing off while standing on his feet.<br/>
I couldn’t ask anymore than this, so let’s end this here. Or rather……I wanted to finish with this story already.<br/>
But, after hearing the story I was thinking to pour all my strength into this town’s recovery.<br/>
.<br/>
Eva-san returned two weeks later.<br/>
At that time, we were also entered the preparation to leave.<br/>
I felt reluctant to leave, but we were also unable to remain here forever.<br/>
There was also how our food was about to run out, but more than that the palace would move ahead if we took too much time. We had to return before that.<br/>
It seemed that Eva-san also spread the rumor to the surrounding villages and towns. She said that the circulation would surely reach the capital too before long.<br/>
「When we arrive at the capital, there might be a lot of people who know the story already.」<br/>
In that case the palace also wouldn’t be able to extinguish the flame.<br/>
If there were only few people in the know then they would be able to shut them up. In the worse case, they would even consider erasing a small city and its surrounding from the map.<br/>
But, they should hesitate if the rumor had spread too widely and the targets that had to be erased were too many.<br/>
Around the time when we returned and the rumor had spread in the capital, surely there would be a lot of spectators there.<br/>
I listened to the report from Eva-san, then I said my thanks and handed her a bag filled with gold coins.<br/>
「Thank you very much. Also, this is the reward.」<br/>
Eva-san accepted it, but she then looked seriously at my face.<br/>
「Err, what is it?」<br/>
「Hm~……I’m also considering various things. I’ve thought about it before too but, if I’m together with Lyle then perhaps even more interesting things will happen.」<br/>
「Usually we are ordinary you know?」<br/>
「What ordinary?」<br/>
She said it like usually we weren’t ordinary. I tried to retort back, but Eva-san said to me.<br/>
「Hey, can I travel together with you for a while? I’ll leave the capital too anyway, and it’s also pleasant staying together with Lyle and the others. It’s also not boring.」<br/>
「With us? I don’t really mind but……Novem she, how should I say it」<br/>
Novem was strict in the matter of choosing comrades, or rather her standard was different in the first place. She was perfect as a partner, and yet she was problematic only in that.<br/>
「It’s fine. I had also told Novem. She said that it’s fine for me to come along if Lyle gives your permission.」<br/>
「So you’ve finished discussing it with Novem. Got it, I’ll permit it.」<br/>
I also had to talk with the other members. What would Miranda-san say? More importantly, would Clara-san oppose this?<br/>
Various troubles were really increasing when the number of people increased.<br/>
But, even such complications felt better for me compared to loneliness.<br/>
「Thank you. It’s fine, I’ll be useful. Besides, I’ll sing for everyone anytime. It won’t be free though.」<br/>
「You’re charging there?」<br/>
「Naturally. I won’t sell it cheap. Well, if I’m in the mood then I’ll sing for everyone free of charge.」<br/>
The boisterous Eva-san temporarily joined our party like this.<br/>
.<br/>
The day for the subjugation force to leave arrived.<br/>
People remaining here, people who conversely departing, there were also the change of people but……how should I say it, the parting was complex.<br/>
「I love you, my second home town!」<br/>
「Fuh, farewell」<br/>
「I’ll come to meet you again, you guys!」<br/>
There were a lot of people in high tension who were painful to look at.<br/>
This was also one of the reasons we didn’t immediately return to the capital. From the fight with the Griffon, a lot of people went through Growth. There were also a lot of people who never experienced growth decently until now, so the battle this time became a great experience for them.<br/>
Because of that, after a while people who became unable to work due to bad physical state appeared one after another.<br/>
They obtained a lot of experience, and so the period of them being in bad shape also became longer, which was bad.<br/>
Even the people who were alright collapsed in succession after several days and entered the pre-Growth period.<br/>
As a result, the course of events moved in the direction of it was better to stay here until the situation calmed down.<br/>
The eyes of the allies who became calm after going through the high tension post-Growth were just terrible. Their eyes looked like dead fish.<br/>
「……Was I also the same like that?」<br/>
「Don’t say it! Forget it quickly.」<br/>
「I’m glad this isn’t my home town.」<br/>
……I myself was twitching nervously of when I would enter my Growth, but it seemed that this time I wouldn’t be in a bad shape pre-Growth.<br/>
My two times Growth dealt a deep wound on my heart.<br/>
The same thing mustn’t happen ever again. I mustn’t cause them.<br/>
When the subjugation force was walking out of the town, the townspeople and the allies who remained behind in the town came to see us off. There were also a lot of people who were watching the high post-Growth tensioned group with a complicated expression.<br/>
There was a boy crying near me.<br/>
He was carrying the bow that I used on his back. A hatchet was dangling on his waist.<br/>
「Lyle-sama, you’re leaving?」<br/>
I was an adventurer. I couldn’t stay here forever.<br/>
I was reluctant but let’s depart.<br/>
「I’m an adventurer after all. Luka……become strong so you can at least protect someone.」<br/>
Shannon who was acting like a big sister towards Luka looked at me with a disgusted face.<br/>
「Lyle is saying something that doesn’t suit yourself. Luka, you mustn’t become like this guy. You understand?」<br/>
……Yosh, it’s decided that I’d give this girl a finger flick on her forehead later.<br/>
「Whether you become a hunter or an adventurer, you should become strong at least. After that──」<br/>
I looked at Clara-san.<br/>
Her hands were holding picture books and simple books.<br/>
「I’ll give you these. Please use them to study reading and writing.」<br/>
Luka’s mother looked troubled.<br/>
「Err, there is no way we can receive something expensive like──」<br/>
Clara-san shook her head.<br/>
「We aren’t using these. These are Shannon-san’s old books.」<br/>
It was a lie. Clara-san prepared these books using her Art.<br/>
Luka accepted the books. He looked at the books’ titles and rejoiced.<br/>
「I read these books together with Shannon-sama. Novem-sama and Monica-sama also read them for me.」<br/>
Shannon brushed up her hair.<br/>
「Luka, I’ll allow you to call me as Shannon “onee-chan”.」<br/>
Shannon acted self-importantly. You also had someone else read book for you, so why were you acting more proudly than Luka?<br/>
「Yes, Shannon-oneechan!」<br/>
Shannon looked happy to be called Onee-chan. After seeing her I,<br/>
「Use them to study to read and write. Surely it will be useful.」<br/>
「……Yes.」<br/>
Luka looked down.<br/>
The time for our departure came. Morris-san mounted his horse and called out to us.<br/>
「Lyle-kun, let’s depart soon.」<br/>
Morris-san then went around calling out to everyone. I saw him off before turning back to Luka.<br/>
「Let’s meet again one day.」<br/>
「Yes!」<br/>
Clara-san climbed up on the driver’s seat and turned on the engine. It made a loud sound.<br/>
We also climbed in but, the other members were already inside Porter, this was…….<br/>
Shannon and I moved to the roof, went outside, and saw the scene of the townspeople waving their hands at us.<br/>
Shannon waved around both her hands energetically.<br/>
Porter started moving and gradually took distance from the town. Shannon was crying.<br/>
「……Are you sad?」<br/>
「Shut up. Someone heartless like you won’t understand my feelings!」<br/>
「Yes, yes. That’s right. I’m heartless.」<br/>
It must be painful for Shannon to bid farewell to a little brother that she made for the first time. I too understood her feeling a bit.<br/>
「We can meet him again one day.」<br/>
「I don’t need any poor consolation. Besides, if you leave the country then I’ll also end up leaving the country. I won’t be able to meet Luka like that.」<br/>
In the future, I would aim towards a foreign country that was called the adventurer capital──Beim. Certainly, the possibility of being able to meet him again was really low.<br/>
「There is possibility as long as you’re alive.」<br/>
Yes, there was a possibility as long as we were alive.<br/>
Luka continued to wave his hands until he was unable to see us anymore.<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 