<br/>
Chapter 81 – Remlraudt’s Miracle<br/>
<br/>
Snow was falling and piling up in the capital.<br/>
There were also sunny days, but snow would fall right after that. Such weather was continuing.<br/>
There were also merchants at the first floor of the inn where we were staying. They were talking with troubled expressions.<br/>
「We can’t move like this.」<br/>
「This year is cold after all. I’ve the feeling it will still continue to snow.」<br/>
「Just be glad that it didn’t start snowing while we are on the road.」<br/>
It was terrible just from the snow falling.<br/>
We too wanted to get out of the capital, and yet we couldn’t move.<br/>
Aria-san and Sophia-san opened the inn’s door and showed themselves.<br/>
I approached the two.<br/>
「How was it?」<br/>
Aria-san shook her head while brushing off the snow on her clothes.<br/>
「No good. The road is so buried with snow that it cannot be seen. We can see the outline of something like a road but, it’s dangerous to travel on that.」<br/>
The two who checked the situation outside for me were slightly shivering from the cold.<br/>
「The connecting coach also cannot move. The merchants near the gate also told us that it’s not recommended to go outside.」<br/>
My shoulders dropped.<br/>
「So it’s impossible to depart.」<br/>
I gave up that there was nothing to be done. There Clara-san came down from the second floor and came towards us.<br/>
「You two have just returned from outside? Then, please tell me if the shops are open or not.」<br/>
Sophia-san answered with a smile.<br/>
「If it’s the bookstore, then it’s open. A lot of the shops are operating normally. Everyone in the capital is a hard worker.」<br/>
Aria-san also told Clara-san.<br/>
「The food stalls aren’t open though. Are you going out?」<br/>
Clara-san gave a small nod.<br/>
「I’ve read all the books I have, so I’m thinking to purchase new ones.」<br/>
「Everything? You have nearly twenty books.」<br/>
「There are thirty. Then, I’ll head outside for shopping.」<br/>
She had read that many?<br/>
I was also surprised. Then Sophia-san called out to Clara-san who wanted to go out.<br/>
「It’s dangerous to go alone.」<br/>
We had just finished the transaction with Ralph-san.<br/>
The Sixth was chuckling.<br/>
『That brat Ralph might think about taking revenge after all.』<br/>
It was strange to say this when I was the one tricking him but──it wouldn’t be strange even if he wanted payback.<br/>
We planned to leave the capital as soon as possible.<br/>
Because we couldn’t move due to the snow, even now we were on our guard against Ralph-san and avoided from acting alone.<br/>
When I looked at Aria-san and Sophia-san, the two of them looked like they didn’t want to go outside again.<br/>
I also considered calling someone, but…….<br/>
「Then, I’ll go together with you.」<br/>
Clara-san’s expression felt like it softened slightly.<br/>
「Thank you very much. Then, let’s go.」<br/>
The person herself seemed to be in a good mood because we went to buy books.<br/>
The Third spoke.<br/>
『Clara-chan really likes books. I want to try speaking with her once.』<br/>
I wondered if I would be able to introduce the ancestors one day. Thinking for a bit, I imagined that the surroundings surely wouldn’t believe it and give up.<br/>
Even though the Third said something like wanting to talk, the ancestors had no intention to tell anyone about themselves other than to me.<br/>
……If they were going to vanish one day, then that would be unnecessary. I got the feeling that was what they thought.<br/>
.<br/>
We visited three bookstores before returning.<br/>
Because it was really cold, we stopped by at a café that looked warm.<br/>
Quite a lot of people were entering the café because it was snowing and they couldn’t endure the cold.<br/>
A couple were sitting on a nearby table face to face while holding each other’s hand and conversing.<br/>
「It will be soon.」<br/>
「Hm? Ah, that talk huh.」<br/>
The man seemed to recall something else after 「that talk」 and started a different topic.<br/>
「It seems that person is still staying in the capital.」<br/>
「She doesn’t know when to give up. As a fellow woman I think that’s improper.」<br/>
「Isn’t that right.」<br/>
I didn’t know what they were talking about, but it seemed like they were talking about a woman.<br/>
I wasn’t interested so I drank my warm drink.<br/>
It was nice how my chilled body was gradually warming up, but it made me feel that going outside was bothersome.<br/>
Clara-san was sitting in front of me and reading a book since some time ago.<br/>
「Is it interesting?」<br/>
When I tried asking casually, Clara-san lifted her face and nodded slightly.<br/>
And then, she showed me the book’s title.<br/>
The title was written as 『The Truth of Remlraudt』.<br/>
There was a region called Remlraudt. In the past the Bahnseim Kingdom won a war and obtained that region. It was near the Walt House’s territory.<br/>
「Is it a history book?」<br/>
Clara-san shook her head.<br/>
「The writing is about Remlraudt’s miracle. It’s a book that was published recently. I was told that it’s popular so I tried buying it. This isn’t unrelated with Lyle-san too you know?」<br/>
She said that the thick book wrote about the war that was called the Miracle of Remlraudt.<br/>
It wasn’t about me, but about the war that my ancestor Sleigh Walt was involved in.<br/>
The Third ended up being called as the righteous general from that war and the Walt House’s name was engraved in history.<br/>
However──<br/>
『Remlraudt’s miraclee~? That’s not a miracle.』<br/>
──The person himself sounded really displeased.<br/>
Clara-san was talking with a bit of passion in her voice because it was about a book that she loved.<br/>
「The author investigated about Remlraudt’s miracle independently. At that time every country sought to expand their territory. It was an era of fierce fighting, so it’s also popular as the warring states period. Various people investigated this period, but this book is especially interesting.」<br/>
「Warring states period huh.」<br/>
「It seems that Remlraudt’s miracle was the war that ended such a warring states period. The author wrote that there was great meaning in that battle.」<br/>
Is that so, I thought, but the Third who lived in such period was showing a strange reaction.<br/>
『Certainly there was a lot of wars, so it could be called as a warring states period but……in the first place, the Bahnseim Kingdom was in the wrong.』<br/>
……Eh?<br/>
The Fourth seemed like he also wasn’t really knowledgeable about it. He got curious.<br/>
『Is that so?』<br/>
『Because, Remlraudt only reacted to the disaster that was befalling them. Even the reason the war started was horrible. After all it was a false accusation. Even we were appalled by it.』<br/>
Clara-san looked at me with a slightly embarrassed look.<br/>
「E, err……also, his majesty the king at that time and……Lyle-san’s honorable ancestor had a relationship that surpassed that of lord and retainer. That’s what written here.」<br/>
「Eh?」<br/>
『Eh?』<br/>
My voice overlapped with the Third. Clara-san continued her story for me.<br/>
「The Bahnseim Kingdom went with the tactic to surround and annihilate the opposition, in response, Remlraudt’s side carried out a counterattack to breakthrough at one point. At that time, Lyle-san’s honorable ancestor Sleigh Walt-san led few soldiers and charged into the enemy army. He bought time at the risk of his life in order to protect the main headquarters.」<br/>
「Is that so? I didn’t know.」<br/>
「……Even for a knight who swore loyalty to his majesty the king, it’s rare for someone to go that far. It seemed that there was also a lot of homosexuality among the knights and soldiers……that’s, at that time such thing was popular and seemed normal. That’s what is written here. That’s why, the author wondered if the two had that kind of relationship.」<br/>
The Third was screaming even though the outside wouldn’t be able to hear his voice. The Third who normally was making fun of other people with a smile was spilling out his rage from the bottom of his heart.<br/>
『Me and that guy having a relationship, THERE IS NO WAY THAT’S TRUEEEE! Stop it! I won’t forgive that kind of groundless rumor! Furthermore what does she mean by homosexuality was normal!? Don’t screw around! Furthermore what’s with that lord and retainer thing huh!』<br/>
The enraged Third couldn’t talk calmly.<br/>
I ignored him and asked about the story from Clara-san.<br/>
「According to the author’s investigation, apparently his majesty the king was really partial to Sleigh-san’s son. The Walt House that was a house of quasi-Baron at that time was promoted to a Baron house. That’s what is written here.」<br/>
The Fourth affirmed it.<br/>
『That’s right. Thanks to that there was so much difficulties.』<br/>
「Facts are written here that they received special treatment, like his majesty introducing a marriage partner to the son.」<br/>
I couldn’t give any clear answer to Clara-san.<br/>
「……I, I think I’ve heard about something like that once.」<br/>
「Is that so? Then, perhaps what is written in this book is the truth.」<br/>
The Third strongly insisted to me.<br/>
『Lyle! Solve this misunderstanding no matter what. At this rate, baseless rumors like me having a relationship with that shitty bastard will spread far and wide. I absolutely won’t forgive that. Protect my honor!』<br/>
……No, I too didn’t know about the matter of that time.<br/>
「E, err, I think the Third──Sleigh Walt didn’t have that kind of relationship with his majesty.」<br/>
「Is that a fact that is only known by family? Then, please tell me which part is different.」<br/>
Clara-san’s eyes sparkled bright. She fixed the position of her glasses and started preparing her memo. She looked really happy.<br/>
「……So, sorry. Wait for a bit. I want time to remember various things.」<br/>
「Yes! I’ll wait.」<br/>
Her expression turned a bit disappointed, but she immediately made a happy smile. The Third was crying and shouting seeing Clara-san like that.<br/>
『Lyle you idiot! Dispel Clara-chan’s misunderstanding right away! This is horrible. THOSE IDIOTIC HISTORIANS OF LATER GENERATIONSSSS!』<br/>
By the way, the author was a woman.<br/>
.<br/>
Inside the Jewel.<br/>
After we returned to the inn, the Third told me to come immediately so I came but…….<br/>
The Third was standing in front of the door to the room of memories behind his chair.<br/>
『……Now, let’s go.』<br/>
His normally soft gaze was really sharp and cloudy.<br/>
『I need Lyle to know everything.』<br/>
「……Say, is the truth really that different?」<br/>
The other ancestors didn’t make any interjection at the Third’s atmosphere that differed from usual.<br/>
Only the Fourth called out.<br/>
『I also don’t know about the full story of that time. I’m also bothered that the Third is this bothered about it, can I come along?』<br/>
『That’s fine. Come on, follow me.』<br/>
The Third wasn’t composed like usual. He led us to enter the room of memories. When the door opened and we entered──it was the scene of a battlefield.<br/>
The sky was covered with thick clouds.<br/>
It seemed it was raining. Both armies were soaked with mud while firing arrows at each other.<br/>
Sometimes magic was fired. Screams and the sound explosions could be heard.<br/>
On the ground……there were the figures of many motionless people.<br/>
The Fourth narrowed his gaze.<br/>
『This is at Remlraudt, isn’t it?』<br/>
The Third nodded. His gaze was poured at his own figure on a horse while taking command.<br/>
『That shitty bastard, he proclaimed a territory expansion and launched war on the surroundings. It was because Bahnseim was relatively big. He invaded the surroundings one after another.』<br/>
The battle that the Third──Sleigh Walt participated in was also one of those invasion wars.<br/>
Sleigh was holding a sword on his horse while giving instructions to his surroundings.<br/>
『Don’t do anything stupid! It’ll be our win if we can buy time!』<br/>
He was leading around 150 soldiers──they were his territory’s populace.<br/>
There were also the figures of several knights.<br/>
The Third was explaining apathetically.<br/>
『Thanks to the Second establishing various things, at that time our territory was expanding smoothly. The number of new settlements was also increasing, and the surroundings of our mansion was also getting lively. There was also a market being held periodically, and also shops getting opened.』<br/>
It seemed that at that time the populace numbered more than a thousand.<br/>
The Fourth was nostalgic.<br/>
『Before the promotion, it was quite relaxing wasn’t it?』<br/>
『Perhaps the Fourth is feeling indebted to that shitty bastard, but from where I’m standing, I feel that what he had done for you was only natural. Bluntly speaking I hate war.』<br/>
While defending against the attacking enemy, their allies arrived and defeated the enemy.<br/>
Sleigh was watching that occurrence on his horse.<br/>
The memory fast forwarded. Sleigh was walking among the defeated enemy soldiers.<br/>
Among the dead enemy soldiers, there was a survivor who was still young. When Sleigh approached, that soldier was──<br/>
『You accursed Bahnseim fiend! Go to hell!』<br/>
He yelled that and vomited blood and then he ran out of strength.<br/>
The Third hid his face with one hand.<br/>
『……It was really hell. Certainly there was also the reason why the territory had to be expanded. At that time the number of the popultion increased too much. Bad harvests happened continuously and difficulty to obtain food occurred frequently. We had to steal from others in order to live.』<br/>
There was no food, and if they were careless, then fellow nobles of Bahnseim would fight each other and the country would be exhausted.<br/>
At such time, the policy that the Bahnseim Kingdom created was──territory expansion.<br/>
Rather than having domestic conflicts, steal from foreign countries instead. That was the policy.<br/>
『The region called Weihs was rich. There were no bad harvests or hunger. But, the other territories were different. If we didn’t participate in the war, then the nobles of the same country might come attacking our territory. It was possible they would seek food by stealing everything inside our territory.』<br/>
The structure of the country called Bahnseim was the feudal lords obeying the kingdom as the one with the most strength.<br/>
There wasn’t really any loyalty there, they were following the kingdom’s authority because of the kingdom’s power──the military power, the economic power, and so on behind the kingdom.<br/>
The awareness between each other that they were fellow people of the same country was thin.<br/>
That was why, feudal lords of the same country could be in battle with each other.<br/>
『There wasn’t any choice of not joining the war. But you see, the shitty bastard who inherited the throne after that didn’t understand that.』<br/>
The scene changed. The soldiers of Bahnseim were attacking the villages of the enemy country.<br/>
The knights and soldiers were pillaging even the urban area. A terrible scene was unfolding.<br/>
Sleigh was taking distance and watched the sight that was painful to even be looked at.<br/>
One of the subordinates suggested to Sleigh.<br/>
『My lord, aren’t we going to join them?』<br/>
Among the subordinates who were ordered to not participate in the pillage, there were also people who felt dissatisfaction.<br/>
Sleigh glared at him.<br/>
『I ordered you not to join.』<br/>
『But, everyone is doing it. We should make a little bit of money here──』<br/>
Sleigh swung his sword. That soldier’s neck was severed. The blood spurt showered him, but he didn’t even twitch his eyebrow and ordered the surroundings once more.<br/>
『──Stand by here. I’ll cut down those who join in the pillage without mercy.』<br/>
Unlike the Third who I usually watched, Sleigh was really scary on the battlefield.<br/>
The Third looked at his past self and muttered that he was pathetic.<br/>
『I couldn’t do anything except watch. I couldn’t even stop them or save the victims. If there is someone who calls this me as a righteous general, then that person must be a big idiot.』<br/>
The Fourth denied that.<br/>
『I think it’s honorable just from not participating in this.』<br/>
『Honorable? You’re wrong. It was a calculated thought. This is different from stripping off the belonging of those who came attacking you. ……Before long, doing this will make you want to go to war for the sake of pillaging.』<br/>
The people who learned how profitable pillaging was would gradually feel less guilt.<br/>
It would become even more severe through each fight.<br/>
They would want even more each time they pillaged.<br/>
『It was crazy. Everyone was crazy, and then they made a blunder at Remlraudt.』<br/>
The scene changed once more. It was inside a tent.<br/>
A man who was even younger than Sleigh was sitting on an extravagant chair.<br/>
He was wearing a shiny armor and around him there were knights serving him.<br/>
I could also see the figures of people who seemed to be feudal lords participating in the war.<br/>
Sleigh was also in this place, apparently as an escort of one of the participating feudal lords──a Baron.<br/>
『I don’t have any lord and retainer relationship with that guy. The Baron who I was indebted to back home was participating, so I also joined reluctantly.』<br/>
This Baron, apparently he was the caregiver of the Walt House at that time──a noble who possessed the strength to consolidate his surroundings. It seemed that the Walt House also obeyed a Baron house in their position as a dependent.<br/>
The Fourth’s glasses glinted mysteriously when he looked at the Baron.<br/>
He was glaring with a sharp gaze.<br/>
『……You two look really close.』<br/>
The Third seemed to guess something. He spoke about that time indifferently.<br/>
『It was because Ojii-chan was a dragon slayer and Tou-san was feared with how he defeated a ton of monsters and bandits. The impression in the Baron’s mind was that the Walt House was a house that was reliable on the battlefield, something like that I guess. We were called every time each time he joined a battle.』<br/>
A meeting was being held inside the tent.<br/>
The king at that time was young. He wore extravagant armor and held the right of command. He was explaining the tactic in front of a map.<br/>
『The idiots of Remlraudt insulted us as atrocious and inhuman. We shall deliver them a clean destruction. Our side has prepared an army that is three times bigger than them. We’ll surround and exterminate them. That’s the tactic this time.』<br/>
The surrounding knights were unanimously praising the king.<br/>
『Magnificent tactic my lord.』<br/>
『The cowards of Remlraudt must be scared and trembling seeing our numbers around this time.』<br/>
『I’m worried instead that they’ll run away before the battle.』<br/>
The participating feudal lords were watching them with cold eyes.<br/>
I felt like the temperature inside the tent was split into two.<br/>
「Say, this is──」<br/>
『Hm? Ah, the people around the shitty bastard are the capital noble bunch. Those guys handed out the obtained territory to their favorite vassals. There were also some guys who obeyed the shitty bastard among the feudal lords, but……most feudal lords already washed their hands of him around this time.』<br/>
The Baron and Sleigh were talking with small voices.<br/>
『Sleigh, what do you think?』<br/>
『We’re exhausted from the continuous wars. We also didn’t manage to procure decent equipment. Even though we are three times the enemy’s number, I can’t feel relieved.』<br/>
『I heard that the enemy’s fighting spirit is high?』<br/>
『It’s extremely high due to their hatred towards Bahnseim. That’s just how atrocious the deeds that we have committed against them are.』<br/>
The surrounding feudal lords also had the same opinion.<br/>
『The capital nobles are doing nothing except commanding from behind.』<br/>
『It’s only us who gets worn down.』<br/>
『These guys monopolized all the achievements.』<br/>
The king who obtained a string of victories looked cocky even from my eyes. He only lent his ears to the praise from his surroundings, while saying things like 「Too passive」「You guys just need to obey the order」「You coward」 without any respect.<br/>
The young king said.<br/>
『Encircle the fools of Remlraudt and exterminate them!』<br/>
Sleigh was watching that scene with a cold gaze.<br/>
.<br/>
When the fight began, Remlraudt’s army charged in a straight line toward Bahnseim’s headquarters.<br/>
The king was flustered inside the tent.<br/>
『Why!? Why are they heading this way!? Our allies haven’t arrived yet!?』<br/>
The king must have thought that the enemy would be scared from getting surrounded, but on the contrary the enemy aimed at the headquarters that became lightly guarded and launched a charge.<br/>
The soldiers at the headquarters were split among the allies so the number remaining there was only a few.<br/>
The allies that were encircling the enemy were also fighting but, the headquarters of Bahnseim’s side would fall first from how it looked.<br/>
Even I thought……is this guy an idiot?<br/>
However, the Third said.<br/>
『Surrounding the enemy and crushing them wasn’t a bad tactic. But you see, they underestimated the enemy. They didn’t understand just what the hell they had done.』<br/>
I thought that they were stupid, but the Third didn’t deny the tactic itself.<br/>
From the standpoint of the enemy──Bahnseim attacked and destroyed the surrounding countries with some made-up excuses. They were nothing but demons who repeatedly pillaged their country.<br/>
『The enemy also couldn’t afford to lose. Because, if they died, what would be waiting for them was the pillaging by Bahnseim. The enemy was also desperate. ……Well, I was also similarly desperate though.』<br/>
Entering inside the tent was the mud soaked Sleigh and his caregiver Baron.<br/>
When the Baron came, the king yelled.<br/>
『What are you doing returning!? Go fight! I, if I lose then Bahnseim will be defeat──』<br/>
His hangers-on around him were panicked, while the feudal lords were glaring at the king.<br/>
Amidst that, Sleigh pushed aside the Baron and punched the king’s face.<br/>
The Fourth seeing that opened his mouth in shock. I also yelled.<br/>
「What are you doing!?」<br/>
The Third grinned.<br/>
『It was really refreshing at this moment!』<br/>
The king was sent flying. He crashed on his chair and fell down. The hangers-on around him were dumbfounded for an instant, but they immediately took up their weapons.<br/>
『Yo, you bastard!』<br/>
『I don’t know who you are or where you come from but, don’t think you will die easily!』<br/>
『Detain that guy!』<br/>
There wasn’t anyone around who knew Sleigh’s name.<br/>
At that time, Sleigh was nothing more than one of the many small feudal lords.<br/>
But──<br/>
『──Heh?』<br/>
──The feudal lord nobles and the knights at their side drew out their swords and went swinging. They attacked not at Sleigh but at the hangers-on of the king.<br/>
The king who was bleeding from his nose was pressing his nose with his right hand while shivering uncontrollably.<br/>
His allies died around him, so he went pale.<br/>
Sleigh approached the king who was crawling on the ground and crouched down. He brought his face near and grabbed the king’s hair to lift up his head.<br/>
『A, after doing this don’t think you’ll be able to go home safe──』<br/>
The king’s voice was trembling, in contrast Sleigh was completely calm.<br/>
『Aa, you’re right. Because of your fault, I might die here. But rest assured, you’re going to die here too.』<br/>
The feudal lords and knights approached with unsheathed swords.<br/>
The king finally soiled his pants──<br/>
『Did you think everyone here swore their loyalty to you? Wrong. What we need is that chair you’re sitting on. We swore our loyalty to the authority of the kingdom, we don’t have any to you personally. Don’t you think an incompetent king who can be replaced is needed?』<br/>
The king was crying.<br/>
『Ple, please save me. I’ll do anything! Please save me!』<br/>
Sleigh smiled coldly at the king who was crying──<br/>
『I see. Then, I’ll make you into a splendid king from here on.』<br/>
When Sleigh’s eyes faintly shined, the king was trembling hard.<br/>
「Is that the Third’s Art?」<br/>
『Yeah. Well, Lyle will also be able to do that soon.』<br/>
The king’s state became strange. He gritted his teeth in fear and his body wouldn’t stop shaking.<br/>
『……If you try anything bad to my family and territory, you will continue to see endless nightmares from that day forward. It will also be the same if you punish the feudal lords here. The moment you think of getting payback just for a bit, you will continue to see nightmares whether you’re asleep or awake.』<br/>
When Sleigh let go of his hand, the king’s hand brushed away at his surrounding. It was as though there was something visible only to him.<br/>
『Don’t come! DON’T COMEEEE! Help! Someone help!』<br/>
Sleigh was chuckling.<br/>
『Oh, it looks like you planned to take revenge against us when this is over just as I thought. If you don’t want to see endless nightmares just like now, then don’t try anything against us.』<br/>
The king lost his willpower to resist and continued to cry at that place.<br/>
The Baron approached.<br/>
『Sleigh, what to do now?』<br/>
『……I’ll buy time. I’ll leave this idiot in your hands. Also, take care of my family too.』<br/>
『I understand.』<br/>
The Fourth muttered.<br/>
『……How ironic.』<br/>
The feudal lords in that place talked to Sleigh.<br/>
They said words of encouragement to Sleigh who said he would buy time, or words of praise, there were various words.<br/>
Sleigh smiled bitterly while leaving the tent, but his face turned determined right after he came outside.<br/>
.<br/>
When he came to the place where his knights and soldiers were waiting, Sleigh declared.<br/>
『My bad but I ask you guys to die with me. The young kids and parents with small children will stay behind. ……Feel free to resent me.』<br/>
After explaining frankly, a man with streaks of white hair came forward.<br/>
That man’s face looked familiar.<br/>
「He is the man who complained to the Second.」<br/>
I glared at the man who was complaining at the Second without even understanding the trouble he had, but…….<br/>
『……I was a bother for the previous head. If young master will allow me to accompany you, then that will be my atonement.』<br/>
Sleigh smiled slightly.<br/>
『The way you call me young master isn’t fixed until the end huh.』<br/>
In contrast to Sleigh’s words that 「the young people stay behind」, the young knights also came forward.<br/>
『My lord, I, I’ll also come!』<br/>
The Third looked nostalgic.<br/>
『This kid is the first generation Lundberg. I heard from the Seventh, that the house of the knight who I appointed is still continuing even now. It somehow felt miraculous when I thought about it.』<br/>
The Fourth was also looking happy.<br/>
『……He was a reliable knight in my era. Thinking back like this, he was a loyal retainer who the Third left behind for me.』<br/>
When speaking of Lundberg, it was a distinguished family even among the retainers of the Walt House. Even in the present time, the Lundberg House continued to produce capable knights one after another to support the Walt House.<br/>
……The person who I looked up to as a knight was also a member of the Lundberg House.<br/>
Sleigh punched the first generation Lundberg with a smile.<br/>
Just like when he punched the king, he strengthened his body with an Art. Because of that, he displayed great strength. But,  he was holding back compared to when he punched the king.<br/>
『You stay behind.』<br/>
The other soldiers talked to the first generation Lundberg, but there was no reply. He fainted.<br/>
『My lord, he fainted.』<br/>
『Good. This kid is serious, so when he wakes up send him as a messenger back home. ……Then, let’s go.』<br/>
Sleigh led several dozen soldiers mounted on horse and launched a charge towards the approaching big army of Remlraudt.<br/>
.<br/>
The battlefield.<br/>
Sleigh was swinging his sword on his horse and advancing forward.<br/>
He defeated the enemy knights one after another, and then he lifted his sword.<br/>
『Charge!』<br/>
Right after that, fire balls fell from the sky to the surroundings one after another.<br/>
The soldiers of Remlraudt looked to the sky and yelled.<br/>
Seeing that scene the Fourth was──<br/>
『Is that an illusion?』<br/>
The Third stared at the battlefield while nodding.<br/>
『That’s right. It’s my Art. I only showed them an illusion. And then, one more thing──』<br/>
When Sleigh led the soldiers to charge forward, the enemies suddenly began fighting among themselves.<br/>
He used that opening to cut deep into the enemy formation and the enemy’s general came into view.<br/>
The enemy general wielded a spear and blocked Sleigh’s sword.<br/>
『Illusion! Find the Art’s user and kill him!』<br/>
The general was older than Sleigh with a muscular body. His atmosphere was that of a fierce general.<br/>
While they were fighting with sword and spear clashing above their horses, the general leaped at Sleigh and pushed him on the ground.<br/>
The two became smeared with mud and began fighting.<br/>
『Trashes of Bahnseim. Your atrocities cannot be left alone anymore than this!』<br/>
『What coincidence, I also agree. But──there’s no way I can let you guys advance further than this.』<br/>
The movement of Sleigh’s sword that could be said as phantasmagoric forced the general into a bitter fight.<br/>
The Third watched the fight while,<br/>
『This person was strong. Besides he was a noble and stood up to fight due to his righteous indignation after hearing of Bahnseim’s deeds. ……Even I, didn’t want to fight him.』<br/>
The general’s spear cut off Sleigh’s left arm.<br/>
Sleigh’s left arm was flying in the air, but then the general opened his eyes wide.<br/>
Because Sleigh leaped onto his chest and a sword pierced his chest.<br/>
『I see……so you’re the one showing the illusions.』<br/>
When Sleigh pulled out the sword, his left hand was certainly still there.<br/>
It seemed the arm that was seemingly cut was an illusion.<br/>
But, from how pale his face was it seemed Sleigh reached his limit. He ran out of mana and he looked like he would collapse even now.<br/>
Even the allies around him were getting cut down one after another.<br/>
『Young master!』<br/>
A soldier whose stomach was stabbed with a spear came with Sleigh’s horse in tow. He vomited blood while helping Sleigh to mount the horse, then he hit the horse’s flank to make it run.<br/>
That man, he got stabbed from behind by several spears of the enemies───even so, that person was smiling.<br/>
「Why……when it was the Second’s time he!」<br/>
In the Second’s era, that man was a villager who kept complaining and troubling the Second. But, in the Third’s era, he risked his life to save the Third……I didn’t understand.<br/>
The Third taught me.<br/>
『Even if at first they didn’t understand, later they would think that person was right. Some people are like that. Perhaps he felt guilty from that.』<br/>
An arrow pierced the back of the escaping Sleigh.<br/>
And then, when the enemy tried to chase after Sleigh──the besieging allies finally came to help.<br/>
The Third told me.<br/>
『……My territory was near this battlefield. If Bahnseim lost here, it would be our territory that got trampled. There was no way I could lose. Even though I understood that Bahnseim was in the wrong, I couldn’t tell my family to die.』<br/>
「……Third.」<br/>
『Lyle, you better remember. There was also that previous exception but, many of the soldiers weren’t fighting for me. They fought for the sake of their families who remained behind in the territory. They understood that if we lost, the sight we had seen until now would happen to our own home town.』<br/>
The Fourth was keeping silent all this time.<br/>
The Third muttered.<br/>
『I really…….hate war.』<br/>
<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 