<br/>
Chapter 107 – Money<br/>
.<br/>
──Outside the forest.<br/>
It was a place that was far away from any settlement, with nothing around in the surrounding area.<br/>
There were men wearing black robes there, with several wagons lined up.<br/>
The wagons were filled with several expensive looking magic tools.  The men were using them to check the situation in the forest.<br/>
Everyone was wearing the same mask.<br/>
Their masks were white with a laughing design drawn on them. They made for a very eerie sight.<br/>
Each person was wearing a different attire under the black robe.<br/>
The man who seemed to be the leader among them was watching a crystal ball and sighed.<br/>
「──It seems he blew up himself. It’s a failure.」<br/>
A masked woman dressed like a warrior shrugged when she heard that.<br/>
「Wasn’t the burden too heavy for a newcomer’s test?」<br/>
The leader shook his head.<br/>
「Someone who can’t accomplish at least this much has no qualification to become our comrade. More importantly, we lost too much fighting strength.」<br/>
The wagons were loaded with a lot of cages.<br/>
The black monsters were unleashed into the forest from these cages.<br/>
「Enslaving monsters is good and all, but it’s useless if they’re weak. Then, we need to deal with this ourselves.」<br/>
The warrior woman grabbed the handle of the sword on her waist.<br/>
The leader stopped her in exasperation.<br/>
「Don’t move while we still don’t understand the situation. I already sent scouts──hm?」<br/>
The leader stopped talking as he looked into the magic crystal ball. And then he gave orders to everyone after staying quiet for a while.<br/>
「Withdraw! We’re retreating from here right away.」<br/>
「Haa? Why? Are you saying to let them get away just like this? If we return like this, we don’t know what the top brass will say.」<br/>
The leader explained briefly at the warrior woman.<br/>
「I lost the signal from the scouts I sent out.」<br/>
「──Did something get them?」<br/>
「I didn’t sense any enemy. Their signals vanished at a place where there weren’t even any monsters. We can’t lose any more manpower than this.」<br/>
The men he sent out as scouts were skilled.<br/>
The signals of those skilled scouts vanished inside the forest.<br/>
It was hard to believe that they got into an accident inside the forest and died.<br/>
「It’s a failure this time.」<br/>
When the warrior woman said that, the leader put away the crystal ball while replying.<br/>
「It’s better than getting annihilated. We’re returning right away to report this.」<br/>
They covered the wagons with cloth in order to hide the cages and magic tools.<br/>
And then everyone took off their black robes and changed outfits to look like merchants.<br/>
They looked eerie when wearing the masks, but they only looked like a group of merchants when the masks were taken off.<br/>
「──So the assassination of Zayin’s saintess and high priest failed.」<br/>
The leader muttered that at the end and led the group to withdraw from here──.<br/>
.<br/>
Novem joined up with us a bit later, and then we returned to the village. It had become night when we returned.<br/>
Thanks to Aria and others managing to guard the village, the quest could also be counted as a success after a fashion.<br/>
The village chief even thanked us.<br/>
But, the problem was after that.<br/>
I covered my face with both hands inside Porter after hearing the story.<br/>
It became hard to keep staying here seeing the woman crying in front of me.<br/>
My other companions were also the same.<br/>
No one interrupted Thelma-san’s story.<br/>
「Even I──even I didn’t stay as the saintess because I like it! But, the knight order always wants to go to war right away, so what will happen to the people living in Zayin if they get what they want? There are only warhawks in the knight orders who forget that the country is exhausted after all these wars──even though I myself wanted to retire and marry!」<br/>
I turned my gaze away from the crying Thelma-san to Gastone-san.<br/>
Everyone else was also sending him a criticizing gaze.<br/>
Gastone-san made an excuse in front of that.<br/>
「N-no, even I thought of preparing someone else who will focus on improving domestic affairs and continue the government as the saintess-sama’s replacement. But, if I searched for a replacement saintess with my position as the high priest, I would be criticized as trying to keep my position indefinitely, so I couldn’t make any moves.」<br/>
This country called Zayin was troublesome.<br/>
The priests who aimed to become the high priest──especially the elites among them were preparing girls who could possibly become the next saintess.<br/>
And then if the girl who they backed up managed to become the saintess, the priest themselves would also get ahead and become the high priest.<br/>
Wasn’t it problematic to govern the country with such a system in place?<br/>
You guys were really deciding the leader of your country with that method?<br/>
Well, I wanted to say a lot of things here, but certainly if the current high priest decided the next saintess, authority would be easily monopolized by him.<br/>
I thought that Gastone-san’s excuse wasn’t wrong but──I also got the feeling that the system itself was mistaken from the start.<br/>
The Fourth was bewildered.<br/>
『What a strange country. But if a country is running with such a system, that means there was no problem with it until now. No, or perhaps the country can still run even though there is a problem?』<br/>
The Third was laughing.<br/>
『There is no country without problems, after all. Now then, I can see quite a lot of the situation right now.』<br/>
If we could believe the story of Gastone-san and Thelma-san, Zayin was a theocracy and yet they kept warring with their neighboring countries.<br/>
It seemed that investment for the country’s internal affairs became insufficient because of that.<br/>
The reason they wouldn’t stop warring even in such a situation was because of the thought process of 「The country is poor? Then let’s steal from another country」.<br/>
What was sad about this was that the countries around Beim all had a similar thought process to this.<br/>
I heard that there were a lot of wars around Beim, but this was just horrible.<br/>
It was at that time Gastone-san appeared.<br/>
He saw the situation that was going on until now and went 「No, let’s just develop the country internally!」. He started his own faction and splendidly made Thelma-san into the saintess.<br/>
After that they decreased the number of wars and invested the budget within the country.<br/>
They also produced quite the results, so Thelma-san’s popularity was high.<br/>
However, the knight order’s dissatisfaction was accumulating because they wanted to go to war.<br/>
The priests in the opposing faction were also the same. They schemed to place the girls in the pro-war faction as the next saintess.<br/>
If they succeeded then their effort to stop wars until now would have become meaningless, so Gastone-san asked Thelma-san to keep being the saintess until now while he somehow managed the opposition.<br/>
Thelma-san was crying.<br/>
「Even though normally a girl becomes the saintess at fifteen and retires around twenty and marries! At the latest, they will retire in the middle of their twenties──and yet, I’m already past thirty now! Even though I myself want to retire quicklyyyyyy!」<br/>
And so she missed the suitable age for marriage.<br/>
I recalled something there.<br/>
「Eh, thirty? So you’re about the same age as my mother──」<br/>
Thelma-san stopped crying and stared fixedly at my face, then tears gathered in her eyes once more.<br/>
「──Even though it wouldn’t be strange for me to have a child this big alreadyyyyyy!」<br/>
She started crying again.<br/>
Everyone’s cold gazes were directed at me this time.<br/>
Aria was exasperated.<br/>
「Lyle, think a bit more before you talk.」<br/>
「S-sorry. B-but, Thelma-san looks far younger than my mother, you know?」<br/>
Thelma-san was sobbing while speaking of her grudges toward the knight order.<br/>
「I threw away my happiness to devote myself to the country, and yet they called me a witch. Even though they aren’t thinking about the country at all and just want to go to war. In addition, I was treated like a coward──I could still endure that but, having an auntie as the saintess, there’s just no way~, they said──even though I myself was ashamed about itttt!」 (TN: Nai waa~)<br/>
It seemed there was an age limit for the saintess.<br/>
The ancestors inside the Jewel were also bewildered.<br/>
『The public’s eye is cold after all.』<br/>
『Indeed. I also married late, so I can understand her feelings.』<br/>
『Well, from the knight order’s perspective, their chance to raise achievement in war is taken away from them. These two are also at fault for their shoddy follow-up in regards to that.』<br/>
『Even so, they’re still going to war even though their own country is in tatters. I’m amazed that no insurrection has ever come of it.』<br/>
『I guess that’s the strong point of a theocracy?』<br/>
Was this a situation where it wouldn’t be strange for the people to revolt if it was a normal country?<br/>
Gastone-san spoke.<br/>
「In the end, our positions were taken away due to the knight order’s revolt. If I knew it would have become like this, I would have make Thelma-sama retire early.」<br/>
An adult woman was hugging her knees with a faraway look.<br/>
It made me sad seeing that.<br/>
「And so you two plan to run away to a faraway country from Beim?」<br/>
「Yes. At the very least I wish to let Thelma-sama escape even if only by herself, in order to let her live a happy life of ordinary people.」<br/>
Gastone-san said that it was his duty as the one who made her life fall into disorder.<br/>
Miranda looked at me.<br/>
「Now that we have heard the situation, what are you going to do now, Lyle?」<br/>
First we would need to investigate whether their story was really true or not.<br/>
But, when I consolidated the information that I heard from Miranda and Eva, the possibility was small that they were lying.<br/>
How were we going to get involved with Zayin that was in chaos right now?<br/>
Even I didn’t really know how.<br/>
「First, I’ll think it over after we get back.」<br/>
I said that and the talk was over.<br/>
.<br/>
Late at night.<br/>
I went inside the Jewel.<br/>
My consciousness was pulled in by the ancestors while I was sleeping.<br/>
「Is there something?」<br/>
『There isn’t anything right now. But there will be from here on. No, should I say that you’re the one who will cause something?』<br/>
When I saw the Sixth looked like he was having fun, I was exasperated thinking that he was scheming something bad again.<br/>
I sat down on my own chair.<br/>
I looked back once at my own memory door behind me, but there wasn’t any change on it.<br/>
The Third talked to me and the strategy meeting regarding the future began.<br/>
『First let’s summarize the situation. Zayin Theocracy──the saintess who is the leader of the country met a revolt by the knight order and escaped to another country.』<br/>
「Eh? But based on what we heard, the other side also has their own reasoning, don’t they? The saint’s tenure is too long or something.」<br/>
Though certainly I thought they were overdoing it with chasing out the saintess just because they wanted to go to war.<br/>
However the opinions of the ancestors were different.<br/>
『Lyle──in this situation the other side’s circumstance doesn’t matter. What’s important is the just cause for our side. A wonderful saintess who stopped the war in order to let the people live in prosperity was chased out of the country. What a tragedy this is!』<br/>
The ancestors were nodding at the Seventh’s fake-sounding speech. They were making wicked faces.<br/>
I immediately realized.<br/>
──Ah, these guys were eager.<br/>
「In other words, we’re going to fight the knight order──or rather, the new saintess of that country isn’t it?」<br/>
The Fourth nodded with a smile.<br/>
『So you also get it Lyle.』<br/>
「No, if we do that then Thelma-san and Gastone-san will also get dragged into it again. Is it alright for us to do something like that? Because, it looks like they don’t want to get involved with this anymore.」<br/>
Those two looked like they were already tired with such a struggle.<br/>
The Fifth objected to my opinion.<br/>
『Lyle, you’re underestimating the people in authority.』<br/>
「Eh?」<br/>
『Their lives are targeted even after their position has been taken away because the people in authority have guilty conscience. From the perspective of those who want to seal those two’s mouth, their wish to escape to another country to live quietly doesn’t matter. They will send people like that masked man one after another.』<br/>
What was waiting for Thelma-san was a life in fear of assassination.<br/>
That was too pitiful.<br/>
「──Can’t we do something? Perhaps we can make it so it looks like they’ve died?」<br/>
『Do you know what will happen if you do that? They’re going to investigate it thoroughly. If they learn from that investigation that those two have someone helping them, they will come to kill you and the people around you thinking that you might have heard something from those two. Understand this, you are already involved in this matter.』<br/>
I had to fight against the country called Zayin because I’m already involved.<br/>
「Is it just as I thought, that Zayin is behind this?」<br/>
The Sixth folded his arms with a troubled look. It seemed he also wasn’t sure.<br/>
『We don’t know. But, there’s no doubt that those in Zayin will want to deal with the two of them. But, although this matter is certainly important, the real problem is──the war with Zayin!』<br/>
The ancestors were looking happy.<br/>
They looked really happy, even their eyes were sparkling.<br/>
『We have Thelma-chan as our just cause, and we also have Gastone, the high priest who must be very knowledgeable about Zayin’s internal conditions. This is a big chance!』<br/>
But we would be in danger too because we had the two of them with us. Did you understand that, Third?<br/>
『If we use those two as our flag, Lyle’s name will spread far and wide without a doubt when war breaks out!』<br/>
I had considered joining a war to increase my reputation, but I never thought about causing a war myself to increase my reputation, you know, Fourth.<br/>
『Just cause is really important, after all. Furthermore, our just cause is the saintess who is loved by the people. A warm welcome is going to be waiting for us.』<br/>
You looked really happy that an excuse to start a war fell into our lap, huh, Fifth.<br/>
『We’re going to snatch Zayin! No, that’s not it. We’re going to return Zayin to those two!』<br/>
I’m amazed you were able to declare we were going to snatch Zayin, Sixth.<br/>
『If their story is true, then Zayin has saved up a lot of their strength until now. This is truly a delicious opportunity! If we win in this war, we’ll be able to obtain that Zayin!』<br/>
What to do──it felt like we were actually the villains here, Seventh.<br/>
The ancestors were planning to snatch Zayin up by making use of Thelma-san and Gastone-san.<br/>
You villains.<br/>
「Are we, really going to do that? I don’t know──it makes me feel bad.」<br/>
After hearing my opinion, the faces of the ancestors turned serious.<br/>
『Lyle──look here, are you going to get cold feet just with this even though you want to defeat Celes? Is your oath that you’re going to defeat Celes a lie?』<br/>
I was at a loss against the Third’s question.<br/>
I never expected this kind of development.<br/>
「N-no, but」<br/>
『There is no time. We need to hurry in order to defeat Celes. Besides, it’s a fact that Thelma and Gastone were driven out of their country. Even their lives are being targeted. Can you allow that?』<br/>
I was almost convinced by the Fourth’s persuasion.<br/>
But, was it alright for me to snatch the country?<br/>
The Fifth criticized my naivety.<br/>
『You’ve been a villain since the moment you decided to take on a country. Don’t lose your nerve from just this much. Besides, this kind of chance might never come again.』<br/>
The Sixth nodded.<br/>
『This is truly a fortune! No, the person who can make use of this chance is fortune himself. Do you understand Lyle? ──What is called luck is something that you grasp by yourself!』<br/>
The Seventh also had the same opinion.<br/>
『There is only a paper thin difference between a crisis and a chance. Lyle, if you can get through this then you will have taken a large step toward your objective. Won’t that save a lot of people then?』<br/>
「That’s right… ──I understand, I’ll do it.」<br/>
I wasn’t a good person or the like since the day I decided to defeat Celes.<br/>
Then, I had to grasp this chance no matter what.<br/>
The Third became all smile but──<br/>
『Now you’re talking! But, you see. There is a very big problem.』<br/>
「Very big problem?」<br/>
『Yep.』<br/>
──His smile vanished into a grave looking face.<br/>
『We──or rather you, Lyle.  You aren’t a feudal lord. You don’t have manpower and supplies, right? In addition the biggest problem is──insufficient money.』<br/>
I almost fell from the chair hearing that.<br/>
「The problem is money!?」<br/>
The Fourth got angry from my remark.<br/>
I shrank back from that wrath.<br/>
『You mustn’t underestimate this problem!』<br/>
「Y-yes.」<br/>
『Listen carefully Lyle. In the first place it also takes money to do war. You’re earning a lot of money as an adventurer, but at best you can only hire dozens of people with that kind of money. You won’t be able to win a war with just that, no matter what.』<br/>
It took money in order to war.<br/>
There were people who would happily go into such costly wars because they would be able to profit from pillaging the defeated country.<br/>
What an unpleasant story.<br/>
The people who were under the threat of such pillaging would need to fight in order to survive. It was an endless chain of negativity.<br/>
The Seventh sighed.<br/>
『As expected we need a patron. We have to start searching for one seriously.』<br/>
The Sixth was looking at me in the midst of that.<br/>
「What’s the matter?」<br/>
His atmosphere was different from usual.<br/>
『Hm? Well, I’ve various thoughts in my mind. More importantly, Lyle. I’ll teach you how to play with woman when we return to Beim!』<br/>
「Eh? Y-you don’t need to do that.」<br/>
『Idiot! You need to experience playing around. It’ll be hard for you if you don’t learn how to treat women. First we’re going to the brothel. The cheap place is no good. We’re going to an expensive place!』<br/>
When I saw the Sixth looking excited like this, as expected it felt that he was just like usual.<br/>
.<br/>
──Beim’s harbor.<br/>
A large ship was unloading its cargo in the harbor.<br/>
The one watching the work’s progress was a girl with black hair that was tied up at both sides, Vera Tres(ヴェラ・トレース).<br/>
She was holding a parasol that was protecting her from sunlight while talking to her father, Fidel Tres(フィデル・トレース) about her result this time.<br/>
「Vera~, it looks like the business this time went well too. Papa is really happy that you did well~」<br/>
Vera was exasperated seeing her father making a fawning voice in front of his daughter.<br/>
「Papa is exaggerating just because I returned a bit late.」<br/>
Fidel bit his handkerchief hearing those words.<br/>
「A bit!? Do you know how worried papa was about Vera during that time!? Papa was so worried that I couldn’t sleep at all.」<br/>
It seemed he was telling the truth. Fidel right now looked a bit thinner than before.<br/>
Vera thanked her father for worrying about her.<br/>
「Get a proper rest. It’ll be awful if papa collapses. But, thank you for worrying about me.」<br/>
Fidel showed a wide smile and hugged Vera tightly.<br/>
「I love you, Veraaaa!」<br/>
「It’s stuffy!」<br/>
A man and a woman came while Vera was trying to tear off Fidel from herself.<br/>
The woman was vera’s little sister Gina Tres(ジーナ・トレース).<br/>
Unlike Vera with her determined atmosphere, she had a gentle and graceful atmosphere.<br/>
Beside her was──the young man who presented Vera with her parasol, Roland(ロランド).<br/>
He was an agreeable youth with short hair and a diligent atmosphere.<br/>
He had experience working under Vera before as a sailor, but currently he was Gina’s attendant.<br/>
Gina talked to Vera.<br/>
「Nee-san, welcome back.」<br/>
「I’m back, Gina. You look well.」<br/>
When Vera looked at Roland, he bowed deeply toward her.<br/>
Vera felt lonely seeing that, but she showed a smile.<br/>
「Roland too, you look good with that attire.」<br/>
「Thank you very much, Vera-ojousama.」<br/>
He was wearing a shirt and a vest on top of it without the suit.<br/>
There was a man who was glaring at that Roland.<br/>
──It was Fidel.<br/>
「Hmph! Papa won’t recognize a brat like this to take care of Gina’s everyday necessities.」<br/>
Roland was an agreeable youth and a hard worker, but he had low social status.<br/>
There was no nobility system at Beim, but even so there was difference in status between the poor and the rich.<br/>
Roland was diligent and kind even though he was poor. Even Fidel evaluated him highly.<br/>
However, it was a different story when it came to being his daughter’s husband.<br/>
Gina glared at Fidel.<br/>
「Papa, why won’t you recognize him?」<br/>
Fidel winced from Gina’s gaze, but it seemed that he thought this was for his daughter’s sake and shook his head. His face became serious.<br/>
「This is for your sake. Roland is a hard worker, but he lacks a lot of things to become your husband. Understand this, Gina.」<br/>
Gina averted her gaze.<br/>
「Let’s go, Roland.」<br/>
「Y-yes! Then, please excuse us.」<br/>
Roland bowed his head deeply and chased after Gina who walked ahead in a hurry.<br/>
Vera watched his back while trying to persuade Fidel.<br/>
「If papa doesn’t plan to use Gina for a political marriage, then Roland should be fine, right?」<br/>
Fidel never considered marrying his daughters for political reasons, which was rare for a big merchant like him.<br/>
His cute daughters were the only thing that he wouldn’t use for the sake of business.<br/>
「Vera, even papa wants Gina to become happy. But, do you think that brat can make her happy?」<br/>
「He’s an earnest and hard worker isn’t he?」<br/>
「It’s not enough with just that. Listen well Vera. What’s important is results. I appreciate the way Roland works, but I don’t want to marry Gina to someone who can’t produce results. Do you understand this feeling?」<br/>
「I can’t understand at all.」<br/>
「Even Vera is going to make papa troubled!?」<br/>
Fidel broke down crying. He made even the other people around feel at a complete loss.<br/>
「Haa, more importantly there’s still the next business. I want to talk about its preparation.」<br/>
「Eh!? How about you take your time to relax a bit more? Vera, you’re working too hard.」<br/>
「──It’s fine. I want to work right now.」<br/>
Vera turned her gaze to where Roland and Gina had disappeared from view. She felt pathetic even if she said so herself.<br/>
(I’m really no good, to think I keep dragging this behind me like this.)<br/>
The men that she liked previously──Roland chose her sister over her. And then her little sister also accepted him.<br/>
She had no intention to complain about it, but right now she found it tiresome to stay at the mansion and face them.<br/>
Fidel turned serious when it became a talk of business.<br/>
「Hm, then give papa a little bit of time. Currently I think I’ll be able to obtain something that can sell well after a little bit more time. I also plan to replace the guards.」<br/>
「Did something happen?」<br/>
「It looks like the adventurer party that our company hired is going to do mercenary work. Wait a little bit more until I can plug that hole.」<br/>
「There’ll be war again? Papa──」<br/>
Fidel interrupted what Vera was going to say.<br/>
「I understand what you want to say, but this is a problem for the whole Beim. It’s not a problem that Tres family alone can do anything about. Now then, tell me about the information from the various places you visited. Was there anything strange?」<br/>
Fidel was also a major merchant that represented Beim. His expression was different when it came to a business talk.<br/>
His expression said that he didn’t have any intention of going easy even against his own daughter.<br/>
「Alright. The north is still the same as usual. But the south──」<br/>
The two started talking about work──.<br/>
.<br/>
I returned to our inn at Beim and prepared a room for Thelma-san and Gastone-san.<br/>
After a night passed since our return to Beim, I talked to the two of them about their plan going forward.<br/>
「Both of you, please rest here for a bit more.」<br/>
Gastone-san was bewildered.<br/>
「Is it really alright? We won’t be able to pay you back for all this though?」<br/>
They had lost most of their possessions in the middle of their escape, so they were nearly penniless right now.<br/>
「I don’t mind. If there’s anything that both of you need, we will buy it for you. Though there’s also the risk of assassination, so the two of you will need to stay cooped up here for the time being.」<br/>
「B-but, there’s no way we can keep burdening all of you like this.」<br/>
「It’s not a problem. Rather than that, please think carefully in regards to that matter. It’ll also be for the sake of both of you.」<br/>
Gastone-san looked at Thelma-san.<br/>
Thelma-san was depressed.<br/>
I had brought up the talk about taking back Zayin to the two of them.<br/>
「I’m fine with it, but Thelma-sama is already…」<br/>
It seemed Gastone-san was fine with it, but the problem was Thelma-san.<br/>
「──If Zayin will send pursuers no matter where we run to, then it’ll be the same even if we run to a faraway foreign country. We’ll have to keep living in fear of assassination. But! But, I won’t return to being a saintess anymore. I’m tired already.」<br/>
Gastone-san’s shoulders slumped down.<br/>
「Thelma-sama.」<br/>
Thelma-san was completely exhausted and rejected my proposition.<br/>
But, the ancestors wouldn’t allow me to let her go.<br/>
Thelma-san was a necessary person for the sake of pillaging──wrong, recapturing Zayin.<br/>
She was absolutely necessary.<br/>
It looked like it would take some more time until Thelma-san recovered her motivation again.<br/>
Gastone-san apologized to me.<br/>
「Forgive me, but I can’t cooperate with Thelma-sama in this state. I alone will not be useful. We’re also in a situation where assassins are sent to kill us, so it’s fine even if you don’t force yourself to shelter us. It will bring danger to you and your friends too.」<br/>
I couldn’t let them go, and it would be easier to protect them too if they were nearby.<br/>
「We’re already involved. We can only fight in order to overcome this situation.」<br/>
「──My apologies. I’ll try to persuade Thelma-sama too.」<br/>
I was also concerned by that masked man.<br/>
A troublesome bunch was on the move, but I wouldn’t be able to fight Celes if I couldn’t overcome something of this level.<br/>
「──Please rest well for now.」<br/>
I left the room, then I heard the Sixth clicking his tongue.<br/>
『Thelma has turned timid huh. But, it will still take time until our preparations are ready. We just need to make her motivated before that.』<br/>
I talked to the Sixth with a small voice.<br/>
「She said that she don’t want to do it though?」<br/>
『It’s fine even if she just acts as a figurehead in the end. But, in her current state it’s possible that she might even take her own life. We need to let her take a break for a while.』<br/>
Thelma-san was completely exhausted.<br/>
She was a necessary person in order to snatch Zayin. We would have to protect her for a while.<br/>
It would be difficult to protect those two from assassins, but they had that much worth.<br/>
I had to protect them to the end.<br/>
『But putting that aside, Lyle──you’re prepared aren’t you?』<br/>
「Y-yes. But, are we really going?」<br/>
『Obviously! Everyone is tired and resting right now. This is our chance! We’re just going to secretly go out to play and then return.』<br/>
The Sixth kept annoying me to go to a brothel.<br/>
『You have obtained the necessary information from Creit! What’s left is only to march forward!』<br/>
Creit was knowledgeable──too knowledgeable, even, about brothels. I already asked him about the establishment that he recommended.<br/>
I had also heard from him about the required money and also the manners for such a place.<br/>
What was left was to go to the place and play.<br/>
「Is this really alright?」<br/>
『You idiot! Can you lead those women and fight when you yourself don’t know anything about women? Lyle, this is a trial! If you learn how to handle a woman, you’ll be able to handle women more smoothly in the future!』<br/>
Was that really true?<br/>
B-but──to be honest I was interested.<br/>
「I-if Sixth is saying that much then it can’t be helped then~」<br/>
『That’s right. It can’t be helped after I’m saying this much to you. Lyle, this is your trial!』<br/>
I deliberately let myself get cajoled by Sixth and decided to head to the brothel.<br/>
Then, I saw several women lying in wait on my way.<br/>
「──Eh?」<br/>
Over there were my companions.<br/>
「Lyle, where are you planning to go, I wonder?」<br/>
Miranda was smiling.<br/>
「No, that, I」<br/>
Miranda approached me and cornered me until the wall──she placed her hand on the wall beside my face.<br/>
「I’ve heard. You kissed Sophia, didn’t you?」<br/>
S-so this is about that!<br/>
I turned just my gaze toward Sophia. There she was pressing her hands on her blushing cheeks.<br/>
She looked really embarrassed but, please wait a second.<br/>
Could it be she talked to the others!?<br/>
「T-that was not counted.」<br/>
「Why?」<br/>
「T-that was something ceremonial to use Arts──」<br/>
Miranda’s face turned smiling when I started making excuse.<br/>
「I see.」<br/>
「You understand?」<br/>
「I understand. In other words, it’s also necessary for us to experience it too, don’t you think so?」<br/>
「──Eh?」<br/>
Novem was slightly angry at my surprised self. It was cute.<br/>
「We’ve heard about the circumstance from Sophia-san. Lyle-sama, please mention it if it’s necessary to train in its usage beforehand to some degree.」<br/>
Aria was averting her face from me, but she kept sending glances at my way.<br/>
「M-me too, if training is really necessary, theen~, perhaps it can’t be helped.」<br/>
Just what in the world was going on?<br/>
Monica was in high spirits.<br/>
「Just remember that chicken dickwad’s first kiss is already mine! You fleshbag women can just bite your finger in frustration!」<br/>
Why were you provoking everyone?<br/>
I looked toward Eva and Clara who weren’t showing any interest.<br/>
But, the two of them were deep in talk with each other and wouldn’t look over here.<br/>
「Becoming stronger from kissing──don’t you think that it’s an interesting setting?」<br/>
「I’m interested in the setting, but does it really need to be a kiss? I’m suspicious that there might be another method.」<br/>
The two of them were talking with each other about my Arts. They were getting excited, unlike their usual quarrel.<br/>
May was yawning. She didn’t seem interested.<br/>
「Humans are really strange to be this fixated with kissing. It’s just one way of expressing love right?」<br/>
That wasn’t wrong, but was I mistaken for wanting to feel the gracefulness from not expressing love so indiscreetly?<br/>
Also, Sophia’s face was bright red.<br/>
<br/>
Miranda brought her face close to mine.<br/>
「If it’s just a ceremony then it’s alright to not mind it so much, right?」<br/>
「I-I think it’s better to treat kissing more importantly.」<br/>
I was trembling, then Miranda whispered into my ear.<br/>
「Putting that aside, were you planning to go playing somewhere outside today? Perhaps, somewhere like a brothel?」<br/>
The Sixth was shocked.<br/>
『How does she know!? Lyle should have been more careful!』<br/>
T-that’s right. I was preparing for this carefully so that everyone wouldn’t realize.<br/>
I never expected that it would be exposed.<br/>
Miranda blew air into my ear.<br/>
My body twitched in a shiver. Miranda gave me a warning while looking like she enjoyed my reaction.<br/>
「It’s improper to go to a brothel while you have us you know, Lyle.」<br/>
「Hih!」<br/>
A strangled scream slipped out from my throat. I looked at Miranda’s face while trembling something fierce.<br/>
Then Miranda made a face that said 「As I thought」.<br/>
「I was just asking a leading question to make sure but, it looks like my guess is right. I’m really sad, Lyle──even though I want you to choose me as your first time.」<br/>
Everyone’s gazes toward me abruptly turned cold.<br/>
The voices of the ancestors from inside the Jewel were also trembling a little.<br/>
『Eh, what’s this? Miranda-chan looks scary you know.』<br/>
『──It’s troubling because you didn’t learn how to deal with this kind of situation.』<br/>
『How did she find out?』<br/>
『I’m feeling a similar atmosphere like my wives from Miranda. She is smiling but, she is absolutely angry right now!』<br/>
『Everybody can see that. However, this is troubling. You’re in danger, Lyle.』<br/>
Please don’t speak like this is someone else’s problem. Why wouldn’t you guys help me?<br/>
The Seventh was exasperated with me.<br/>
『It’s your fault for getting taken in by the Sixth’s smooth talk.』<br/>
──I couldn’t say anything back.<br/>
Miranda started talking with a bewitching tone.<br/>
「I’m troubled that Lyle won’t choose me though~. I’ll feel jealous of the prostitute that Lyle will embrace.」<br/>
「N-now now, Miranda! I’m not going to a place like a brothel you know!」<br/>
「Really?」<br/>
「Y-yeah.」<br/>
「Lyle, answer me while looking into my eyes. You’re speaking the truth right? If you’re lying──」<br/>
Miranda was scary. And then the eyes of my companions around me──were also somewhat scary.<br/>
Shannon came out of her room with her hand rubbing her eyes sleepily while I was trembling.<br/>
She was wearing pajamas and hugging her pillow.<br/>
「Everyone good morning~」<br/>
Was this girl sleeping until now, even though it was almost noon?<br/>
How nice it was to be her.<br/>
That Shannon looked at me, and tilted her head──and then she started to laugh.<br/>
「What? Geeze, Lyle, what did you do? You’re really stupid. I wonder just what did you do that make everyone so angry?」<br/>
She approached me happily.<br/>
「Onee-sama, what did Lyle do?」<br/>
Miranda averted her face from Shannon who asked her innocently.<br/>
It looked like she couldn’t tell her young little sister that she was warning me for trying to go to a brothel.<br/>
「Shannon, go change your clothes first.」<br/>
「Eh? Why won’t you tell me? ──Aria, tell me, hey!」<br/>
This time she asked Aria. Aria averted her face and returned to her room.<br/>
「Ah, that’s right! I need to maintain my tools today!」<br/>
She made a forced excuse to retreat. Sophia also followed her.<br/>
「M-me too!」<br/>
As for Eva and Clara, they were already gone even before this.<br/>
「Monica, tell me what happened with Lyle?」<br/>
「This matter cannot be taught to someone under eighteen years old. Ask me again after you become an adult, desu!」<br/>
Even Monica had common sense? However, why eighteen years old?<br/>
Shannon became obstinate and asked May this time.<br/>
「May!」<br/>
May was going to tell her indifferently.<br/>
「Actually Lyle was going to play──nnguh!」<br/>
Novem blocked May’s mouth from behind. She dragged May away with a smile.<br/>
「Looks like you still need to learn a bit more about some common sense. Come study with me.」<br/>
After Novem and others were gone, Shannon looked at me and puffed her cheeks.<br/>
「Everyone is making fun of me. If it’s like this then I’ll investigate it at any cost! Lyle, you better prepare yourself!」<br/>
Shannon declared that she would monitor me for the whole day. Miranda was exasperated and moved away from me.<br/>
She whispered into my ear while doing so.<br/>
「Lyle, I’m fine with you playing around but──I won’t forgive you if you become serious with another woman.」<br/>
A chill rushed through my back. I furiously nodded many times, then Miranda led Shannon away.<br/>
「Now then, we’re going too Shannon.」<br/>
「Onee-sama, please tell me. What did Lyle do!?」<br/>
「He still hasn’t done anything. But he might do so in the future, so Shannon too, keep a careful watch on him okay?」<br/>
Shannon smiled and nodded.<br/>
「Leave it to me! ──Prepare yourself Lyle.」<br/>
After the two entered their room, there was only Monica remaining here. Monica twisted her body shyly.<br/>
「Geez, chicken dickwad you pervert! But, I also love chicken dickwad who is like that. If it’s like this, this Monica will teach you about health and physical education in great detail.」<br/>
「What’s this health and physical education?」<br/>
I sighed.<br/>
「──Looks like it will be a disaster if I go out playing woman.」<br/>
The Sixth also had the same opinion as me.<br/>
『──Yeah. Even so, Miranda’s instinct is really sharp.』<br/>
I couldn’t hear the voice of the other ancestors inside the Jewel.<br/>
It couldn’t be helped because my honorable ancestors were completely useless in this kind of subject.<br/>
I was actually looking forward to it a little, but my companions were too scary. I couldn’t go out playing so I meekly returned to my own room.<br/>
To be continued to Sevens 10<br/>
Previous   Table of Content   Next<br/>
Bagikan ini:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 