<br/>
10<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It's not just smell of blood.<br/>
<br/>
There's also sounds of ongoing battle.<br/>
<br/>
Right next to where they are.<br/>
<br/>
The three who got on the floor after Lecan also immediately sensed it and got on their guard.<br/>
<br/>
A lone adventurer unsteadily ran out of a gap between pointy rocks.<br/>
<br/>
They approached Lecan's party when they noticed them before finally tumbling down.<br/>
<br/>
Their body is full of wounds and blood.<br/>
<br/>
"Veta?"<br/>
<br/>
Looks like it's someone Heles knows.<br/>
<br/>
Eda ran up to the fallen adventurer and looked at Lecan.<br/>
<br/>
She must be asking if she could cast <Recovery>.<br/>
<br/>
Lecan shook his head.<br/>
<br/>
"H-help."<br/>
<br/>
Half of their face has melted with smoke rising out of it. Their body is full of wounds and blood. It's a woman. Right half of her long hair has been tragically melted down. Remains of a hat are sticking to it. She would have been worse off had not for the hat.<br/>
<br/>
Lecan swiftly took a large red potion and sprinkled it over the woman's face.<br/>
<br/>
Her wounds slightly healed but that was it.<br/>
<br/>
This woman most likely had used red potions already. And not just one piece, but two or even three. Red potions cannot help her anymore in this state.<br/>
<br/>
"Eda. Cast <Recovery> on her."<br/>
<br/>
"Yes. <Recovery>!"<br/>
<br/>
Eda is capable of casting <Recovery> without preliminary casting time. Even Lecan cannot do that. Eda's <Recovery> casting speed rivals that of Lecan's <Flame Spear>.<br/>
<br/>
The woman's face gradually gets restored. As for her hair, even though the intact part returned to its former beauty, the lost part didn't get back completely.<br/>
<br/>
"What amazing Recovery power."<br/>
<br/>
Heles was astounded.<br/>
<br/>
Arios didn't say a word. Perhaps he recalled the time she saved his life as he was watching.<br/>
<br/>
That Arios turned toward Lecan.<br/>
<br/>
"Shall we go?"<br/>
<br/>
"No. We won't come uninvited to where another party is engaged in a fight."<br/>
<br/>
"E-everyone's, at, their limit. Can't fight anymore. Help. Save them."<br/>
<br/>
Veta seemed to have overheard Lecan, she spoke thus. The woman possesses quite powerful mana.<br/>
<br/>
"We've got a request. Let's go see how it looks there and help if the situation permits. If not we're withdrawing."<br/>
<br/>
This spot is right near to the entrance, shaking off a pursuing magic beast would be simple.<br/>
<br/>
Lecan proceeded through the gaps between pointed rocks.<br/>
<br/>
The three followed behind him.<br/>
<br/>
"<Deploy (Parshoot)>"<br/>
<br/>
Lecan turned the <Shield of Wolkan> on his left hand back to its shield state.<br/>
<br/>
The sounds of combat is becoming quieter.<br/>
<br/>
They went further and reached a wide sand pit.<br/>
<br/>
There's a gigantic Octocular Great Spider in the center of the sand pit.<br/>
<br/>
It's a total mess.<br/>
<br/>
Its right eye is gone, it's lost two of its left legs and one right leg.<br/>
<br/>
Its abdomen has been gouged out as well.<br/>
<br/>
However, it's still moving around.<br/>
<br/>
Still brimming with battle lust, it's growling menacingly at the new intruders.<br/>
<br/>
"Do you need a hand!"<br/>
<br/>
Lecan shouted out loud.<br/>
<br/>
A big male swordsman that was barely standing on his knees turned around and spoke to Lecan.<br/>
<br/>
"Save us!"<br/>
<br/>
"Got it."<br/>
<br/>
Lecan rushed straight at the magic beast.<br/>
<br/>
The magic beast spat out dissolving liquid at Lecan.<br/>
<br/>
Lecan blocked that with his shield, jumped into the magic beast's bosom a moment later and strike down its head.<br/>
<br/>
Its head that was supposed to be immune to blades was squashed flat, the joint on its head got half-torn apart.<br/>
<br/>
The magic beast cried out as it crumbled down with liquid spraying out of the wound on its head.<br/>
<br/>
"Eda. <Recovery> on these guys!"<br/>
<br/>
"Yes!"<br/>
<br/>
There were nine adventurers.<br/>
<br/>
Two of them are clearly beyond saving.<br/>
<br/>
As for the remaining seven, Eda took care of two who suffered grievous injuries while Lecan cast <Recovery> on those with minor injuries.<br/>
<br/>
Minor injuries that would reap their lives if left unattended.<br/>
<br/>
Both Lecan and Eda cast <Recovery> with the thin wands Shira gave them.<br/>
<br/>
Fortunately, the seven surviving people managed to escape death.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<TLN: Catch the latest updates and edits at Sousetsuka .com ><br/>
<br/>
11<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The female mage they met first was a member of <Pointed Rocks (Jaira)>.<br/>
<br/>
<Jaira> was one of the top parties that has conquered Dungeon Ninae thrice, but they lost their <Recovery> user in their last expedition. <br/>
<br/>
And yet they thought they were more than capable of taking on a quest to create <Mark> on floor 31 and undertook one from a six-man party, <Lost Dragons (Pezan Toorzam)>.<br/>
<br/>
It should have gone without a hitch.<br/>
<br/>
<Jaira> immediately engaged a spider they encountered right next to floor 31's entrance. While telling <Pezan Toorzam> members not to enter the sand pit beforehand.<br/>
<br/>
<Jaira> steadily made a good progress in the battle, smashing one of the spider's eyes, cut down three of its legs, and got to a point where landing a finishing blow was all left to do.<br/>
<br/>
The leader, shield fencer Kagaru dodged a venom spit the spider shot in desperation.<br/>
<br/>
That venom flew past him and hit the leg of <Pezan Toorzam>'s leader, swordsman Toris.<br/>
<br/>
They have no idea why Toris was in the sand pit.<br/>
<br/>
Perhaps he thought he could be of some help.<br/>
<br/>
Perhaps he wanted to take a good look on the magic beast his party would hunt from then on.<br/>
<br/>
The reason was a mystery, but his action was unnecessary, the one thing he shouldn't have done.<br/>
<br/>
The remaining five members of <Pezan Toorzam> rushed into the sand pit in order to help the screaming Toris.<br/>
<br/>
Due to the sudden influx of intruders, the magic beast turned its target toward their party.<br/>
<br/>
During their attempt to save the six young adventurers from their impending doom, the four members of <Jaira> broke their coordination.<br/>
<br/>
Magic beasts boast offensive powers that far outstrip the defensive powers of a human adventurer party, the only reason a human-formed party could defeat magic beasts without suffering a huge loss is because they all work together following the proper protocol that prevents a magic beast from making full use of their power.<br/>
<br/>
They were thrust straight into hell the instance that coordination and protocol were thrown out of the window.<br/>
<br/>
Along, with <Pezan Toorzam> naturally.<br/>
<br/>
They crawled out of that hell as Lecan's group entered the fray.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
.adslot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; }<br/>
@media (min-width:500px) { .adslot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }<br/>
@media (min-width:800px) { .adslot_1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
