[Okami Wa Nemuranai v18c17-18](https://www.sousetsuka.com/2020/05/okami-wa-nemuranai-181718.html)
<br/><br/>
17<br/>
By floor 43, the battles became way more intense.<br/>
And the four perfected their coordination even further.<br/>
They engaged in seven battles between meals, a treasure chest spawned on the seventh.<br/>
"That's one flat treasure chest."<br/>
"I mean, a sword would be thin after all."<br/>
"It's as if there is a picture frame inside."<br/>
"I'm opening it."<br/>
What inside was a <Shield of Wolkan>.<br/>
Lecan took it up.<br/>
Bathed in the dim light of the dungeon, the shield let out a noble shine.<br/>
"Lecan-dono. Is that, perhaps"<br/>
"<Shield of Wolkan>."<br/>
"I knew it. Ooh! To think the day I witnessed it spawning would come."<br/>
"It's really a nice-looking shield. Almost looks divine."<br/>
"Huh? But this is the same shield Lecan has right?"<br/>
"Yes, it is."<br/>
"Heles."<br/>
"Umu."<br/>
"Use this shield."<br/>
"Eh?"<br/>
"I'm in charge of dungeon items allotment. That's the deal. This shield is yours."<br/>
"T-this is. This shield. This <Shield of Wolkan>, for me?"<br/>
"Take it."<br/>
Heles reverently accepted the shield over her head.<br/>
"Do you know the spells? <Pirua> for reducing, <Parshoot> for turning it back to shield. Put it on your left hand and give it a try."<br/>
"Umu. <Reduction (Pirua)>!"<br/>
The shield settled on Heles's left arm in the form of a gauntlet.<br/>
"Ooooh. My goodness. It truly is a <Shield of Wolkan>."<br/>
"Turn it back."<br/>
"Acknowledged. <Deploy>!"<br/>
The shield transformed back and naturally got held in Heles's left hand.<br/>
"So this is <Shield of Wolkan>. I had never imagined I would ever be an owner of one."<br/>
"Heles-san. Is that so rare?"<br/>
"It is said to be the superlative equipment for prestigious knights. Even among Royal Knights, only knight commanders and the vice commanders own one."<br/>
"Is it expensive?"<br/>
"It's more like, high-ranking nobles would buy up all <Shield of Wolkan> that showed up in dungeons. In order to bestow them to their knights."<br/>
"Ah, I get it."<br/>
"Laying hands on this shield is an unattainable dream to every knight. Ufufu. Fufu."<br/>
Lecan suddenly recalled something.<br/>
The <Shield of Wolkan> Jinga carried came from Dungeon Ninae. Perhaps Jinga even delved in this dungeon himself.<br/>
"I was so tempted to enter that tournament as well. But I knew that it was a sham, I didn't bring my shield with me, and no store was selling a decent shield here. But then. Ufufu."<br/>
And quite to a deep floor at that. Which means, perhaps Jade would know Jinga if he asked him.<br/>
"You have my gratitude, Lecan-dono. I can never thank you enough."<br/>
"Heles."<br/>
"What is it."<br/>
"How about using that shield from here on."<br/>
"No. That's impossible. This Magic Silver sword is too heavy for me, I'm incapable of wielding it in one hand."<br/>
"Put that away. I'll lend you this one."<br/>
Lecan took a Solid Silver Sword from <Storage> and handed it over to Heles.<br/>
Heles received it with a dubious look on her face.<br/>
"What an unusually made scabbard. It's not heavy. Actually, it's light."<br/>
She drew the sword out of scabbard.<br/>
The light peeking out shines on the people sitting in a row.<br/>
"This is... What beauty. But, what is this. It cannot be"<br/>
"That must be the sword from that time. So it was a Solid Sacred Silver (Lesharad) sword."<br/>
"Solid Sacred Silver!"<br/>
"I had no idea a Solid Sacred Silver sword with such a high purity even existed in this world. This goes beyond surprise. Truly, I have no word. I don't believe even my father had ever seen something like this in his life."<br/>
"Lecan-dono, are you perhaps a member of royalty from somewhere?"<br/>
"No no. There's no way."<br/>
"That sword should be no less sharper than yours. Use it."<br/>
"B-but. It's impossible. How could I wield such a valuable sword. If the blade chips"<br/>
"I'll lend you another one when that happens."<br/>
".........Haa?"<br/>
"I've got several more like that one."<br/>
That night, Heles slept while hugging <Shield of Wolkan> and Solid Sacred Silver sword.<br/>
<TLN: Catch the latest updates and edits at Sousetsuka .com ><br/>
18<br/>
Heles was buoyant in the morning.<br/>
(She's frolic.)<br/>
(Fighting the last floor's boss is out of question with her like this.)<br/>
"Come now, Lecan-dono. We're past the middle of Princess Turtle time. It's almost two of Princess Turtle. Let us get going now."<br/>
"No. We're not going."<br/>
"Wha?"<br/>
"I'll give you time to get used to the shield and sword. That said, you by yourself won't do any good. Arios."<br/>
"Yes."<br/>
"Keep her company."<br/>
"I understand."<br/>
"No, Lecan-dono. Arios-dono would suffer a grave injury if this Solid Silver Sword so much as grazed him."<br/>
"If you can that is."<br/>
"What are you saying."<br/>
"Do you seriously believe you can graze Arios with your level of skill."<br/>
Even Heles had a sullen look at this one.<br/>
"I shall have you know I practiced in sword and shield as a set."<br/>
"If you manage to scratch Arios, or gravely injure him, that sword is yours."<br/>
"My goodness."<br/>
"Don't worry. We've got two high <Recovery> users here."<br/>
"You won't take back your word, will you."<br/>
"No."<br/>
"Err, umm. I would appreciate if you don't put such a huge responsibility on my shoulder."<br/>
"Show me what you've learned during this expedition."<br/>
The two had a match.<br/>
However, Heles couldn't catch Arios who moved around all over the places from the beginning till the end. Even though she's wearing light armor it's a full plated one that covers her entire body, fighting like that with a sword in right hand and a shield on the left for a prolonged period of time, her stamina won't last. By the end her feet were staggering, Lecan pronounced the match's end.<br/>
Afterward, they had lunch.<br/>
Lecan didn't say anything.<br/>
Nevertheless, Heles had calmed down after moving her body.<br/>
After lunch, Lecan had Eda cast <Purification> on Heles.<br/>
Then he lied down and fell asleep for a bit.<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
