[Okami Wa Nemuranai v18c14-16](https://www.sousetsuka.com/2020/04/okami-wa-nemuranai-18141516.html)
<br/><br/>
14<br/>
Looks like the paralysis was gone by the time they arrived at the town, Heles asked Lecan to let her walk on her own.<br/>
Lecan noticed his mistake on their way walking to the inn.<br/>
(Ah crap.)<br/>
(Forgot to finish Snow off.)<br/>
That's someone who would be a pain in the rear if left alive.<br/>
The spearsman is alive too, and since it's supposedly a six-man party, they've got five enemies now sans the one that died.<br/>
He's probably long gone already even if he goes back now, and Lecan has no idea which one's their mansion. In any case, since the incident of rescuing a woman from her abductors is already over with, fighting them now would make his side the assailant.<br/>
High-ranking adventurers are well respected in this town.<br/>
Those guys also boasted how they were invited to a town lord's banquet.<br/>
Meaning they have connections to the authority.<br/>
No idea what house is Paizalun, but it's apparently a noble's.<br/>
It's possible they'd try to alter the truth and push all faults on Lecan alone in this matter.<br/>
Telling the truth might work, it might not.<br/>
Either way, it's going to be an annoyance.<br/>
And Lecan hates annoyances.<br/>
Besides, Snow's group could come at them anytime.<br/>
If they attack Lecan's group in the middle of the town, there could be collateral damage among the populace.<br/>
(Hold on.)<br/>
(If we're gonna get attacked anyway.)<br/>
If they're gonna get attacked anyway, might as well let it happen in a dungeon.<br/>
Killing them inside a dungeon won't count as a crime.<br/>
And come to think of it, they've only got a few days remaining anyway.<br/>
If they just conquer the lowest floor and leave this town quickly, whatever Snow is gonna do won't be a concern to Lecan at all.<br/>
(Alright.)<br/>
(Let's go to the dungeon.)<br/>
(Everything will get resolved then.)<br/>
By the time they got the inn, Lecan had made his decision.<br/>
15<br/>
Both Eda and Arios had also just got back to the inn when Lecan and Heles arrived.<br/>
"We're going to the dungeon now."<br/>
"That's sudden."<br/>
"That's master for you."<br/>
"I will abide by Lecan-dono's decision."<br/>
The group headed for the dungeon.<br/>
Heles went to Adventurer Association to fetch some luggage she had left in their custody.<br/>
Then, on the 18th of month six, Lecan's party began their final expedition in Dungeon Ninae.<br/>
<TLN: Catch the latest updates and edits at Sousetsuka .com ><br/>
16<br/>
The group <Teleport>ed to floor 40's entrance.<br/>
Lecan asked Eda to cast <Purification> on Heles.<br/>
Eda did as she was told.<br/>
Heles and Arios were dumbfounded.<br/>
"I-It can't be, <Purification>?"<br/>
"And I had just sworn myself to stop getting surprised."<br/>
"Keep this ability a secret."<br/>
They passed through floor 40.<br/>
Engaging in three combats in total.<br/>
Lecan picked the optimal route with <Graph Make>.<br/>
This <Graph Make> ability ignores finer details of the terrain and shows whether a path is passable or not. And that's not all, it even displays magic beast locations.<br/>
Truly a magic tailor-made for exploring dungeons.<br/>
They had dinner and then breakfast in the morning of the next day.<br/>
"From floor 41 to 44, the enemies are the greater variant of Octocular Great Spiders. They're even sturdier than ever. Magic attacks don't work on them. I mean, not very effective at all. They seldom spit venom, but they have three very troublesome abilities in <Sleep>, <Instant Death> and <Destroy>."<br/>
"But didn't so many magic beasts we faced before have <Sleep>?"<br/>
"The effectiveness is on a whole other level. It's pretty much a different ability. It's said that you have to arm yourself with multiple equipment to resist all those here."<br/>
"Is <Instant Death> a venom?"<br/>
"No, it's not. It's a curse. It can come from any direction once you're within the range. There is no way to dodge this. Hence, you need equipment to repel curses."<br/>
"What does <Destroy> destroy?"<br/>
"Metal. Be it swords or armor, once bitten by a spider, there's a chance of it breaking. It will break into pieces. The chance of activation is quite high, you have to keep that in mind if you're bitten."<br/>
"Is that it. Let's go then."<br/>
The group went down floor 40 stairs.<br/>
Lecan took <Guardian Jewel of Zana> from his <Storage> and equipped it.<br/>
They got to floor 41.<br/>
There's one other party in the back. A six people group.<br/>
Lecan's party would encounter their first enemy soon.<br/>
Lecan charged ahead. Followed by Arios and Heles.<br/>
If these spiders don't spit venom, petrification, or white breath, then first thing first is to face it head-on.<br/>
Lecan swung <Sword of Aghost> overhead then swung it down the magic beast's head.<br/>
A head that was distinctly harder than all other spiders they fought so far.<br/>
However, his destructive force boosted by <Guardian Jewel of Zana> far exceeded even that.<br/>
The spider met its demise with its head cracked open.<br/>
"Just what, what happened?"<br/>
"And I had just renewed my resolve not to get surprised earlier."<br/>
"Is it a Red Purple Potion? No, I didn't see him drinking one, besides this is impossible even if he did."<br/>
"I was surprised too, but eh, it's Lecan 'fter all. I'm used to surprises by now."<br/>
"Think of the remaining four floors as a whetstone to grind yourself sharp."<br/>
"Yes."<br/>
"Un!"<br/>
"Acknowledged."<br/>
They engaged in five battles on floor 41.<br/>
They had lunch and descended to floor 42.<br/>
On floor 42, there were times when Lecan couldn't end the fight in one hit.<br/>
In one such case, Arios and Heles would jump in to attract the magic beasts' attention while Lecan finished them off with a second strike.<br/>
Their coordination was going smoothly.<br/>
They fought six battles and camped near the exit.<br/>
"Relaxing before a campfire, drinking soup like this inside a dungeon where so many scary magic beasts prowl all over the place. It all feels so wondrous."<br/>
"It really does. Makes you question if the world inside dungeon is the real world."<br/>
"Fufufu. Both Eda-dono, and Arios-dono are such romanticists."<br/>
"Does Heles-dono not have someone you're engaged with?"<br/>
"No, I have none."<br/>
What an awfully prying question, thought Lecan.<br/>
Though, marriage and stuff might not necessarily be a private matter to high-ranking nobles.<br/>
"It's normally unthinkable for a lady my age to not have a fiance let alone unmarried. Well, please don't pry any further if you would."<br/>
"Don't you ever have anyone you like though?"<br/>
"Haha. I spent all my time bettering myself in military arts, I couldn't afford to even think about that. Besides, every one of them just lagged behind me, a woman."<br/>
"Oh you said every one of them, so you got applications then."<br/>
"Haha. There might be some."<br/>
"I mean, it's Heles-san after all. You must get like 100, 200 men proposing you, right?"<br/>
"I wonder about that. I never counted, but those numbers sound about right."<br/>
"But all of them were weak, weren't they."<br/>
"Not even worth considering."<br/>
"Even if you didn't have someone you like, isn't there someone you wouldn't mind falling for?"<br/>
"No... Not really."<br/>
"Ah, you stole a glance at Lecan just now, didn't you?"<br/>
"I did not."<br/>
"You did, didn't you?"<br/>
"I am telling you I did not."<br/>
"Lecan really is a bad person."<br/>
"I agree with that one."<br/>
"How do I say this, that's a conversation you don't want to stick your head in."<br/>
"Eat meat."<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
