[Okami Wa Nemuranai v18c13](https://www.sousetsuka.com/2020/04/okami-wa-nemuranai-1813.html)
<br/><br/>
13<br/>
Snow is holding an unusual weapon.<br/>
Lecan noticed something here.<br/>
(It's the same weapon Vouka's town lord asked Shira help order, the weapon that shoots out flame magic.)<br/>
He has no idea why this man is holding one such weapon.<br/>
At any rate, right now Snow is attempting to shoot flame magic from inside the wagon at Lecan on the coachman's seat.<br/>
Lecan thought of casting a <Flame Spear> at him for a moment, but he stopped short since blood could spill on Heles.<br/>
"<Wind (Wizel)>!"<br/>
A gust of wind was generated, blowing the weapon away from Snow's hand.<br/>
"Ah"<br/>
Snow thrust his hand out of the window as he tried to catch the weapon.<br/>
Lecan bent over to grab that hand and pulled it toward the valley side.<br/>
"Uwaa"<br/>
The door broke apart as Snow jumped out of it.<br/>
His weapon has already fallen in the valley.<br/>
Snow got a hold of the ground just when he was about to fall. He's only a half step away from the cliff.<br/>
Lecan followed and jumped out of the coachman's seat.<br/>
"Y-you bastard. Do you have any idea, who I am? Don't think you're going to get off easily doing this to me, Snow Paizalun."<br/>
"Ask yourself that, did you believe you'll get off this scott-free?"<br/>
Lecan vigilantly probed the inside of the wagon with <3D Perception> even while exchanging word.<br/>
It's okay. Heles is safe.<br/>
The spearsman seems to have fainted, he somehow got himself in a bent position, not moving.<br/>
"I'll let you off if you beg for it now."<br/>
Snow came slashing at Lecan even while saying that.<br/>
An excellent drawing speed.<br/>
He's got to admit that much at least.<br/>
Lecan lightly stepped backward to dodge the blade and cast a spell.<br/>
"<Wind>!"<br/>
Snow had stepped forward with his right leg to draw his sword, a gust of wind along with ground dust blew at him from his left. Losing his balance, Snow fell to the verge of the cliff.<br/>
"<Flame Spear>!"<br/>
Lecan's magic attack should have pierced through Snow's chest.<br/>
However, it got repelled.<br/>
Or rather, it dispersed away.<br/>
(He's got an anti-magic equipment on him huh.)<br/>
Snow lost control of his body after receiving an impact just when he was trying balance himself, he rolled down the valley as the ground below him collapsing.<br/>
Lecan peeked inside the wagon.<br/>
Heles isn't waking up despite this much commotion.<br/>
Lecan grabbed the spearsman and threw him in the valley.<br/>
<TLN: Catch the latest updates and edits at Sousetsuka .com ><br/>
Lecan laid Heles on the backseat of the passenger box.<br/>
It looked uncomfortable with her knees bent, but unfolding her glossy hair revealed her peaceful sleeping face.<br/>
Heles isn't wearing her usual armor today, she's got a tidy shirt and a fluffy skirt on her.<br/>
"Heles."<br/>
She doesn't respond at all even after being called.<br/>
Lecan took a yellow potion out of <Storage> and squashed it over Heles's face.<br/>
After a slight pause, Heles began coming to.<br/>
"Uuun."<br/>
Realizing that it could be dangerous if she moved suddenly as she woke up, Lecan held Heles in his arms and moved behind the wagon. Since Heles's <Box> is also inside the wagon, he brought it with him using <Float>.<br/>
Heles weakly opened her eyes in Lecan's arms.<br/>
Then she noticed Lecan right before her eyes, and burst into smile.<br/>
"You came, for me."<br/>
"Yea. Can you walk."<br/>
"...No. It appears I cannot. I'm sorry but could you carry me like this."<br/>
"I see."<br/>
Looks like her body is still paralyzed even though the abnormal status has come undone.<br/>
It might have been a cursed weapon.<br/>
Then he should scratch Heles with <Dagger of Harut>.<br/>
That's one option.<br/>
(She's got such a feminine build.)<br/>
Her forged body is brimming with boyish vibrancy, and yet the bulges on her chest and waist bring about her feminine charm.<br/>
Her slender legs have this purity yet lascivious to them, there's nothing that blocks Lecan from the throat and collarbone before him.<br/>
Her make-up-less face is thoroughly smooth, her slightly open lips are bewitching.<br/>
He can't bring himself to point blade at such a beautiful body.<br/>
Besides, it's unclear whether it's really a curse.<br/>
At any rate, having <Purification> cast on her ASAP would be best.<br/>
Lecan put Heles on a bush for a moment as he put away his sword, guardian jewel, and shield in <Storage>. Along with Heles's <Box>.<br/>
Then he held Heles in his arms once again.<br/>
"Hold tight."<br/>
Heles's delicate arms cling on Lecan's neck.<br/>
A soft sweet scent filled Lecan's nasal cavity.<br/>
Lecan flew in the sky while gently holding Heles in his arms.<br/>
They could have used the wagon to go back, but there could be someone in town familiar with that wagon, which would led to trouble.<br/>
Besides, this is faster than riding a wagon.<br/>
"To think there's a man out there who could easily carry me like a girl."<br/>
Thus the woman in his arms muttered, but erased by winds, her word never reached Lecan's ear.<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
