[Okami Wa Nemuranai v19c15-16](https://www.sousetsuka.com/2020/05/okami-wa-nemuranai-191516.html)
<br/><br/>
15<br/>
Morning the next day, Lecan went to Adventurer Association with Eda.<br/>
"Ah, Lecan-san, Eda-san. Good morning."<br/>
"Good morning, Aira-san."<br/>
"Huh? Eda-san, did your speech change?"<br/>
"A bit, ehehe."<br/>
"Congratulations."<br/>
"Eh?"<br/>
"Eda-san, for your participation in Silver Wolf extermination and all of your past achievements, you have been promoted to rank silver."<br/>
"Really?! Yay."<br/>
"Here's your adventurer badge."<br/>
"This is, my, silver rank Adventurer Badge."<br/>
Eda wrapped the badge in both her hands and pressed it on her chest.<br/>
"Lecan-san. Your eye is really gentle when you look at Eda."<br/>
"What about our reward."<br/>
"Yes. It's three gold coins. Please take it."<br/>
"Yea. Go ahead, Eda."<br/>
"Eh?"<br/>
"You took care of the thing. These three gold coins are yours."<br/>
"But, if Lecan wasn't there-"<br/>
"All I did was watching. You have the right to take the reward."<br/>
"...I got it. I'll take them. Thank you (narou) Lecan."<br/>
"Lecan-san."<br/>
"What."<br/>
"Won't you look at me with that gentle eye too? ...No, nevermind. More importantly, the association head wishes to personally express his gratitudes for your service with the extermination quest."<br/>
"I've got things to do after this. Save it for later."<br/>
"Please don't say that, it'll only take a bit."<br/>
"Make it quick."<br/>
"Please come this way."<br/>
<TLN: Catch the latest updates and edits at Sousetsuka .com ><br/>
16<br/>
The association head is a brawny robust man with a cleanly shaved head. He's not quite an elderly yet, but he's way past the age of an active adventurer.<br/>
"Hey, so you're Lecan. That's some look on your mug. You have my thanks for investigating and eliminating the Silver Wolf."<br/>
"No worries."<br/>
"We didn't believe the testimony at first, who could have thought a Silver Wolf would show up at that place. It would have been a huge disaster if that was left alone. Thank you."<br/>
"We got the reward. Give your thank to Aira who stopped Telnis taking the quest and brought it up to me instead. Is that all you need?"<br/>
"No, I need you for something else. Just checking, you're <Overlord in Black Lecan>, aren't you."<br/>
"I'm Lecan. I don't remember ever calling myself with that weird name."<br/>
"Oh excuse me. You're adventurer Lecan who conquered Dungeon Golbul twice, aren't you."<br/>
"Yea."<br/>
"How many people did it? There's apparently a record that states the dungeon boss there won't show up if three people go in."<br/>
"Solo."<br/>
"Twice?"<br/>
"Yea."<br/>
"Hmph. You're some real hotshot. And, is it true you told Aira you conquered Ninae too?"<br/>
"Yea."<br/>
"Don't tell me you did that solo as well."<br/>
"There were four of us."<br/>
"Can you tell me those four?"<br/>
"Me, Eda, a swordsman by the name Arios, and another swordsman we picked up on-site."<br/>
"Arios? Never heard of him, is he in this town?"<br/>
"For now. He's leaving soon. He'll probably come back once before going off somewhere again. He travels all over to begin with."<br/>
"You aside, I thought it was a joke when I heard <Thousand Shoot Eda> conquered Dungeon Ninae, but seeing her in person like this was quite a surprise. She's like a wholly different person than the one I saw before. I can believe she's really conquered Ninae now."<br/>
"Really now. So what's your business."<br/>
"The town lord has issued a recommendation for your promotion to gold rank adventurer."<br/>
"Hou."<br/>
That was when Lecan recalled something. The thing Shira told him. As prerequisites for Eda to live independently, first thing first she needs to aim for gold rank adventurer.<br/>
"Eda too?"<br/>
"No, it's just for you."<br/>
"Nike got the gold rank after eliminating an Octocular Great Spider. Eda took care of a Silver Wolf and also conquered Ninae, yet I who conquered Dungeon Golbul, a dungeon completely unrelated to this town, is getting gold rank?"<br/>
"We haven't heard any rumor about Ninae yet. Besides, that Octocular Great Spider had dealt a serious blow to this town's economy and traffics, while the Silver Wolf had done nothing."<br/>
"I see. Magic beasts should only be eliminated once they've caused a huge damage. We'll keep that in mind next time."<br/>
"Come on now. The town lord has his own standpoints to consider."<br/>
"I'm not blaming the town lord. I'm merely asking for your opinion."<br/>
The association head went silent for a while.<br/>
"We shall report the matter about Silver Wolf to the town lord. As for Ninae, do you have any proof of your conquest?"<br/>
"None. The dungeon boss there is a Material Type after all, and I only brought its magic stone back."<br/>
"Magic stone of a dungeon boss! Could ya let me have a look."<br/>
"Gave it to Shira. As a souvenir."<br/>
"O-oh really."<br/>
"I'm sure you heard that I'm in a hurry."<br/>
Lecan stood up.<br/>
"Ah, hold it. The town lord wishes to buy <Dagger of Harut> off you. Calm down and listen now. He'll pay you one whole white gold coin for it. You'll be presenting it to him publicly however."<br/>
As Lecan walked to the door, he shook his head.<br/>
"That dagger is for my personal use. It's not for sale."<br/>
"I'd like to listen to more of your stories next time."<br/>
"My schedule is packed today and tomorrow. Then I'm off to gather herbs on the 31st."<br/>
"That's it. I want to ask about that too. How'd you manage to get accepted as Shira-shi's apprentice, oy!"<br/>
Lecan opened the door and walked away.<br/>
Eda bowed and politely closed the door.<br/>
After leaving the association building, Lecan headed to Norma's house. He told Eda she could go back, but she said she wanted to see Norma too, so they went together.<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
Next Chapter <br/>
