[Okami Wa Nemuranai v19c1-2](https://www.sousetsuka.com/2020/05/okami-wa-nemuranai-1912.html)
<br/><br/>
1<br/>
After arriving at Vouka town, Lecan went straight to Shira to report to her.<br/>
Along with Eda and Arios.<br/>
Why is Arios tagging along?<br/>
"The master who taught Lecan-dono magic? Please, I'd love to meet her by all means."<br/>
Arios plans to stay in Vouka town for a while longer in order to put the things he learned in the dungeon into practice.<br/>
Arios wasn't born in this town. He wouldn't tell where he was from, but he said he was born in a distant town, and is currently in a journey to expand his views.<br/>
He wasn't actually hired as a bodyguard at Goncourt House.<br/>
He was referred there by a noble from another town, in other word, he was a house guest.<br/>
Therefore, he actually has no more reason to stay in this town, but he insists on accompanying Lecan for a bit more in order to steal his techniques.<br/>
"Do as you like."<br/>
That was Lecan's answer.<br/>
<TLN: Catch the latest updates and edits at Sousetsuka .com ><br/>
2<br/>
"Shira-baachan! We're back!"<br/>
"Nice to have you back. Lecan too."<br/>
"Yea."<br/>
"Please pardon my intrusion. My name is Arios."<br/>
"Welcome. I'm Shira. It's so rare to see Lecan bringing someone else here."<br/>
"Here's tea and snacks for you."<br/>
"Oh dear, thank you. This is quite a nice tea brand. Must have been expensive."<br/>
"Ehehe. I was in charge of picking them up. And for Jericho, here! Assortment of fruit. I've got a lot with me."<br/>
"Uhohohoho!"<br/>
"This time I have a souvenir for Shira as well."<br/>
"Well now, how unusual. Just what is... Hee. This is one's splendid magic stone."<br/>
"It's Dungeon Ninae Boss's."<br/>
"I knew it, you got to the last floor. I figured that'd be the case seeing the huge boost in you two's life forces. Thanks for the souvenir. Well, anyway, have a seat everyone. I'll go get you tea."<br/>
"Uho?"<br/>
"Got nothing for you."<br/>
"...."<br/>
"Don't be down. My bad. I'm gonna get you something next time."<br/>
"Uhou."<br/>
Lecan, Eda, and Arios took a seat and made themselves at home while Shira was making tea.<br/>
Fatigue had piled up in their bodies, thus even sitting was quite relaxing.<br/>
(So Shira is able to see people's life forces.)<br/>
Lecan's <Life Detection> can discern strength of humans and magic beasts to a degree. However, it cannot detect life forces.<br/>
Eventually Shira brought their tea and took a seat herself.<br/>
"The boost seems a bit odd even factoring you defeating the dungeon boss however. Did something happen?"<br/>
"Really? Fumu. Might be that. The Dungeon Boss summoned 10,000 of its familiars during our fight with it, we annihilated all of them."<br/>
"Oh dear, that one came out huh. That must have been rough. Well done coming back here in one piece."<br/>
"It would have been bad had you not taught me <Crawling Flame (Gailvey)> magic. And if you didn't give me that wand. And if Eda, Arios and Heles weren't there."<br/>
"Heles?"<br/>
"A knightess that took on the dungeon together with us."<br/>
"Hee? Well anyway, Eda-chan, let me have a good look on you."<br/>
Shira stared at Eda.<br/>
"Unn. This is amazing. She won't fall behind some random adventurers or magic beasts as she is now. But still, you really overdid it. Even went and conquered the dungeon."<br/>
Shira glared at Lecan.<br/>
"I believe I told you to go no further than floor 20."<br/>
"That's what you said to help her experience a dungeon. However, I wanted to give Eda strength to live her future. Besides, to understand the true severity of combat you've got to overcome life and death ones."<br/>
Shira sighed out greatly.<br/>
"You. Haven't you forgotten that Eda-chan is still 14?"<br/>
"Eh?"<br/>
It was Arios who voiced his surprise.<br/>
"F-fourteen?"<br/>
"Un! I'm fourteen years old. Guess I never mentioned that?"<br/>
"So you're saying we took a fourteen year old girl to a dungeon, to the depths of it even."<br/>
"Look there, Lecan. Even this Longlifer, Arios, has more common sense than you."<br/>
Arios was shocked, his eyes opened wide when he heard her.<br/>
"Longlifer? What's that."<br/>
"A race of people that lives longer than ordinary humans. That said, it's only about twice or thrice longer at most."<br/>
"That's nothing much."<br/>
"Right it is."<br/>
To Lecan, it's nothing much since he has Shira here as a comparison. Shira was a witch from a long gone kingdom, which fell more than 300 years ago.<br/>
"H-how did you find out."<br/>
"Eh, that's obvious at a glance."<br/>
"No one has ever managed to find out. To begin with, I have never even encountered anyone who is aware of Longlifer's existence."<br/>
Shira squinted and stared at Arios.<br/>
"38 year old huh. Quite young."<br/>
"Eeh? You know my age? That cannot be"<br/>
"I just counted the wrinkles in your mana pleats. It's nothing much."<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
