[Okami Wa Nemuranai v33c15](https://www.sousetsuka.com/2021/01/okami-wa-nemuranai-3315.html)
<br/><br/>
15Not sure why he's gotta do that.However, Lecan has taken a liking to this old man.The old man went out of his way to write down his answer to Lecan's question earlier. That was his way to prevent the information leaking to the chubby man, the observer.It's just casting <Appraisal> anyway, no biggie.Lecan held <Comet Cutter> in his right hand and recited the spell."<Appraisal>.""YOU MORON!"He got shouted at all of a sudden."Where the heck is your wand!"A wand is necessary to cast spells that demand precision. That's just common sense. Lecan took his wand out of <Storage>. The dark brown wand he got from Shira. The chubby man's eyes stopped for an instance while he was reading the documents on his hand when Lecan took the wand out, and Lecan overlooked that once again.As Lecan held his wand up, the elderly appraiser squinted with a dubious look on his face."Hold it. Put that wand over here."He tapped the table with his fist. Having no choice, Lecan did as told.Elder Termin stared at the wand for a while before lifting his face up."Do you mind if I appraise this wand. Of course you don't need to pay as it is my initiative."Lecan looked at the chubby man. He's not reacting at all despite hearing everything."Go ahead."Elder Termin held his black wand over, did the preliminary spell and recited the activation spell."<Appraisal>."After keeping his pose for a while, he put his wand down and asked Lecan."What's the story behind this wand. Where did you get your hands on it?""Got it from my magic teacher.""What's that teacher's name.""Not saying."<TLN: Catch the latest updates and edits at Sousetsuka .com >"What is that teacher's connection with a certain individual.""A certain individual?"The old man took a blank appraisal tag from the drawer, and wrote down something on it before showing it to Lecan.<Master Mazara Wedepasha> is written there.Lecan almost blurted how they're the same person, but he can't do that."Can't say either, but they're deeply connected, I'll leave it at that.""So they are. To think such a person exists. Do you mind if I give this wand a cast.""Sure yeah.""Much obliged."The old man used Lecan's wand to appraise <Comet Cutter>. Then he reluctantly handed it back to Lecan while gazing at it."Is this really such a good wand?""It has got no particular special functions to speak of whatsoever. However its mana path is unfathomably straight. Using magic with this wand leaves absolutely no residue behind. You simply cannot create a wand like this. The maker of this wand must possess a truly clear transparent heart."'Her nature is pretty twisted though', Lecan muttered in his mind.The elderly appraiser's distant look abruptly turned stern."Now then, get to it."Lecan held his wand over the sword."<Appraisal>""YOU ABSOLUTE MORON!"The elderly appraiser got so mad Lecan almost believed he was going to hit him."Where's yer' preliminary casting! You dang slacker!""Never learned it.""What?""Never learned the preliminary casting.""You managed to learn and cast this magic without ever memorizing the preliminary casting?""Yea.""Fumu. Unbelievable. But no matter. Do not let up on preliminary casting from now on. You hear me.""Dunno how.""What?""I don't remember the words.""Didn't ya hear me reciting them.""I did but I didn't listen. So I don't remember.""YOU UTTER MORAN!"What was probably 'moron' sounded like 'moran' instead. This old man might be unexpectedly fun, thus Lecan starting to think. The vein popping on his forehead has its own charm too."I'll show ya just this once. Do not miss a word!"Then the elderly appraiser took a stance with his wand.Lecan focused his ears fully."O Gafra Dafra, mirror that reflects all truth, o wisdom of terminus. Clear away the arcane light of bewildering mist pointed by my wand, passed through by my mana, cast light upon its true actuality. <Appraisal>!"After a bit, he lowered his wand and glared at Lecan."Give it a shot."Having no choice, Lecan took readied his wand."O Gafra Dafra, mirror that reflects all truth, o wisdom of terminus. Clear away the arcane light of bewildering mist pointed by my wand, passed through by my mana, cast light upon its true actuality. <Appraisal>.""You, fool!"Another shouting."Yer' still young, what the heck's that sloven casting! Get them pronunciations right! Know that proper manifestation of magic only comes after proper casting! Do it again!""O Gafra Dafra, mirror that reflects all truth, o wisdom of terminus. Clear away the arcane light of bewildering mist pointed by my wand, passed through by my mana, cast light upon its true actuality. <Appraisal>.""Ya dang fool! Yer' pronunciations' all over the place. Say the 'ra' on gafra by flicking your tongue through yer' palate. Stick yer' tongue on the underside and blow with your mouth for 'ra' on dafra. Do not pronounce appraisal slovenly like <Faheu>, do it right, <Abel>. Try it.""O Gafra Dafra, mirror that reflects all truth, o wisdom of terminus. Clear away the arcane light of bewildering mist pointed by my wand, passed through by my mana, cast light upon its true actuality. <Appraisal>.""Have ya gone senile already?! Say those words aloud, with sprightly voice!""O Gafra Dafra, mirror that reflects all truth, o wisdom of terminus. Clear away the arcane light of bewildering mist pointed by my wand, passed through by my mana, cast light upon its true actuality. <Appraisal>!"   Previous Chapter <br/>
