[Okami Wa Nemuranai v37c6](https://www.sousetsuka.com/2021/02/okami-wa-nemuranai-376.html)
<br/><br/>
 6<br/>
It was one ferocious slash.<br/>
Zoltan's sword would have cut deep into Lecan's body had not for the Overking Bear overcoat he's wearing.<br/>
The slash cut apart Overking Bear overcoat, sliced his bones and diced his flesh, but it was not fatal.<br/>
"<Flame Arrow>!"<br/>
Two Flame Arrows emerged in empty air and flew toward Zoltan's closed eyes.<br/>
A sudden magic attack at point-blank range. And right after he committed an attack. Not even Zoltan managed to dodge this.<br/>
The attack did little to no damage, but due to receiving direct attack on vital points, his eyes, Zoltan stopped moving for a moment.<br/>
"<Wind>!"<br/>
Lecan flew backward pushed by <Gust>.<br/>
Zoltan slashed once again as Lecan was retreating, but this time Lecan's necklace blocked the slash.<br/>
Nevertheless, the speed of these rapid slashes from those loosely hanging arms is simply astonishing.<br/>
"<Wind>! <Wind>! <Wind>!"<br/>
Lecan kicked the ground and accelerated backward with <Gust>.<br/>
Zoltan isn't giving a chase.<br/>
A 30 step distance was created between the two.<br/>
Zoltan is watching Lecan's every move with his sword right arm hanging loosely.<br/>
"<Recovery>!"<br/>
Lecan cast <Recovery> on his left shoulder using his right hand.<br/>
Then he thrust that right arm with the palm open forward.<br/>
"<Flame Spear>! <Flame Spear>! <Flame Spear>! <Flame Spear>! <Flame Spear>!"<br/>
A barrage of five <Flame Spears>.<br/>
Zoltan blew apart a flaming spear aimed at his face with his magic sword.<br/>
The other four hit his body, creating a roaring pillar of flames. It looks oddly dramatic, but Zoltan is probably unhurt in there.<br/>
Phantasmal Verdant Hornet is a material with an extremely high resistance against magic. It's even capable of reflecting magic attacks. The inner side of the armor must be undamaged. It's an exceedingly difficult material to gather, Lecan has never seen an adventurer who managed to gather enough to make a complete set of armor.<br/>
"<Flame Spear>! <Flame Spear>! <Flame Spear>! <Flame Spear>! <Flame Spear>!"<br/>
He shot out another five.<br/>
Lecan waited for the effect of <Recovery> to manifest enough on himself and sort out what he knew so far.<br/>
First, he understands that Zoltan can use <3D Perceptions> from the exchange earlier.<br/>
Lecan recalled his conversation with Zoltan.<br/>
<TLN: Catch the latest updates and edits at Sousetsuka .com ><br/>
'What's the story behind your left eye?'<br/>
'Was on floor 42 of Dungeon Tantran.'<br/>
'Tritailed Serpent's venom eh? That thing's pretty nasty.'<br/>
Naturally, Zoltan must have conquered Dungeon Tantran and got the <3D Perceptions>. He likely knows <Mana Detection> as well.<br/>
"<Flame Spear>! <Flame Spear>! <Flame Spear>! <Flame Spear>! <Flame Spear>!"<br/>
Lecan retreated further as he kept shooting magic.<br/>
Zoltan has <Shadow Blade> skill. This is a skill from their old world. It shoots out invisible blades. Lecan has seen this skill before.<br/>
Lecan's barrier disappeared after Zoltan recited the spell <Goar>. What was that anyway.<br/>
In his old world's language, <Goar> means <Devour>. Which originally comes from the word <Starve>. Considering <Wind>, and <Blade>, perhaps he should call it <Starve>. Either way, Lecan has no knowledge of any skill that makes use of that bizarre spell.<br/>
But there are countless skills outside Lecan's knowledge in his old world. Adventurers don't flaunt their repertoire of abilities, the more unusual, powerful, or special a skill is, the less likely they will disclose it. It won't be surprising if a man of Zoltan's caliber possesses three, four skills Lecan has no idea of.<br/>
That skill is probably a skill that devours magic. Zoltan cast <Shadow Blade> to activate Lecan's barrier, then he devoured that barrier and attacked with his magic sword through the crack in the barrier.<br/>
A chill ran down Lecan's spine.<br/>
Lecan is considered strong in this world thanks to the swordsmanship, stamina and skills he honed in his old world, and with those as a base, the boosts in basic attributes and learning magic.<br/>
But his enemy this time is a man who has acquired swordsmanship and skills beyond Lecan in their old world, and amassed even more powers in this world for decades before Lecan.<br/>
Lecan hid himself in the end of the left corridor, grabbed one large magic stone from the bag on his waist and absorbed mana off it.<br/>
Although Lecan never underestimated him, he always saw Zoltan as an elderly. Somewhere in his heart, he thought 'He's long past his prime as a fighter.'<br/>
But that was far from the truth.<br/>
He's strong.<br/>
Genuinely and legitimately strong.<br/>
He's a foe beyond me, thus Lecan admitted Zoltan's strength in his heart.<br/>
He could feel a sense of joy welling up from within.<br/>
The very first time in this world, an opponent where he must exert every last bit of his strength.<br/>
And it's an adventurer from the same world at that.<br/>
(Interesting.)<br/>
(Ain't this interesting.)<br/>
(Getting the chance to have such an interesting fight.)<br/>
(This is exactly what it means to be adventurers.)<br/>
He no longer gives a lick as to why they're fighting anymore.<br/>
Thoughts of what would come after the fight vanished from his head.<br/>
He can experience a fight against the toughest opponent he's ever faced in his life to his heart's content and with no one interrupting. Everything else is trivial in the face of that fact.<br/>
Lecan's entire being is trembling with euphoria.<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
 <br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
