[Okami Wa Nemuranai v38c14](https://www.sousetsuka.com/2021/03/okami-wa-nemuranai-3814.html)
<br/><br/>
 14<br/>
Invited by Bruska, Lecan headed to the food court of the workshop area. Other adventurers who had gathered also followed along. With Arios, Nark and Nell in tow.<br/>
It turned into a huge feast.<br/>
Knight Orug and knight Torog father and son seemed to be quite reviled by people. It's also a celebration for getting back at the nasty knights.<br/>
And for the big news of the existence of the previously unknown floor 121.<br/>
As well as for the final fight of Zoltan, virtually a hero of this town.<br/>
Many wanted to hear from Lecan, but Lecan was in a really gloomy mood, he wouldn't give a decent reply.<br/>
Instead, Bruska, Tsuinga and Yoana spread the story they heard from Lecan.<br/>
The party got even more festive, but Lecan went back to the inn ahead of everyone else saying he was tired.<br/>
He spent the following day sleeping.<br/>
Today would have been 11 days since they handed over their armor to the repair workshop. It was done when Arios paid the workshop a visit, thus he took it back with him.<br/>
Lecan spent the day doing nothing again the day after.<br/>
A man that seemed to be a spy was observing the inn.<br/>
Then as Lecan was having a quiet drink with Arios in the evening, some guests came by.<br/>
Knight Baiad Rengra.<br/>
"Lecan. There is someone who wishes to see you. Do you mind if I bring him here?"<br/>
Arios stood up and welcomed knight Baiad, but Lecan only sent a glace from his chair before replying listlessly.<br/>
"Yea."<br/>
Three guests came in. Every one of them looks to be of a high standing. Two are familiar faces. The last one is easy to guess.<br/>
Baiad kept staring at Lecan. He's waiting for Lecan to stand up.<br/>
However, Lecan wouldn't even make an attempt to.<br/>
"It's fine."<br/>
"Sir. Lecan. This person here is the townlord of Tsubolt, his excellency marquis Giluent Notz. Then next to him are townlord's aide, earl Haydent Notz, and chief administrator miss Eliza Notz."<br/>
"So you are Lecan."<br/>
"Yea."<br/>
"May I have a seat."<br/>
"Be my guest."<br/>
Arios shifted the chairs around and pulled one out for Giluent.<br/>
"My apologies. Hm? Wait."<br/>
As Arios was leaving for the second floor, Giluent called out to him.<br/>
"Could you show me your face."<br/>
Arios turned around. Giluent stared at his face.<br/>
"Are you perhaps, Maxir-dono's."<br/>
Arios put his hand on his chest and bowed.<br/>
"I'm a nephew of Maxir, Arios."<br/>
"Ooh. My goodness. So you are. How is Maxir-dono faring?"<br/>
"Yes, well. It's no longer possible for him to go out on an excursion, but he's doing very well."<br/>
"Most welcome news. Seeing you are his nephew, does that mean your father is Maxir-dono's older brother."<br/>
"Yes."<br/>
"If I'm not mistaken, Maxir-dono's older brother goes by the name Rigan-dono. And you are his."<br/>
"Eldest son."<br/>
"I see. Then you must be. So, are you here on a request? No, it is not my place to pry."<br/>
"I have been going into the dungeon."<br/>
"Dungeon?"<br/>
"Yes. I'm learning how to fight from this Lecan-dono here in dungeon Tsubolt."<br/>
"What. Teaching the heir to the elder of Iris Clan? Is Lecan truly that accomplished of a swordsman?"<br/>
Arios lightly put his finger on his lips. Before replying back.<br/>
"Lecan-dono's fighting style is the very definition of free flowing. Many techniques I learned from Lecan-dono have led to a new height for our school of swordsmanship."<br/>
"Mu, mu."<br/>
Nark who got out of the kitchen froze in place when he realized the unusual guests that have come to visit his inn.<br/>
"Owner."<br/>
<TLN: Catch the latest updates and edits at Sousetsuka .com ><br/>
Knight Baiad spoke to him.<br/>
"Excuse us, we would like to reserve this inn for the time being."<br/>
"Y-yes sir."<br/>
"Well then, could you prepare meals for four."<br/>
"Baiad. Not four. Six."<br/>
"Sir."<br/>
"Get Arios-dono's share as well. For you too."<br/>
"Sir. Then, owner. Please prepare meals for six."<br/>
"Y-yes."<br/>
"Arios-dono. I would like you to take a seat."<br/>
Arios nodded and took a seat next to Lecan.<br/>
"You guys too, have a seat."<br/>
Haydent and Eliza sat down too. Baiad is standing still.<br/>
"What do you think Haydent. What's your impression of <Rafin's Rock Terrace Inn>."<br/>
Haydent looked awfully nostalgic as he looked around the insides of the inn from his chair.<br/>
"So this is how the real thing like. It is exactly as what he described in his talk."<br/>
"Haha, is that right then. Haydent, be at ease. Speak as my younger brother, not a subordinate while we're in this inn. You too Eliza."<br/>
"Yes, Aniue."<br/>
"Understood, uncle."<br/>
"Let us have a toast. Lecan, do you have a recommendation?"<br/>
"Think Zoltan liked Kizolt fermented liquor."<br/>
"I shall have that then."<br/>
Baiad went to the back to make the order, Nark took the liquor from a shelf.<br/>
"Oh and Zoltan also preferred to drink from a wooden cup."<br/>
"Oho. Then I shall do the same."<br/>
Baiad also got his share.<br/>
"Let us offer this drink. To Zoltan. Cheers (Jo Jood)."<br/>
Everyone said Jo Jood in unison and drank their cups.<br/>
Giluent muttered while staring at his wooden cup.<br/>
"Zoltan never once relied on me until the very end."<br/>
"Aniue. That would be me. You promoted Zoltan-dono as a noble and your retainer and put him under your protection. Yet, Zoltan-dono never once attempted to go anywhere near this inn. He kept shaking his head when I offered protection to the innkeeper couple as well."<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
 <br/>
