<br/>
Hi if there any mistake found in the translation please point it up using the comment. Enjoy.<br/>
T/N<br/>
Maou = Demon King<br/>
Onizoku = Orge Tribe<br/>
Editor:Oscuras<br/>
A day has passed after the second summons.<br/>
Right now, I was sitting on the bed in the prison that located in the basement of the royal palace.<br/>
[Did you calm down your head already?] (knight)<br/>
[….yes, I’m sorry for causing you trouble.] (Iori)<br/>
I lowered my head while said it in a regretful tone to the knight who has spoken from the other side of the iron bar. As the knight breathed a sigh in relief saying [I’ll report it to His Majesty, then you’d be able to go out after a while] then he departed away from the prison.<br/>
Such as, “I’m sorry to cause you trouble” ……don’t joke with me. The one saying that should be your kingdom.<br/>
While being in the prison, I heard lots of things from the knight.<br/>
Such as how I hit Luser’s like a punching bag and left him with big scars, and the person himself says nothing about it and I’ll be taken out from a jail immediately after I’ve gained my composure. It seems they consider me as innocent because they classify the assault as being related to the shock from being summoned.<br/>
Well, they just can’t execute immediately a hero that just got summoned<br/>
However, I was slightly careless to act without understanding the situation first.<br/>
The result is, I’ve being thrown into this prison.<br/>
Because it had happened right after I was murdered, It can’t be helped right.<br/>
「…..although by using some magic it was possible to break out of this prison easily, but」(Iori)<br/>
Either its the effect of being killed once or the effect of being summoned a second time.<br/>
For some reason, I’m completely unable to use any magic at all.<br/>
Even if I can release some feeble magical power, I cannot convert it into the form of magic at all.<br/>
It may be said that I almost lost all my power as a hero as well.<br/>
Therefore by entering the prison, I have no strength to break through it.<br/>
Even to kill Luser’s it will take a considerable effort.<br/>
In addition to that, I realised that my appearance was quite strange.<br/>
My muscle strength has dropped and my height was also reduced, even the colour of the hair has changed.<br/>
It seems that I was returning to my appearance at the age when I still in high school, somehow similar to when I was summoned for the first time.<br/>
My face has become young, and it is natural that nobody will notice that I’m the former hero.<br/>
While I was unable to use magic, my muscular strength has dropped too.<br/>
「Still—」(Iori)<br/>
All the knowledge, technique and the experience I gained is still firmly in my mind.<br/>
I may be able to defeat an ordinary knight easily.<br/>
There are plenty of methods I can use if I feel like doing it.<br/>
「Luser’s…….」(Iori)<br/>
I bear my anger when I close my eyes as I recall something.<br/>
First is being summoned into this world. Then,about being betrayed by my fellow companions.<br/>
◆<br/>
When I was summoned into this world it was about three years ago.<br/>
At that time I was relaxing in my home then suddenly I being summoned in the same way as now by this kingdom.<br/>
「Welcome Hero from another world, please, I want you to save this world from the Maou」(unknown voice)<br/>
At that time too, when I opened my eyes I was standing in a circle with a strange pattern.<br/>
Ironically, I heard the same words for the first and the second time being summoned.<br/>
Afterwards, the old man that claims to be the King explained the reason why I got summoned.<br/>
The world is called Leytesha and is the world different from earth.<br/>
It seems to be a crisis and the world is on the brink of destruction the cause is an existence that is referred to as the Maou.<br/>
「Therefore, in order to slay the Maou the Onriin Kingdom summoned a hero」(King)<br/>
「……that is」(Iori)<br/>
「Thats right, It’s you」(King)<br/>
The parallel worlds, the Hero and the Maou.<br/>
In the modern society, everything that is being spouted by that mouth will not be taken seriously.<br/>
Without mercy, all the information being told to me is confusing my head.<br/>
「Then hero, what is your name?」(King)<br/>
The glance being given by the king obviously has the aura of being accustomed to the politics. Being in such a situation I cannot think of it as a joke, as the surrounding atmosphere becomes heavy.<br/>
Amatsuki Iori.<br/>
Thinking about my name, it seems to sound a bit girly, thinking about that I spoke out my name.<br/>
「Amatsu」(Iori)<br/>
Only half of it.<br/>
As I stutter magnificently from the tension.<br/>
It is beyond my control, the last time I standing in a crowd like this was at my junior high school graduation ceremony.<br/>
「I see, so Amatsu it is」(King)<br/>
No, you are wrong.<br/>
Still, cannot say anything as Amatsu eventually is established as it is.<br/>
At that time,because there is no time for it.<br/>
「Then Amatsu-dono…….would you save this world from the Maou?」(King)<br/>
As a matter of course, the King is going to push forward the story.<br/>
I got irritated from the tone that ignored my circumstances entirely, as I want to say 「I do not want to fight」 in my trembling voice.<br/>
I’ve been alive for 16 years.<br/>
Without doing anything special,being dragged by the problems of other people.<br/>
When both my parents were killed in an accident, I was being taken care of by my uncle.<br/>
Even though, being dragged by the circumstances,however, this is a matter of life or death.<br/>
That makes me really want to go back home. Asking「It takes several years to return to the original world」to be returned .「In few more years, the kingdom will be annihilated by the Maou forces 」it was a threat.<br/>
From a high school student that knows nothing about fighting, what did the people from this world expect from someone such as me?<br/>
Afterwards, 「without having my consent」 I was being dismissed by the order of the King. From now on, I will be living in one of the palace rooms. As they trying to slowly change my mind, yet such an ulterior motive can be seen through by me.<br/>
Thus, I shut myself up in the room while going through my daily life just eating and sleeping.<br/>
As the people at the palace look at me, they’ll scorn me as a coward.<br/>
At that time, I just didn’t care because I just wanted to do things that entertained myself.<br/>
I was determined that I don’t want to become a slave known as “Hero”.<br/>
At first, I was thinking like that.<br/>
However, an event happened that became a turning point.<br/>
A radical faction that got furious because I decided to not to fight, they launched a surprise attack into my room. It was a narrow escape. If the woman who happened to pass by didn’t help me, I would’ve been certainly killed.<br/>
There should be a knight doing a patrol in the palace.<br/>
However,by chance,on that day the knight on patrol was slacking off.<br/>
The people who attacked me were given a severe punishment by the King.<br/>
The knight who abandoned his duties was given a similar fate.<br/>
Related to the event that occurred, the King shamelessly said.<br/>
「Amatsu-dono if you do not fight as a hero, perhaps a similar thing will happen in the future」(King)<br/>
In other words, the King was the one that pulled the strings behind the scenes.<br/>
Even I was able to notice it but was not able to do anything about it.<br/>
「Four years. I promise to let you return to your original world if you protect the kingdom during those four years」(King)<br/>
Said the King once. Over the years the attacks of the Maou forces became intense.<br/>
At this rate in three years, the human race would perish.<br/>
In other words, 「If you want to return back to your original world,then defeat the Maou」 that was the meaning of the words spoken by the King.<br/>
If I don’t fight, I might be killed by the hands of the King himself.<br/>
Otherwise, if the kingdom was destroyed by the Maou, it was not possible for me to return to my original world.<br/>
「…….I understand」(Iori)<br/>
After that I was dragged by the flow, being made to fight for something that was unrelated to me.<br/>
◆<br/>
As I decided to fight, like a miracle I was able to understand the method how to use my power.<br/>
The crest which is the proof of the hero was inscribed on my arms.<br/>
It gives me a superhuman physical ability and overwhelming magic power.<br/>
As being exploited, I was made to fight as instructed.<br/>
Influenced by the power, my hair turned grey and even my height was greatly increased too. In just three months, my appearance became completely different from back then.<br/>
At that time, it was the beginning of Iori being referred as “hero Amatsu”.<br/>
Becoming a saviour to protect the world.<br/>
「”Hero” huh」(Iori)<br/>
To save the world or being a saviour, I don’t think about such a noble thing at all.<br/>
This is a fight only for the sake of me returning to my original world.<br/>
At first, I thought that way.<br/>
My thoughts changed after half a year passed.<br/>
「I’m Luser, In order to defeat the devil king army, please let me join you」(Luser)<br/>
To confront with the Maou army, the cooperation with many humans is a necessity.<br/>
Among those people, Luser, the magic instructor was one of them.<br/>
「I have a little sister, and I want to create the world where hope exists for her sake」(Luser)<br/>
Luser said that he fights in order to protect his important person.<br/>
Being thrown in such a world,there is no one that I wish to protect.<br/>
However, Luser saying that he wants to fight so he can protect looked amazing.<br/>
「I don’t want to see any of my kin being hurt anymore, that’s why I choose to fight together with you Amatsu」(Dionis)<br/>
Being said so by Dionis,a youth that came from Onizoku* a sub-human. T/N #Ogre tribe#<br/>
As the Onizoku that always took the neutral stands, they were loathed by both human and the Maou forces.<br/>
「That’s why I must lead the Onizoku. I will do anything for the sake of protecting my tribe」(Dionis)<br/>
A sense of responsibility,to fight for the tribe sake.<br/>
And a strong will to achieve his mission.<br/>
It was something that Dionis had, something I will never have because I was just being dragged.<br/>
While I fought with them, I realised that little by little something is changing me.<br/>
Then.<br/>
The woman that protected me from the attack of the radicals before.<br/>
An encounter with Lucifina changed me greatly.<br/>
「My village was caught up in the battle between the human and the Maou army.<br/>
At that time both my parents…」(Lucifina)<br/>
Human, demon, sub-human, there are plenty of people that I saw being hurt and die from the war. Therefore, I want to create the world without war where every race will be able to coexist. Lucifina told me her dream.<br/>
「If I’m together with you, I believe that will be possible」”Lucifina”<br/>
There were many times when I was saved by Lucifina.<br/>
When I almost gave up she always supported me.<br/>
Saying things such as “you are a strong person and you’ll certainly be able to return to your original world”.<br/>
I never complained in a harsh fight, because of her figure that always supported her companions gently has drawn me little by little.<br/>
At first, when I decided to fight, I thought only about returning to my former world.<br/>
But when I continued our journey, my feelings changed.<br/>
As I saw many people being hurt because of the war.<br/>
I looked at the sub-humans that lost their important persons in the war.<br/>
As I saw Mazoku* grieving for their killed friends. T/N demon race*<br/>
I truly saw lots of people being hurt by the war.<br/>
That’s why I thought. I want to realise the world without wars like I was being told by Lucifina.<br/>
However, even if I have the power of the hero, it wasn’t an easy journey. There were many times I almost died and became discourage myself. Because of my three companions, I was able to keep on fighting.<br/>
While receiving the support from a kingdom and the other countries we fought against Maou army. The outcome of the war reversed greatly and was gradually leaning toward the human side.<br/>
Just as the end of the war getting near.Our bond was deepening, the only thing left was defeating the Maou,the root of all evil.<br/>
That’s what I thought.<br/>
―― Until the day when the decisive battle was carried out.<br/>
◆<br/>
About three years have passed since the day I was being summoned.<br/>
All the labyrinths along with the King Four Devas which the Maou army-installed in each country<br/>
Have been defeated,the only one remaining was the Maou.<br/>
By receiving all country support, my party marched into the Maou Castle.<br/>
I already exchanged blows with the Maou once before.<br/>
I successfully weakened the Maou that time.<br/>
The strategy was like this.<br/>
As Lucifina and me faced off the Maou as vanguard and Dionis as support. In the mean time, Luser will conserve his magical power to attack the Maou using his maximum power.<br/>
I’m gonna make desperate efforts and cast all which I cultivated so far to make this strategy succeed.<br/>
While getting over the traps, killing the mazoku and breaking numerous difficulties, we kept marching towards Maou’s Castle.<br/>
The human army that follows us was being restricted in their movements and was unable to get inside, It’s said that only the power of a party will enable us to defeat the Maou.<br/>
Then, by preserving Luser’s magical power, we reached the most inner part of Maou room.<br/>
「From here onward, I cannot let you go through 」”unknown”<br/>
The one that blocked our path, was only a single mazoku.<br/>
It was a girl that floating with golden eyes and long silver hair that was swaying.<br/>
She has a small body, however, it contains unordinary magical power.<br/>
There was nothing that surpassed this powerful magical power if I recall all my past battle.<br/>
At that time the girl began naming herself.<br/>
「Elfisuzaku Giraldo」<br/>
「……Amatsu」<br/>
We just exchanged our words like that.<br/>
Then, the fight began.<br/>
The girl was really strong.<br/>
Even for us who defeated the King Four Devas,we have struggled to our limits.<br/>
Every time magic is used, a wall is broken, and a floor is cracked.<br/>
Lucifina was fighting as vanguard by using a sword while Dionis and Lucer were supporting at the rear.<br/>
At the end of this fierce battle to the death, the little girl was brought down to her knee.<br/>
「It is……. my lost」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
With her entire body shedding blood she threw the sword as she muttered.<br/>
I have to defeat this girl in order to bring the war to an end.<br/>
While facing the girl, I was about to swing the sword and at that time.<br/>
「I wonder why did this happen……….. I only wanted to stop the war」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
The words were not directed to anyone, it was a self-mockery.<br/>
For the words that “I only wanted to stop the war”, slowly my gripping strength slightly loosened.<br/>
「You…….」(Iori)<br/>
This girl who I clashed with for several times is not a demon that enjoyed killing human beings.<br/>
Truly, is it necessary to kill her just because she is a mazoku?<br/>
Such doubt floated in my head as I stopped my movement.<br/>
「Kill it Amatsu!」(Iori party members)<br/>
「Do it fast!!」(Iori party members)<br/>
As I heard my companions screaming voices echoing from behind.<br/>
Kill her or refusing to kill her. As I was in conflict, at the end I decided to throw down my sword.<br/>
「Huh?」(Iori)<br/>
Woosh, a sharp shock ran through my right arm.<br/>
After that shocking sound, I heard like something has fallen to the ground. However, I come to realised it was my own arm after looking at it.<br/>
「Is…….this a joke?」(iori)<br/>
A magic that launched from the rear had cut off my arm.<br/>
Fresh blood gushes out from where the arm was cut off, the attack that was received by me felt like heat created by molten iron.<br/>
The girl in front of me was blank in surprise.<br/>
「Gees, frankly spewing your over-optimism thought」(Luser)<br/>
The one that used the magic to cut off my arm was no other than my own companion, Luser.<br/>
The mage that was able to use different kinds of magic,is the mage who always supported me on this journey since the beginning.<br/>
My reliable companion who stood up to protect this kingdom.<br/>
「Well thanks to that I was able to cut off your arm, right?」(Luser)<br/>
My right arm in which once dwelled the power of a hero, now there’s only the feeling of blood dropping from it.<br/>
As my strength is lost from my body, I fell down on my knee.<br/>
「Why…….」(Iori)<br/>
「Do you still not get it? From now on your part is over. Oh, dear Hero-sama. By only using the arm that is packed with magical power, even I can finish off that Demon King, right?」(Luser)<br/>
「What are you saying…..」(Iori)<br/>
When I extended my left arm in order to join my right arm which was on the ground with healing magic,suddenly a spell ran through my chest.<br/>
「Guh……」(Iori)<br/>
As the sense of vomiting was welling up, then, bright red blood was spewing out of my mouth.<br/>
Then the smell of iron that was produced by me was spreading in the room.<br/>
「Hey Amatsu there’s no hard feelings, okay?」(Dionis)<br/>
After assaulting me, those were the words that Dionis said.<br/>
Although being from another race apart from human, standing up to the tyranny of the Demon King army is a man from Onizoku.<br/>
A reliable companion who can use both magic and sword skills.<br/>
Why did they choose to attack me?<br/>
Have they been brainwashed by the mazoku?<br/>
I cannot understand the situation.<br/>
「Luser, it seems that Amatsu is unable to understand the situation?」(Dionis)<br/>
Me, who is wounded is fall into dumb surprised because of Dionis mockery.<br/>
「Oh, how annoying… as a gift from a fellow companion I will tell you. The Hero Amatsu is being killed in the battle with the Demon King while the remaining three have successfully defeated the Demon King and we will mourn over your death after we return back in triumph to our country as heroes. It is a good scenario, right?」<br/>
Luser which explained to me his plan had an ugly expression on his face that I have never seen from him.<br/>
「Yeah that’s right, as the Demon Queen is weakened your role ends here」(Dionis)<br/>
At the time I was being summoned an enormous magical power dwelled in my right arm.<br/>
The power that can only be used by an existence known as the “Hero”.<br/>
「Even without the power of the Hero, the Maou will be slain after I transfer the magical power to Luser afterwards. Your role ends here. Do you understand now?」(Dionis) #T/N maybe he means transferring magical power from Iori right arm to Luser.<br/>
For the last three years. The companions that I spend time together in my journey were going to kill me while smirking at me.<br/>
「Why is it…..」(Iori)<br/>
As I lost my strength from my body I fell to the ground.<br/>
I saw the figure of Luser and Dionis smirking at me.<br/>
「Don’t worry Amatsu., we will carry on your will and we will slay the Demon Queen for you!」(Luser)<br/>
「Lucifina」(Iori)<br/>
While ignoring the offensive words of Luser, I call for Lucifina.<br/>
The first woman who was kind to me in this world.<br/>
I wanted to believe that Lucifina is the only companion that I can trust.<br/>
「Amatsu-san」(Lucifina)<br/>
Lucifina called me with her usual gentle smile.<br/>
「After this please leave everything to us, Your role is already over」(Lucifina)<br/>
「What…..?」(Iori)<br/>
But those eyes were emotionless as if saying “I do not want to look at Iori”.<br/>
「Please wait……..what is this? We have our promise right…..? After the war ends we will make a world where there is no war, right?」(Iori)<br/>
「Fufufu…」(Lucifina)<br/>
It was something that I couldn’t bear, Lucifina burst into laughter.<br/>
Just like that, I was frozen hard from the shock.<br/>
Is she really Lucifina that I know.<br/>
「A world without war? Aaah……you thought of such a thing seriously, right? You just came from another world, trying to save this world? Don’t you think you’re being absurd?」(Lucifina)<br/>
「What…..?」(Iori)<br/>
What did you say?<br/>
「KUHAHA! It was masterpiece AMATSU, It’s only you who was fighting with such an aim, only YOU!」(Lucifina)<br/>
「It was something that could only be seen in a dream, no?」(Lucifina)<br/>
My companions were smirking at me. Is this really real?<br/>
Even if I’d like to believe that it’s a dream, the pain on my whole body is forcing me to accept it as reality.<br/>
「I already received the necessary magical power. Then Lucifina please clean up the rest over there」(Luser)<br/>
「Farewell Amatsu, have eternal rest and a pleasant dream as much as you like」 (Lucifina)<br/>
By the word of Luser, Lucifina swings her sword that is being enhanced with magic toward me. Still,I’m barely moving my feet.But my heart was already broken.<br/>
「Good bye Hero Amatsu」(Lucifina)<br/>
Afterwards, Lucifina swung down her sword.<br/>
I was slashed with a tremendous magical power as I broke through the wall and then fell outside of the Maou Castle.<br/>
I do not feel the pain anymore.<br/>
However, only the words of betrayal were floating around.<br/>
Just what is the meaning the time that we spend together…<br/>
The eyes those guys were showing while smirking is stuck to my mind.<br/>
「Damn…..it」<br/>
Was it wrong that I thought I’d like to bring the war to an end?<br/>
I wonder if there is anything that went wrong.<br/>
I do not understand it anymore, too.<br/>
The disappointment and intense hatred towards my companions.<br/>
“GUSHARI” sound is being heard that something being destroyed. Then my consciousness turned dark. This is the whole story that occurred during my first summon. I am betrayed by a friend, being made fun of and in the end slain as a Hero.<br/>
◆<br/>
stomp, stomp as the sound of footsteps echoes.<br/>
I open my eyes, I saw that it was the knight who went to report the king.<br/>
The number or people increased to five.<br/>
「You’re being summoned by his Majesty the King」(knight)<br/>
As four knights were on guard, one knight has opened the prison door while holding a bundle of keys.<br/>
With that I was freed, without any restriction tool placed on me, I can run away if I want to do so. But I will not do such a thing. Before conducting such actions, there are lots of things that I don’t understand yet.<br/>
Such as losing my magical power and the arm that should already be cut off. Let’s examine it in various ways before acting.<br/>
There’s nothing to rush.<br/>
I just need to show an obedient attitude, because there will be plenty of opportunities.<br/>
—I’m coming for you Luser.<br/>
As I suppress my lips from smirking. I came out of prison.<br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 