<br/>
Enjoy<br/>
 <br/>
Editor:Oscuras<br/>
Two o’clock in the morning.<br/>
The castle falls into silence as is getting late and the night is here.<br/>
The knight on patrol held a light in his hand while walk around the palace. At night the light is being turned off inside the palace for an economy reason since an immense amount of magical powers was consumed during the Hero summoning. Illuminating the darkness of the palace was only a small light in their hands produced by their own magic.<br/>
「And…..there is no abnormality in the palace ground. Hah, this is really troublesome」(Knight)<br/>
The knight complains after he had a big yawn. Doing patrolling work on a shift is the job disliked by everyone. It is agitating to do patrolling inside of a palace that is wrapped in darkness and above all, the bedtime is shortened.<br/>
Previously, at night the palace has actually been lit using the magic item. That’s why doing patrols were more fun before, but after summoning the Hero there are no lights at night anymore.<br/>
「The summoned Hero can’t even use magic and is really worthless, he’s just average. I’m gonna kill him after the magical power has been accumulated. I wonder if the next Hero will not scream like him after being summoned. Even I can kill that weak brat easily」 (Knight)<br/>
Because the Hero brought him inconvenience, he was expecting the Hero to be at least more useful. While expressing a mutter considering the Hero just a tool, the knight goes ahead through the patrol route.<br/>
He moved forward as he passed exactly in front of the room where the Hero that he held dissatisfaction against was staying.<br/>
Suddenly from behind he heard “KOTSUN” as something fell.<br/>
「Tsu」 (Knight)<br/>
While stretching out a hand on the sword placed at his waist the knight looks back with “BA”. When he tries illuminating with the light on his other hand there was nobody there.<br/>
「…..stone?」 (Knight)<br/>
As he advanced while being cautious suddenly a stone was rolled on the floor. It’s just an ordinary stone that belonged in the palace garden. What was it doing here? The moment when the knight bent his body to pick up the stone.<br/>
「Gahh?」 (Knight)<br/>
Then “KOTSUN” at the back of his head, with a blunt impact he sees fireworks in his mind. As for not losing consciousness, it was thanks to his armour that has magic protection on it. While still withstanding his consciousness that might fly off any moment, the knight pulled his sword quickly and made a swing at his rear.<br/>
「!?」 (Iori)<br/>
The person who stood in the rear was able to dodge it by slipping through it. On the contrary, like a magic trick the sword which he swung down in an instant has been snatched.<br/>
「Wha~」 (Knight)<br/>
At that moment when he opened his mouth trying to call for help, at that instant, the hilt of a sword that was snatched is slammed right into the Knight’s face.In the most painful part of the body then is followed by a hit at the back of the head. Then he saw sparks of fireworks in his mind as his sight was slowly getting dark.<br/>
「Ah」 (Knight)<br/>
In his waning consciousness, the knight murmured as he saw the face of the assailant unintentionally.<br/>
Back then 「even I can kill」 that was what you muttered, the worthless Hero that can’t even use magic.<br/>
Amatsuki Iori was right there.<br/>
His spine went cold as his eye meet a figure of a boy with cold eyes. Then the knight completely lost his consciousness.<br/>
◆<br/>
「Fuu」 (Iori)<br/>
I hide the fainted knight into my room, then release out a small breath.<br/>
「I just made a terrible blunder」 (Iori)<br/>
It was just a low-rank knight but his armour was being applied with protection magic. I still assume that I was good at delivering a blow, but it seems that my strength has really dropped. I was not aware of this because during training we were just using wooden swords.<br/>
「….alright」 (Iori)<br/>
I reflect on my over-optimism and I better change my way of thinking immediately. I was able to gain a sword from the knight on patrol.<br/>
The first stage is clear.<br/>
I take a few swings to cope a feel. Although it’s just a mass production item but the magical power is included, and it’s easy to use to some degree. It should be much useful than my previous wooden sword. Because the armour is more likely to just get in the way I just leave it.<br/>
Already two weeks passed since I came here. All the information from the library has already been memorised by me. I completely grasped the structure of the palace altogether with knight patrol routes and their number. Played the totally helpless dorky as I pretend to be a powerless good-for-nothing Hero, was successfully done as that method greatly makes them lower their awareness towards me.<br/>
By the fact that the weapon was obtained, everything was well prepared<br/>
「Finally」 (Iori)<br/>
Finally, I will face off with Luser.<br/>
During that time I was observing his movement carefully.<br/>
I suppressed myself as I was about to lift my lips when I saw someone coming out from a room.<br/>
It was Luser, on his way to the magic atelier. *magic workshop<br/>
That bastard was there.<br/>
「Just you wait for me Luser」 (Iori)<br/>
◆<br/>
「……tch」 (Luser)<br/>
Luser was in his magic atelier, he clicked his tongue as he felt irritated. The source of the irritation was the summoned Hero, Amatsuki Iori.<br/>
On the first day of the summoning, he was hit till he fainted. The wounds he received from Iori are already healed using healing magic. However, Luser anger is not settled yet.<br/>
Being opposed to an existence that was just meant to be used, It was awfully irritating.<br/>
Starting from that day Luser tried to make a proposal with the King. Amatsuki Iori is dangerous and should be enslaved using “Slavery Magic”.<br/>
The purpose of slavery magic is mainly just to enslave a person. By having the target actions limited and forcing the target to perform an action according to the instructions. Luser is confident that he will be able to enslave the Hero if he was given time to prepare the necessities.<br/>
But, the King rejected his proposal, as the Hero is still under monitoring. Already twenty days have passed but the permission was not being received yet.<br/>
Luser was irritated because of that.<br/>
The main source of irritation is being defeated by a Hero that doesn’t have magical power. Even if the Hero himself is worthless and insignificant he should be used until his end.<br/>
Being hit by the worthless Hero that he summoned by himself. It really affected his very own reputation.<br/>
「Even if he was a good-for-nothing Hero, the “The Proof of Hero” on his arm was the real deal. If I cut off the arm, then I will be able to obtain its massive magical power for myself」 (Luser)<br/>
–like last time with that idiot. T/N time when Amatsu arm got cut off<br/>
Even when he obtained the proof of Hero he can’t take all the Hero massive magical power by himself. By using that, the Hero himself was able to have a rapid growth,that was the evidence. But, if I obtain that massive magical power, even without “That” Hero even I can manage to do something.<br/>
Luser was planning to perfect his method of snatching magical power from the “proof of Hero”. The permission is not granted by the King. However, as long it will bear a result it will be fine.<br/>
By using the power of the Hero, Luser himself will become the Hero. When he imagined about the future he was laughing by himself.<br/>
「……!」(Luser)<br/>
As the atelier door suddenly opened, a boy entered inside. When Luser saw that, he stared in shock unintentionally.<br/>
Amatsuki Iori-dono.<br/>
While thinking about usurping the power of the Hero, the Hero himself was there.<br/>
「…….What are you trying to pull off, Hero-dono, here is magic atelier, it is bad to enter selfishly, if possible, I want you to GET OUT immediately」 (Luser)<br/>
He warned the Hero by sending an intimidating glare. However, instead of being intimidated, Iori himself was laughing to sneer it<br/>
「Hearing you bastard talking with a polite tone, I could not help it but laugh unconsciously」 (Iori)<br/>
「…… What did you say?」 (Luser)<br/>
As Luser veins pop on his forehead only contempt and indescribable words were spurted by him.<br/>
Not only selfishly entering the atelier by himself, but to suddenly display such a mocking attitude. With the position of  “The rubbish Hero that can’t even use magic”, to make a fool of an Imperial Court Magician as himself,it is not acceptable.<br/>
–Is he going to take some proof out from this place?<br/>
The method to snatch power from “proof of power” already succeeded once. In the later research, he was trying to research a more efficient way. The preparations were almost complete, currently, there’s no room for improvement but it is already on the stage of testing.<br/>
The only thing remaining is to take the “proof”. Because the atelier was made from the soundproof material, noise will not leak outside. There is no need to worry about the interruption because he entered here in the middle of the night.<br/>
「I can’t let you get out from this atelier after everything you have heard here 」 (Luser)<br/>
Then he focused his magical power aiming at Iori’s arm from Iori blind spot. The magic he intended to use was a capture magic.<br/>
Although his battle strength has fallen significantly from the time he fought with Amatsu. The current Hero is just a brat and it will be just like taking candy from a baby.<br/>
As Luser was forming a smile on his lips, he licks his lips while saying “I’m gonna make you regret”.<br/>
「As for your plan……」 (Iori)<br/>
Iori quickly bends his waist.<br/>
「Are you trying to kill me using the same method you killed Amatsu?」 (Iori)<br/>
「Wha…!?」 (Luser)<br/>
Just like that, Luser felt a shock similar to being hit by a blunt object. In front of his eyes was a Hero that knew something that should not be known by others. His magic activation was delayed by the truth that should be a secret to anyone but the Hero.<br/>
After that, Iori made his move quickly. As he kicked the floor then jumped halfway and started running. With the speed comparable to a beast, Luser thoughts were returning to him.<br/>
「Kuh…!?」(Luser)<br/>
Iori moved at a terrifying speed, Luser released his magic in a state of panic. By using the thunder magic which seals movement and causes paralysis to target. Thunder approaches Iori while bursting with “PACHI PACHI”.<br/>
But.<br/>
「Wha!?」 (Luser)<br/>
Iori avoided it using a sliding movement as the thunder aim was slightly missed caused by the commotion.<br/>
—In an instant, without wasting any movement Iori moved toward Luser.<br/>
Like a veteran Warrior, a movement that was not giving any openings to Luser.<br/>
As the idea of capturing was completely lost from his head, he resorted to magic specialised for killing and wounding.<br/>
「Ahh!?」 (Luser)<br/>
When Iori arm moved slightly, blood gushed out from Luser’s arm which was going attack using magic. Before he knew it, Iori arms were holding a knight sword.<br/>
「Arghhhhhhh!?」(Luser)<br/>
Consequently, even the opposite shoulder was being pierced by the blade. Even with the protection given by the robe, it can’t completely nullify the damage given.The blade gouged out flesh from his shoulder.<br/>
Even if he screams, the scream doesn’t leak from the atelier as it was made from the soundproof material.<br/>
As the sword was being pulled out, Iori thrust it again towards Luser neck.<br/>
「Your weakness of sloppy aim when confused, it seems to not be cured yet, huh」 (Iori)<br/>
「Wh…who the hell are you」 (Luser)<br/>
「Do you still not understand yet?」 (Iori)<br/>
It was a freezing cold voice. With the kind of look that penetrated one’s soul, Luser feels like a Deja vu.<br/>
「Im……posible」 (Luser)<br/>
「Thats right」 (Iori)<br/>
With the expression which had the trace of his former companion, Iori said.<br/>
「Luser it’s me, Amatsu」 (Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
T/N and another cliffhanger ending<br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 