<br/>
Hi guys, this was the edited version.<br/>
 <br/>
Enjoy.<br/>
 <br/>
Editor:Oscuras<br/>
 <br/>
There are five labyrinths that exist, known as「The Five Labyrinth Commander」<br/>
A base created by the Maou for his forces.<br/>
And it’s being protected by a powerful mazoku known as 「Mashou」, even with the military power of one whole country it is still difficult to conquer it. TL  魔将 or「Mashou」can be translate as Demon Lord in English. maybe I will stick with Demon Lord afterwards.<br/>
 <br/>
There’s one of the five commanders that inhabits in this 「Labyrinth of Hades」. There’s a lot of Mazoku that have power mainly from the earth element spawning here. The demon or Mazoku which called 「Earth Demon Lord」 was protecting the labyrinth core. TL 「Domashou」sound better than「Earth Demon Lord」,right?<br/>
 <br/>
In the past, there should be fifteen level altogether. The ground has a fragile characteristic and is followed by the vertical hole toward to the bottom. One must pay attention during a battle, because the floor will collapse when a strong impact is given.<br/>
For the time being, I wasn’t sure if there are fifteen floors. Yet, I will still descend till I reach the bottom level. By using the magic stone, I’ve invoked the physical reinforcement magic.Simultaneously invoking the concealment magic to hide my presence.<br/>
「GURUAAA!!」<br/>
But, there’s a demon aware of me because among them there are the ones with sharp instincts.<br/>
「Maddoga」 is an ogre created from the mud, “DOKADOKA” it’s approaching towards my directions.<br/>
「Fuu」 (Iori)<br/>
『GAGYAAA!?』<br/>
I dodge the arm that looks like a log, then I chop its head off with the treasure sword making it drop to the ground. As expected of this sharpness, the mud ogre was crumbling to the ground just from one slash.<br/>
「By this, I probably can defeat it just by using physical reinforcement and sword arts」(Iori)<br/>
Generally, I already understand the movement patterns of the demons that I fought once. I was able to advance considerably and it was thanks to 『Magic Ring of Strength』 and magic stones that enable me to fight efficiently. I walk in the labyrinth while checking my current ability.<br/>
Even with the help of the magic stones, I still cannot use high power magic freely. In any case, it’s fine for the lower class demon and for the standard high-rank demon I can use it just for distraction. For the present, I decide to fight using the sword as my main and magic for support.<br/>
As for those demons which aren’t aware of my presence, I just ignored them. And for those demons that noticed, I defeated them immediately.<br/>
Because of the internal structure and the frame that has changed, it was hard to find the staircase that leads to the lower level. I’ve been able to advance considerably because there haven’t been any big battles that occurred.<br/>
「――――」(Iori)<br/>
『GAAAA!!』<br/>
『VUOOOOO!!』<br/>
At the moment I thought so. When I descend to the eighth floor, I’ve encountered an unexpected number of demons. It’s a monster house, numbers which I don’t want to mess with. The area surrounding the staircase was hardened. The mud ogre, skeleton and even the earth lizard, a countless number of demons going to attacks me simultaneously.<br/>
「Tsk」 (Iori)<br/>
I dodge and cut off the attack. None of them was strong enough. Even the present me can handle it sufficiently. Only their number is what makes them really troublesome.<br/>
「…….that’s really annoying」(Iori)<br/>
As I fight them using one hand, my other one is reaching for the porch.<br/>
Suddenly, the demon that’s right in front of me was blown off and the wall collapsed as they crash into it.<br/>
『Aaah….,its been a while since I meet a human』(Unknown)<br/>
What has appeared was an especially really big mud ogre. While swinging its plump body and put off a vulgar smile it’s approaching me.<br/>
『Hihihi. Although a young woman was a lot better, a man is fine too. I’m gonna mess you up』<br/>
「A rare species?」(Iori)<br/>
Mostly the demons can’t speak because they had low intelligence. But the rare one has a high intelligence that enables them to speak. Such a rare species is stronger than the ordinary demon.<br/>
『All of you small fries are getting in my way!』<br/>
With a laugh, the mud ogre flings a fist onto its surrounding demons. Even though they were the same kind of mud ogre, they were killed like minced beef.<br/>
「Oi. Aren’t those fellows, your friends?」(Iori)<br/>
『Huh? With this worthless trash, I can do whatever I want with them 』<br/>
「Is that so」 (Iori)<br/>
Demons were such beings originally. Except for a part, murdering its own kin only to satisfy its own desire that does not change even if they have intelligence.<br/>
Oh, that’s it.<br/>
So it’s no difference between humans and Mazoku.<br/>
Now, I understand.<br/>
「It’s a bit unpleasant」(Iori)<br/>
The Maddonga starts to attack me. If it’s an ordinary human being, just with a single blow they will become a lump of meat instantly. I parried those strikes using the treasure sword.<br/>
I used the “Soft-sword” technique during the fight. I acquire it during my heroic past. It was a sword technique that’s using the soft control to gently suppress the opponent.<br/>
『Wha!?』<br/>
Maddonga who had absolute confidence in his own physical strength was in surprise. The moment he hardened by surprise. Maddonga torso was being mowed down by the treasure sword.<br/>
『Hi, Giaaaa!』(Maddonga)<br/>
Then Maddonga collapsed into the ground while raising his screams of death. He died with his upper and the lower body separated.<br/>
『Giii!?』<br/>
Because the rare species was killed, the nearby demons are running in fear. I use that opportunity to leave the place.<br/>
◆<br/>
Then after several hours.<br/>
I descend the stairs and reach the eleventh floor.<br/>
However, the number of demons that are chasing me from my rear keep increasing. Just like a night, the hundreds of demons are following from behind in succession.<br/>
By considering the mobility first I dressed lightly but it’s made from excellent materials because I was still seriously considering the defence, I used the armour that doesn’t catch any attentions.<br/>
『ーSHAAAA』(Unknown demon)<br/>
An enormous demon revealed itself as it’s blocking my way. It is a demon which its body has a lower part of the spider and the upper part of the golem and also known as the Tsuchigumo/Earth spider. It’s a demon that has the highest threat level, in this「Labyrinth of Hades」<br/>
『Giiii!!』 (Tsuchigumo)<br/>
A white ball was spat out from its inside, the moment the Tsuchigumo opened its mouth. The Tsuchigumo can produce a cobweb with a strong adhesive power. It landed on the ground continuously, then jumped up and down and was blocking up the passage.<br/>
「……looks like I got no choice, huh」(Iori)<br/>
I take out multiples of magic stones at the same time from the porch. While evading the attack of the Tsuchigumo, I drove the magic in the magic stone which I grasped into the state of running out of control.<br/>
「ー”Magic Break”」(Iori)<br/>
I threw the magic stone which running out of control to the demons that approached from my rear. The magic stone emits dazzling light and a roaring sound was made then immediately after that it exploded.<br/>
The demon swallowed up by the explosion was blown off. But I cannot defeat all the demons that keep appearing with only this. The other demons keep rush towards me as they step on their dead comrade corpses.<br/>
『GURUOOO!?』<br/>
As “ZUDON” sound resonate, the ground gained its momentum and crumbled down. The demons that are involved in the collapse are falling to the bottom one after another.<br/>
「Yotto!!」(Iori)<br/>
In order to escape from the Tsuchigumo which is approaching from my rear, I jumped into the hole vigorously.<br/>
In addition to improving my physical ability I used the magic stone, then I jumped and mounted onto the top of a demon and the rock.<br/>
「【Cyclone】」(Iori)<br/>
As I get closer to the next level ground surface, I’ve created a【Cyclone】by using the magic stone. Somehow I landed on the ground with the reduced drop impact.<br/>
「Looks like I acted a bit reckless……」(Iori)<br/>
The wreckage of the upper level fell onto the demons during the fall. Among those is the Tsuchigumo that was chasing me from before.<br/>
By this, I was able to reset my situation of being chased by a lot of demons. It was too dynamic, but the shortcut was a success.<br/>
「If I wasn’t alone, I would never use this method」(Iori)<br/>
This is the twelfth floor. The number of floors may be changed, but if it still the same with the past there should be three floors remaining. Nearing the labyrinth core, the Earth Demon Lord will be defending it.<br/>
If it’s the demon of this labyrinth, I can do something if I’m surrounded. It’ll be possible to catch Earth Demon Lord off guard and snatch the labyrinth core away. If I use a lot of magic stones and magical power grant items.<br/>
「Hmm……that’s」(Iori)<br/>
Near the vicinity of the dead Tsuchigumo, a white globe like the softball rolled. That reminds me, Tsuchigumo 『Cocoon ball』 contains very high viscosity liquid and I should take it. The handling is difficult, but it may be useful for something, so I put it inside the pouch.<br/>
「Yosh……」(Iori)<br/>
After verifying the quantity of the remaining magic stones, I’ve started walking facing toward the next floor. As I advanced, the miasma which drifts became denser. The miasma in the air shines brilliantly,it creates a certain kind fantasy-like scenes. But I cannot afford to admire it.<br/>
「――……」(Iori)<br/>
Miasma is a gas that helps to spawn the demons, it was something functioning similarly to oxygen. In the lower levels where the miasma is getting denser, a stronger demon is more active. Down the stairs, I found that there’s a lot of demonsーas being said I stay alert more than before and advance ahead carefully.<br/>
I think that it was good to learn other skills without depending only on the power of the Hero at such moments. Fencing and methods about how to walks in labyrinths are very useful here.<br/>
…… I felt really depressed when I remember the guy who taught me.<br/>
I let the Tsuchigumo pass by me while they were making the floor lightly tremble, then I advanced toward where the miasma is denser.<br/>
Finally, I reach the thirteenth floor after a quite while.<br/>
「Right after this,huh」 (Iori)<br/>
In the lower layer of the labyrinth, other than the labyrinth core, the metastasis formation which leads to the outside is established. It’s a one-way to go outside, but when using this, it would be possible to escape from the labyrinth.<br/>
At first, I confirm the labyrinth core and the location of the metastasis formation. After that, while passing by the Earth Demon Lord, I seize the labyrinth core. Immediately I move towards the metastasis formation and leave the labyrinth.<br/>
And, this should be the best strategy.<br/>
When I came here before, the huge golem that named itself as Earth Demon Lord was the one that was protecting the labyrinth core. It was considerably strong but it movement were sluggish and it intelligence was just meagre.<br/>
Last time I fought against the Earth Demon Lord directly from the front, but this time when I manage to obtain the labyrinth core, I just need run away immediately.<br/>
Because there are many uncertain elements, I want to use the labyrinth core after I escape if possible, In the worst case, it’s unavoidable that I may use it sooner to regain my former power.<br/>
I simulate the situations and work out a strategy of multiple patterns. I need to think a few steps ahead.<br/>
「――――」(Iori)<br/>
*GURARI* and the ground shook. But that was not the case. The vibration goes to the whole labyrinth.<br/>
「Thisー」(Iori)<br/>
SUU, the air which has drifted in the labyrinth has drastically changed. The painful roar of demons echoes from all around. I have experienced this phenomenon for five times.<br/>
「The labyrinth core has been taken」(Iori)<br/>
With such timing. Someone is already ahead of me.<br/>
From the lower layer, an explosion sounds in succession. Perhaps somebody fights against Earth Demon Lord. Both of them are fighting and the explosion is gradually approaching towards me.<br/>
「What I’m gonna do……」(Iori)<br/>
In order to recover my power, the labyrinth core is something that was indispensable to me. I don’t know who it is, but I cannot let you take it.<br/>
However, it will become troublesome if I fight against the Earth Demon Lord.<br/>
「――――」(Iori)<br/>
ZOKURI, as chills run through my spine like it will tear out from my back. That moment, at the spot where I stood till suddenly its being pierced by a huge rock.<br/>
「Wha!?」(Iori)<br/>
At the same time, the crack keeps spreading around the spike. It is quickly spreading, just after that, the ground collapsed.<br/>
「Damn it!」(Iori)<br/>
Then I use a similar magic, the one that I cast before. I reduce the shock of the fall and land to the lower stratum.<br/>
In front of my eye, the mountain of rock which is big to the extent of making me look up is towered.<br/>
『……Somehow, It seem that an insect just get mixed in』(Unknown)<br/>
A voice sounding from the abyss echoes in the labyrinth.<br/>
Soon after having heard it, I realised it. The thing that was in front of me was not just a mountain of rock.<br/>
「……A Cave Dragon」(Iori)<br/>
Two enormous eyeballs with a size about of a human head and a nose that gouged out.<br/>
*ZURARI* It’s a gigantic mouth with a pile of sharp fangs that just look like a row of stakes. The dragon that has his whole body covered by rocks was considerably big, that made me mistake it for a mountain of rock.<br/>
The overpowering pressure cannot be compared with the Golem which was the former Earth Demon Lord that I’ve fought once. It is indeed a troublesome fellow if I fight it directly from the front.<br/>
『The troublesome matters just keep appearing, huh』(Iori)<br/>
It’s impossible for me to escape ahead, as it stands blocking my pathway. Fortunately, some passages are opened, when I turn my sight at my rear. It was the moment when I thought I want to flee for now.<br/>
「Hey, human over there, assist me!」<br/>
A girl’s voice sounded from the rear side of the dragon. There is a wall in the direction where I heard the voice. The owner of the voice seems to be in a state of being cornered behind the wall somehow.<br/>
『Tsk, such a cunning one!』<br/>
Suddenly, the body of the dragon erupted intensely, the dragon is irritated and swaying it’s body simultaneously. The girl on the other side is attacking it using magic. Probably, it was her who stole the labyrinth core.<br/>
「To die while trying to obtain the labyrinth core would be a problem…..」(Iori)<br/>
I decided immediately and take out a magic stone.<br/>
「Look here, DRAGON!!」(Iori)<br/>
『!?』<br/>
I use the magic stone that I gripped to invoke my magic. The one that I use is the Thunder Magic. Thunder is developed into a cobweb form as if covering the face of the dragon.<br/>
『GU……!』<br/>
The bright golden thunder that shines inflicted temporary blindness, but there’s no great power inflicted by it. Covered in cobwebs, for an instant, the Dragon movements have slowed.<br/>
「Complete!」<br/>
Instantly, the owner of the voice passed through the opening of the dragon and the wall at high speed, ran to this side. As we pass by each other she grabs my hand forcibly.<br/>
「Follow me!」<br/>
「He,hey!」(Iori)<br/>
The girl just ignored me and started running. I follow the girl and ran alongside her, I was unable to resist her strength as I cannot imagine it came from such a delicate body.<br/>
『I won’t let escape, YOU TRAITOR!!』<br/>
The roaring of the dragon echoes from my rear. It’s huge body swaying, even a Tsuchigumo can be smashed by just swung that huge arm.<br/>
「Guー」(Iori)<br/>
It seems like running away from blast shock, as the ground broke in pieces and was scattered around.<br/>
As the crack spreads, at that moment my foothold started to collapse.<br/>
「nu……」<br/>
「Ugh…….」(Iori)<br/>
Because there’s a girl holding my hand, my reaction slowed down for a moment. When I felt like I was floating, then I realised that I was falling with my head first.<br/>
「DAMN!」(Iori)<br/>
The ground approaches rapidly and when I was about to collide with my head first, right before that.<br/>
「Yotsu」<br/>
My body was wrapped in something soft. Then I just watched the girl who dropped together with me, catching me. While in that state, the person that was embracing me landed onto the ground easily.<br/>
Without magic, is this fellow really a human being…… ?<br/>
「Fumu. To think that our positions are reversed like this」<br/>
As I was astonished by the words of the girl, I looked up on the watch for our chaser. I cannot confirm the figure of the dragon from the hole in which we fell.<br/>
「That huge thing, won’t chase us till here」<br/>
The girl muttered as she looking upward while still embracing me. And do you have any basis for that statement?<br/>
There are also no signs the dragon is chasing us and there’s no demon nearby either. For the time being, danger seems to have passed.<br/>
「Nevertheless you got such slender body. Do you eat properly?」<br/>
And while the girl lifting up my body “HYOI”, she said such thing to me.<br/>
She is an extremely carefree woman.<br/>
First of all, how long are you going to hold me?<br/>
「……Put me down」(Iori)<br/>
「Oh, that’s right」<br/>
She nodded as she finally remembered, the girl puts me down to the ground.<br/>
「……..Thanks, for saving me」(Iori)<br/>
「No need to thank me. It was me that was helped by you. Because you fell at the right time it enabled me to break away. Allow me to express my thanks to you」<br/>
While folding her arms and looking at me from above she spoke with such an exaggerated manner towards me<br/>
Who on earth is this arrogant fellow, While questioning it in my heart, for the first time I was able to see the figure of the girl well.<br/>
And I was frozen hard.<br/>
「Y-you……」(Iori)<br/>
The silver hair which rustles to her waist and golden eyes which let you feel some dignity from it. Moreover, her bare skin that can be seen from the torn clothes, something like black crest was floating around her. Her figure is near that of a human being, but the magical power that vibes from her was one of those Mazoku.<br/>
I was able to guess from that physical ability of her, as expected this girl isn’t a human being.<br/>
「Hmm?」<br/>
Before me, the girl who looks puzzled tilting her head was someone that I knew.<br/>
ーElfisuzaku Giraldo.<br/>
She was there, the Mazoku that I have fought thirty years ago.<br/>
 <br/>
Heroine「Sorry to have kept you waiting」<br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 