<br/>
Editor:Oscuras<br/>
Proofreader:storytete <br/>
Elfisuzaku Giraldo.<br/>
I don’t know what her standpoint among the Maou forces is, but she is a Mazoku that has power exceeding the King Four Devas.<br/>
As an opponent that I fought against before being betrayed by my companions, It still remains in my memory.<br/>
Her figures hasn’t changed, maybe its caused by the slow aging of the Mazoku.<br/>
I never thought, that she survived from those events.<br/>
「    ー Fumu   」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Elfisuzaku was looking at me with a serious expression on her face.<br/>
It was the same when I fought her, there was a similar overpowering impression that can make an opponent tremble.<br/>
I who raised my precaution to those golden eyes of her that seemed like that she can see through me.<br/>
「 By any means are you  ー 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「――――」( Iori)<br/>
As for Elfisuzaku which opened her mouth, I take a stance unintentionally.<br/>
Impossible, did she knew who I was?<br/>
Then Elfisuzaku said with a serious expression.<br/>
「 Having stared that much at me, have you fallen in love with me on the first sight?  (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「……WHAT? 」(Iori)<br/>
For such unexpected words, I’ve countered it unintentionally.<br/>
What did she just said?<br/>
「 It’s because from the old days ,there were a lot of men fascinated by my figure. So are you fascinated by it too, right? 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「 NO WAY  」( Iori)<br/>
Unintentionally, I answered immediately.<br/>
Just what did this fellow said. I felt disappointed instinctively as her real character was not like I thought.<br/>
「……Mu, is that so 」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Whats with the “such a boring guy” face.<br/>
I became really uneasy whether it was the same Mazoku that I fought thirty years ago.<br/>
「……Who you really are? 」( Iori)<br/>
I ended the strange air and brought up the subject.<br/>
I already knew who she really is. But I don’t understand why did she fight against Earth Demon Lord.<br/>
Elfisuzaku is a Mazoku and belongs to the Maou forces. It is strange for her to fight against Earth Demon Lord which belongs to the same Maou forces.<br/>
「 Probably I think that you have already noticed, that’s I’m a Mazoku. My name is Elfisuzaku Giraldo 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
The name I heard is no different from the one that I heard back then. But her character was different from the one that I imagined. Probably this was her true nature after all.<br/>
「……If you were Mazoku, why are you being chased by the Earth Demon Lord? 」( Iori)<br/>
「 I was someone that got exiled by the Maou forces, and you may say they are hostile towards me now, that rude dragon arbitrarily attacked me  as soon as he saw my figure 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Being exiled and hostile by the Maou forces, huh.<br/>
Being targeted by the Earth Demon Lord itself, it appears that she doesn’t lie, right?<br/>
Moreover, during the escape, having her being called  『  Traitor   』 by that Dragon proves it.<br/>
But I do not intend to just accept it.<br/>
「  The result is me being chased to the dead end and thanks to you who just fell there, I was able to run away somehow  」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
If it was the former Elfisuzaku for such a dragon being her opponent she should be able to defeat it easily, apparently she seems to be weakened.<br/>
As for the foothold to collapse, is it because the aftermath of their battle?<br/>
I did not know what kind of circumstances there were, but it becomes troublesome.<br/>
「  Then……who are you? 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Elfisuzaku asked me without showing any hostility. For now, I don’t have any intend to fight against her. While standing to be able to fight immediately, I decided to answer her question for the time being.<br/>
「……It’s Iori. I came here because I’ve some bussines in this labyrinth 」( Iori)<br/>
「 Hou. You don’t look like someone from the kingdom.You are probably an adventurer,right?」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「  Yeah, something like that 」( Iori)<br/>
Elfisuzaku shows that she understands by noding with “I see, I see”.<br/>
「 As for the labyrinth is stopping its movement, is it your doing? 」( Iori)<br/>
「  Ahh. I was running away from that dragon after I took it  」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Elfisuzaku took a sphere with the size which fits into a palm out from her bosom. It slightly emits light strangely of the rainbow color. Its no mistake, that is a Labyrinth Core.<br/>
「 What is it?  Do you have any business with the Labyrinth Core? 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Did she noticed my gaze towards the labyrinth core, Elfisuzaku asked while she showed the sphere to me. I must do something to obtain that labyrinth core from this Mazoku one way or another.<br/>
Do I need to answer it honestly or not?<br/>
「  Then, I’ll give it to you  」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Elfisuzaku said so in a light tone to me who was worrying.<br/>
「……is it fine? 」( Iori)<br/>
「 Yeah. Its okay for you to have it, because it was an unnecessary thing for me. I really appreciate it if you would take it 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Is that true?<br/>
I felt relief as Elfisuzaku handed the labyrinth core to me.<br/>
Receiving the labyrinth core, I felt a wave motion from the enormous magical power trasmitted by it.<br/>
「……I understand.  Thank you 」( Iori)<br/>
「  Fufun~ 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
For the time being, I put away the labyrinth core into my porch.<br/>
To the extent where I felt surprised because I already achieved my objective.<br/>
「  Thus, as you said Iori. Do you need to do something else in this labyrinth? 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「  Well, my pupose was only the labyrinth core, afterwards I just need to escape from here 」( Iori)<br/>
Actually there’s another one, but let’s just put it down for now. If I can regain power using the labyrinth core, generally things can be done now. If it can happen, the revenge will also proceed easily.<br/>
「  That’s convenient. Then, Iori cooperate with me 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「…… cooperate? 」( Iori)<br/>
By a sudden proposition, I’ve countered her unconsciously.<br/>
「  You may call it a joint struggle 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
According to her story, it seems the metastasis formation which leads to the outside was on the 14th floor.<br/>
Right now both of us were on the lowest level, the 15th floor.<br/>
After Elfisuzaku took this labyrinth core on the 15th floor, we went to the 14th floor to metastasize. As for fighting with that dragon at the 14th floor, it seems necessary just in order to escape.<br/>
「 Probably that dragon will be waiting for me in front of metastasis formation 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「……As for not chasing till here, the reason is because it thought that you will come to metastasis formation? 」( Iori)<br/>
Judging from being able to speak, the intelligence of that dragon is high. Even if its waiting to ambush, it wouldn’t be strange.<br/>
I think about a future action while examining the words of Elfisuzaku closely. That dragon seemed to aim at Elfisuzaku. I only got caught in it. Then, I should able to escape from it unlike Elfisuzaku.<br/>
「 If we just need to go out, that means we can also climb up to an upper floor and escape using the entrance of the labyrinth 」( Iori)<br/>
「 It is not realistic, that dragon, by using magic it can travel the ground freely. It will catch up with us even if we run away to the upper floors before escaping 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
With that, Elfisuzaku continued her words.<br/>
「 Judging from its behavior, that rude fellow has a considerably persistent character. Not to mention me, you who were present at that place will not able to escape either. Even if we act seperately, After killing one of us it will definitely chase the other one as well 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
From her words it seems like she saw through my thought. However, I did not tell her a lie. If its the cave dragon which has such a gigantic figure certainly, just escaping by foot, there is a possibility it will chase me and cache me up as I become tired.<br/>
「 Because you are able to go to the lower stratum of the labyrinth alone, you’re able to go against it, right? If we cooperate, the possibility that you can escape becomes higher」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Saying so Elfisuzaku held out her hand. Her eye saying that she wants to form an alliance with me.<br/>
「…… As for me, that strong attack is not usable so I can’t land any damage to that dragon 」( Iori)<br/>
I already completely grasped my own ability before I came here.<br/>
The current me doesn’t reach my golden day. The peculiar magic which could be used formerly. I’m only able to exert a few percents from its former performance even by using the magic stones and the magical items.<br/>
「 No problem. My magic can inflict damage to that dragon. Iori only needs to buy some time for me 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Elfisuzaku says everything will be alright while shaking her head.<br/>
Definitely not a bad idea. However, it was too convenient.<br/>
「……You just met me, to propose cooperation to me, a human, huh 」(Iori)<br/>
For her, I was a stranger that she just meet. Furthermore, Mazoku and humans are hostile at each other. But no precaution is being shown by her. No matter how you look at it, it was something that is too doubtful.<br/>
What are you scheming for?<br/>
If she becomes an obstacle for my escape, should I just dispose of her right here?<br/>
I who was in thought was staring right in front of me intensely, as Elfisuzaku was saying this.<br/>
「 You, because you helped me. Neither being a human nor a Mazoku matters, right? 」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「――――  」( Iori)<br/>
With an expression which seems to want to say that, it was natural.<br/>
「 Right? 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Neither being a human nor a Mazoku matters?<br/>
What is this fellow talking about? It was incomprehensible.<br/>
「 In addition, I’m confident with my eyes. You are a human who is worth enough for me to cooperate with 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
As usual, the self-important Elfisuzaku says this to me. You gain nothing, even if you try to flatter me. With a sincere expression, she said so.<br/>
At least, it was visible.<br/>
「―――― 」( Iori)<br/>
Will I accept her propose, or refuses it?<br/>
Thinking for a while, and then concluded.<br/>
「……I understand. Let’s cooperate until we leave this labyrinth 」( Iori)<br/>
「 Umu, it is a wise decision  」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Elfisuzaku happily smiled broadly and nodded in an arrogant manner.<br/>
「…………」( Iori)<br/>
As if I can blindly trust her. On the other hand, the words she says now make me even more unable to trust her.<br/>
My former companion, Lucifina also said such similar things to me. Both Mazoku and humans are the same. With that mouth of hers, she said 「 Do you believe a such thing?  」 to me while laughing at me.<br/>
Then it will be fine if I plot something.There is a high probability she might betray me. If so,  I should just betray her first.<br/>
I will not be deceived anymore. I will not repeat my mistake for the second time. In order to get out alive from here, I’ll use anything with all my might.<br/>
◆<br/>
「  Elfisuzaku. Can you really use magic powerful enough to defeat that dragon?  」( Iori)<br/>
After plotting how to escape from here, we walked towards the metastasis formation on the upper floor.<br/>
「  Fun~, Who do you think I am?  」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「 Because I don’t know, that’s why I’m asking you  」( Iori)<br/>
「  Mu……」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Well, I know your capability very well.<br/>
Even if she doesn’t seem to be King Four Devas, after all this fellow was belonging to the Maou forces.<br/>
「 Be at ease. Although the current me cannot utilise my full potential, I have sufficient magical power to slaughter that dragon 」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Cannot utilise her full potential, huh. Well, if she had her full potential from that time, then defeating that dragon will be easy.<br/>
「  Thus by pairing with me now. By doing that you will be able to escape from this labyrinth. Certainly,  This will be an easy ride  」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「……Yeah. I put my expections on it 」(Iori)<br/>
That’s just a lip service, did she expect me to blindly trust her? The matter that she will betray me, of course I take that into consideration as well. That dragon seemed to target Elfisuzaku and I’ll use that advantage properly.<br/>
Even if there’s a mutual cooperation relationship, it’s no reason that we will become companions as well. It’s just for a mutual gain only. As for the Mazoku who is in human enemy, no matter how hard she shows friendly behavior towards me, I can’t come to trust her.<br/>
……Even the companions who I travelled with for many years were able to betray me easily.<br/>
This fellow, I’ll always be prepared in case this fellow changes her mind. So that I will not be taken by surprise. On the contrary, if she shows doubtful behavior I’ll just chop off her head with one strike.<br/>
「  What’s wrong? It feels like you are desperately watching my every action  」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「 No……its nothing  」( Iori)<br/>
I try to act a fool, but it seems like her intuition is sharp. Even if she seems to be weakened,I cannot be careless around her.<br/>
「  Fumu……As I expected you really have fallen in love at first sight with me  」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「 No, I didn’t 」( Iori)<br/>
「 Mu…… is that so? 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Carelessness, it is not acceptable.<br/>
While doing such exchanges, we ascended the stairs. Reaching the 14th floor, then we walked towards the metastasis formation.<br/>
「 It’s close. Brace yourself 」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「……Yeah  」(Iori)<br/>
There is no demon figure around, its influenced by the miasma which became thin. The weak demon perishes and strong ones will be looking for miasma and be aiming for the outside of the labyrinth. I’m thankful, because the only opponet left is the Earth Demon Lord.<br/>
I am guided by her, at the end of our advance was a circular large room. Similar to the small room from before, the wall is made to be able to move. In the depths of the room, the pathway is different from the others and is made of sturdy material.<br/>
Probably there will be the metastasis formation at the end of this pathway.<br/>
We stepped inside into the room. There is no sign of anything inside. However, I know it.<br/>
「 You were here right? Don’t hide and show yourself 」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
『  ー  Hou      』<br/>
When I think whether a voice echoed in the room, the enormous arm from the center of the room that is covered in rock extended. With “ZUBUZUBU”, as if made from water the ground surface makes ripples, the Earth Demon Lord appears. The huge dragon which is easily overshadowing the Tsuchigumo was soaring right in front of me. T/N Tsuchigumo/Earth Spider<br/>
『 It seems that you made up your mind to be killed by me, no?  』<br/>
I grasp the magic stone and draw the treasure sword. The Earth Demon Lord whole body was covered by a hard rock, Even if I use “Demon Break” probably no damage will be given.<br/>
「  Fool. You bastard are the one that will be defeated by us  」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Elfisuzaku provokes the Earth Demon Lord with her fearless smile. The Dragon didn’t seem very pleased and snorted his nose. The Earth Demon Lord turns his gaze towards me.<br/>
『  Hey, you dwarf human. I’ll make you pay for obstructing me earlier, too  』<br/>
As Elfisuzaku said, he seems to be aiming for me as well. That has been predicted as well.<br/>
「  Bring it on! Earth Demon Lord. Elfisuzaku stand back. I can defeat this fellow just by myself  」( Iori)<br/>
『……WHAT DID YOU SAY ?  』<br/>
I’ve heard about the personality of this dragon from Elfisuzaku beforehand. From its behavior from a while ago, I found out that he was really confident in his own power.<br/>
Because of the provocation.<br/>
「  You still don’t get it? For an idiot who allowed the labyrinth core to be stolen, I told you that I’m enough to defeat you 」 (Iori)<br/>
『  ー  tsu!!  』<br/>
This provocation seems to have succeeded. The Earth Demon Lord shakes his big body in anger.<br/>
「  Hey, Iori. Everything as according to the plan  」( Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「……Yeah 」 (Iori)<br/>
As being asked, Elfisuzaku withdraws to the rear. I do not know if it works according to strategy, let’s just work according to the prior strategy for the time being. In other words, I must fight alone against the Earth Demon Lord.<br/>
『  Fine……』<br/>
The Earth Demon Lord scowl and glares towards me<br/>
『  My name is Bargildo not “Earth Demon Lord”! Human I will crush you right NOW!!  』<br/>
The roar of the Earth Demon Lord echoes.<br/>
Ahh, that’s right.<br/>
Now that I already obtained the labyrinth core, then I got no business here anymore. So disappear immediately, Earth Demon Lord.<br/>
Thus, the battle with the Earth Demon Lord began.<br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 