<br/><br/>
        <br/><br/>
Install Mobile app With Offline Browsing<br/><br/>
Sairin Yuusha no Fukushuu Hanashi 76 – Teaser 2<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
5-1  Midnight Visitor – Part 2<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
Marx sat back on a huge chair and put out the magic incense that was used to intoxicate werewolves.“…Do you think you can just do whatever you please?”No one else was supposed to be in that room, and yet the hoarse voice of a man echoed through it.“…! Who is it? Where are you?”Marx got up from his chair and looked around, but was unable to find the source of the voice.<br/><br/>
The voice let out a low chuckle as Marx redoubled his vigilance.“…Show yourself if you don’t want to get yourself killed.”Marx was employing powerful coercion towards the unknown figure that was there with him.<br/><br/>
He was giving off the pressure of not a refined knight, but of a brute beast about to jump on its prey.<br/><br/>
In response to that, the owner of the voice makes their appearance.“…!”Only the moonlight that shines through the window illuminates Marx’s private room.<br/><br/>
There is no lighting in the room itself, and some parts of it are still engulfed in darkness.<br/><br/>
A man appears from one of those corners as if the darkness itself had taken shape.<br/><br/>
“Ooh, how scary.”Flat red hair and dull-looking red eyes.<br/><br/>
It was a man in his fifties with an unpleasant smile that reminded him of a wolf.<br/><br/>
Marx was familiar with that face and that body, covered with a jet-black robe.“Luser Gilburn… huh?”He’s a royal sorcerer that defeated the ‘Earth Demon Lord’ and conquered the Labyrinth of Hades nearly 2 months ago.<br/><br/>
That man, feared and known as one of the ‘Great Wizards’ by many, was standing before Marx.“…How did you get in here?”“Just like anyone else would. Quietly and trying not to get in anyone’s way.”Marx’s subordinates defended this building, which is also rigged by countless traps.<br/><br/>
The fact that Luser said that he got in ‘Just like anyone else would’ made Marx even more cautious of him.“Hey, don’t be making such a scary face. We’re friends, aren’t we? We killed Amatsu, we’re on the same side.”“…Did you come all the way here just to say that?”“Oh no. Don’t tell me you don’t know anything about the celebration of the 30th anniversary of Amatsu’s assassination.”Luser’s playful attitude only sharpened Marx’s glint in the eye.<br/><br/>
Thirty years ago, Marx too was revered as one of the ‘Great Wizards’, but nowadays he’s the commander of the Knights Templar.<br/><br/>
Marx tried releasing some of his ‘Power’ just to help Luser remember about that fact.“Don’t make fun of me, Luser. Things are different now to when I was a luggage boy in the 4th corps…”“…That’s right. You have some interesting tricks up your sleeve now, don’t you?”<br/><br/>
Having seen that, Luser gently stroked his right arm, which was covered in bandages.“Well then, shall we get to the point?”“…The point?”“Didn’t you want to know who killed George and Lily?”“…!”He narrowed his dull-looking eyes and made a big, vicious smile as if it were of a ferocious beast.<br/><br/>
Luser went on.“The one who killed them was…”*************<br/><br/>
Click Donate For More Chapters<br/><br/>
Next Chapter(s) on Patreon<br/><br/>
More Novels By AsianHobbyist<br/><br/>
