<br/>
Editor:Oscuras<br/>
It feels like I’ve sunk deep into the sea.<br/>
The moment when I perceived it, I’ve regained my consciousness and slowly opened my eyes.<br/>
「……Ouch」 (Iori)<br/>
I feel aching all over my body like I’m about to catch a cold that makes my body feel sluggish.<br/>
It was the familiar muscular pain that I’ve felt long time ago, and it was the symptom caused by lack of the magical power.<br/>
「Where am I……」(Iori)<br/>
As I looked above, I caught sight of the rough ceiling made of rock.<br/>
It is the scenery of the dim labyrinth.<br/>
It seems that I was lying somewhere around inside the labyrinth.<br/>
Yeah, that’s right.<br/>
I’ve lost my consciousness after I won against the Earth Demon Lord and ran out of magical power right after that.<br/>
When I thought so, I’ve noticed that my head was laying on something that’s blissfully soft.<br/>
It was elasticity soft, moreover, there was a warmth feeling on it.<br/>
As I raise my face slowly, Elfisuzaku was looking into my face.<br/>
「Are you finally awake?」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「Yeah……!?」(Iori)<br/>
Somehow its like I’ve been sleeping like a log on this fellow lap.<br/>
「You don’t need to be surprised that much」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「……Well, something like placing my head on someone lap is a bit」 (Iori)<br/>
「Could it be, that you thought that I would abandon you?」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「That’s…… No, I’m really thankful and that was helpful」 (Iori)<br/>
Even if there is no obstacle that blocked the metastasis formation anymore, Elfisuzaku didn’t abandon me. As I express my gratitude, I raised from her lap.<br/>
「That how it should be, and you should be proud that I let you to put that head of yours on this lap of mine」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
For, Elfisuzaku she was the same as always.<br/>
While she easily drifted by the words, I checked the condition of my body.<br/>
It feels heavy but not to the extent that I cannot move at all.<br/>
It seems that a bit of my magical power has returned while I was sleeping.<br/>
「…………」(Iori)<br/>
As usual, the mark of hero has ceased from functioning.<br/>
But, the fact that the labyrinth core has been absorbed doesn’t mean it was wasteful at all.<br/>
It seems that I was able to draw a bit of magical power from it.<br/>
With this, I will be able to use some low-class magic without depending solely on the magic stone.<br/>
「Somehow, I’ve manage to defeat that dragon. If I was by myself, probably I couldn’t defeat him」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Elfisuzaku expressed her gratitude to me.<br/>
「……No, I should be the one that says that because I’m the one being saved」 (Iori)<br/>
For the truth, I cannot accept her gratitude at all.<br/>
Because there was the time, that I was trying to betray Elfisuzaku.<br/>
「I was really surprised with the shield that you used to prevent the magic that was casted by the Earth Demon Lord」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Either she knows or not of my real intention before, but Elfisuzaku seems to be happy.<br/>
Magic Break Suppression.<br/>
Even if I look back, I can’t understand how was I able to use that magic.<br/>
For me to use it again now, It was something impossible.<br/>
What on earth, was that actually.<br/>
「That’s right. When I think about that」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
In a light tone, Elfisuzaku continued her words.<br/>
When I heard that word, I stiffened.<br/>
「ーYou’re Amatsu, right?」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
◆<br/>
「You……」(Iori)<br/>
I became stiffened at her words which were thrown suddenly at me.<br/>
Did she say Amatsu? Me?<br/>
「As I thought」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
……Damn it!.<br/>
I’ve failed to notice that Elfisuzaku was narrowing her eyes as she was reading my reaction.<br/>
It was impossible for me to cover it by making an excuse anymore.<br/>
「Kuh……!」(Iori)<br/>
I’ve taken some distance from Elfisuzaku that was still sitting down.<br/>
For the Mazoku “Amatsu” is a similar existence as the Maou.<br/>
It will be bad if my true identity is being exposed.<br/>
「That was a surprise……Why did you suddenly」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Is what she said.<br/>
Elfisuzaku didn’t move and was surprised by me who suddenly jumped backwards.<br/>
「Did you really think that I will attack you?」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「That……it is. On the contrary, why didn’t you attacked me?」(Iori)<br/>
「Firstly, even if I want to attack you, currently by the result of letting you use my lap as a lap pillow my legs are numb and I can’t stand right now」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「…………」(Iori)<br/>
What was that.<br/>
For me who jumped backwards suddenly, It makes me look like a fool.<br/>
「Most of all, right now I have no reason to fight you. It just a matter of the past, because currently I’m already being banished from the Maou forces」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「…………」(Iori)<br/>
Its true, there seem to be no hostility from her.<br/>
If I think about it, if she was hostile towards me, certainly she would’ve killed me when I lost my consciousness back then.<br/>
If she did, I would’ve never experienced that lap pillow, right.<br/>
「……How long have you noticed it?」 (Iori)<br/>
「Its the time when you prevented that blow from the Earth Demon Lord. Your magical power has the same quality with “Amatsu”」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Elfisuzaku proudly said「Its easy for me to notice such things solely by the magical power, you see」<br/>
「I didn’t notice it because your appearance has greatly changed. Geez, you should have just told me from the first we met, because both of us are already partners, you know」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
For opponents that had the intent to kill each other before, is there such relationship as partner between us?<br/>
「But, its been a long time “Amatsu”. The last time we meet was 30 years ago isn’t it」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Elfisuzaku happily said 「The scar left by you is still there, you know」 to me.<br/>
Although she was aware that I was “Amatsu”, whats with this intimate atmosphere.<br/>
「I’ve never expected that you would survive from that. I was really surprised, you see」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「……Somehow」(Iori)<br/>
Such as the fact that I had survived or I rather I would say that, actually when I gained my consciousness suddenly I was alive is more correctly to say, but.<br/>
「Maybe its bad for me to say to others, but Amatsu seems to have been weakened too, huh. If it was the former you for such thing like that dragon, probably it was easy for you to defeat it, right?」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「Because of some circumstance, I’m unable to use my power. For that reason I came to this labyrinth, to regain my power back」(Iori)<br/>
「Oh, I get it. That’s why you come to get the labyrinth core, its all for such a reason」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「After all, its still not enough」(Iori)<br/>
Just one labyrinth core isn’t enough, although it was considerably troublesome to obtain it.<br/>
On earth, how much magical power does it actually need.<br/>
「A considerably amount of time has passed from that, but do you still fight as a hero?」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「……No」(Iori)<br/>
Same as ever, there’s still the mark of hero on my arm.<br/>
But now, I’m not a hero anymore.<br/>
「Elfisuzaku. If possible, just refer me by using Iori and not “Amatsu”. I’ve already abandoned that name」(Iori)<br/>
“Hero Amatsu” is already dead. Because such a innocent ideal of aiming for world peace is no more.<br/>
「……Is that so. Then from now I’ll call you Iori」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Such attitude, did you try to sympathize with me by not touching the old stories.<br/>
Elfisuzaku was carefully trying not to inquire me about the past.<br/>
Ah, that’s right.<br/>
She already saw the moment when I was betrayed by my companions.<br/>
Anyway, that will be fine if there is no hostility.<br/>
「Hei, Iori. What are you gonna do after this?」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Elfisuzaku asks it while she’s still sitting.<br/>
「……after this, huh」(Iori)<br/>
My last objective was the labyrinth core.<br/>
I succeeded obtaining it, but my magical power still hasn’t returned after all.<br/>
Judging from what had happened, the method of using the labyrinth core was the right call after all.<br/>
The issue is the necessary amount of magical power needed.<br/>
To recover it completely, perhaps two or three labyrinth core are necessary to retain back my power.<br/>
As for my true aim,it is to carry out my vengeance towards my former companions who betrayed me.<br/>
For the present, I need to confirm everything that was told by Luser first.<br/>
Moreover, for such reasons I stole the treasure sword and other magical items from the treasure storage and it was regrettable that I didn’t have the chance to use it on Luser.<br/>
「……I’ll go to another country and challenge the labyrinth in the same way as here」(Iori)<br/>
On the matter of my revenge, I’ve explained it to her.<br/>
The Earth Demon Lord this time was a really troublesome opponent than the last one I fought with.<br/>
For the next labyrinth, I need to make proper preparation and carefully take into consideration my equipment.<br/>
「Hohou」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「……What?」(Iori)<br/>
Right after, Elfisuzaku heard my words *NYARI* a grin appear on her face.<br/>
I have a bad feeling about this.<br/>
「What a coincidence, Iori. Actually, I also have some business to do with the Labyrinth」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「Is that so, then good luck to you. Then, I will start to collect those scales from that Earth Demon Lord for now」(Iori)<br/>
「Hold up」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
As I was trying to flee from her, I’ve been hold firmly in that spot.<br/>
Shit, whats up with this absurd strength.<br/>
I can’t move at all.<br/>
「You see Iori, after I evaluated the fight from before, I’ll permit you to accompany me if you just prepare me a meal thrice a day, okay」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「I refuse」(Iori)<br/>
「Eh!?」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Elfisuzaku gives a surprising voice while her face shows that she didn’t expect to be refused by me.<br/>
Well something as cooperating till outside of the labyrinth, I expected it, certainly it will be something troublesome for me.<br/>
「Th~then how about twice a day meal with polishing my nails in it? 」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「No, thank you」(Iori)<br/>
「How about one meal a day with polishing my nails in it?」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「I don’t need it」(Iori)<br/>
What a persistent fellow she is………<br/>
「It will be your win If you take me with you, you know!?」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「Who do you think you are, huh」(Iori)<br/>
「I’m the Maou itself, The former one!」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
What is this fellow saying. During the fight there was an overpowering feeling but now why do I just feel disappointment for her.<br/>
I’m really grateful for the alliance and it can’t go further than that.<br/>
I release myself from Elfisuzaku who is throwing a tantrum, I start to move towards the Earth Demon Lord corpse.<br/>
「Huh, Hei IORI!」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
From a large sized demon, I might find some good material from it.<br/>
It’ll even fetch a high price if sold and if it being processed I could make a strong armour and weapon from it.<br/>
Because it’s a huge dragon, I might get some really good material.<br/>
Because there is a deep wound, If I cut it from the base of its flesh, it will possible to me to strip it off.<br/>
I could make a good weapon from its scale and tusk if I remove it properly from the roots.<br/>
Above all, 『Demon crystal』 also known as the demon’s heart was something exceptional to be obtained.<br/>
If I use that, it is possible for me to create a weapon that exceeds the treasure sword itself.<br/>
I’ve finally obtained the 『Demon Crystal』 ,at the time when I was going to put it away in my pouch.<br/>
「*SHUBA*!」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Elfisuzaku snatched the 『Demon Crystal』 while producing a self-created sound effect.<br/>
When I thought about that she just ran through the obstacles and jumped up with an extraordinary jumping power.<br/>
I dangled to the wall, as I try to reach my arm to the unreachable height.<br/>
「Fufun~, considering this was from the Earth Demon Lord, it seems to be a quite good 『Demon Crystal』 itself! Then IORI! Come with me if you want me to return this back to you! 」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「Shut up and give it back!」(Iori)<br/>
「NO!」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「Geez, are you a child!」(Iori)<br/>
What on earth is this!<br/>
「You see, no matter what, I need to go into the depths of the labyrinth! And you also had some business with it too, right!? Thus, can we just go together!?」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
As if a child asking for the impossible, she swings her hands and feet around while hanging on the wall.<br/>
Judging from this situation, if I want her to return the 『Demon Crystal』 it is the matter of how I respond to her.<br/>
It isn’t absolutely necessary, but at my current state that is weakened. If possible, I want to equip the best equipment that I can find.<br/>
Indeed it is regrettable that “it” was snatched by her.<br/>
「……I get it already. Firstly, I want to hear your story」(Iori)<br/>
「Do you really mean it!?」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「Yeah」(Iori)<br/>
As for the story.<br/>
Let’s talk it properly by listening to her story.<br/>
「Therefore, you must get down first」(Iori)<br/>
「Umu, I understood」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
With that, Elfisuzaku *KOKURI* nodded.<br/>
「…………」(Iori)<br/>
「…………」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「…………」(Iori)<br/>
「…………」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「Geez, just get down here already」(Iori)<br/>
While she was still hanging on the wall, she set her sight on me.<br/>
「Iori. There’s some thing that I need to tell you first」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「……What is it?」(Iori)<br/>
「Umu, actually I’m not able to go down」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
With a straight face, Elfisuzaku said that.<br/>
「Iori……Please help me to get down from here」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
While holding my head I breathe out a sigh.<br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 