<br/>
Hi guys, I will continue using Elfisuzaku to refer the heroine because the majority voter has decided that and thanks for casting your vote.<br/>
Editor:Oscuras<br/>
Proofreader:storytete<br/>
A cave dragon.<br/>
That’s the race of this The Earth Demon Lord.<br/>
Dragons that came from dragon species which an active subordinate of the Maou and it’s inhabited the mines that produce lots of ore.<br/>
Its skin was fully covered by hard rock and it’s impossible even to scratch it just by using some average magic.<br/>
Using magic from the earth attribute, I create rock bullets and shoot them into his mouth.<br/>
Just by moving around the dragon creates heavy damage to its surrounding area, It’s a really troublesome demon.<br/>
『Just wait,I’ll surely crush the both of you RIGHT HERE!』<br/>
The Earth Demon Lord smashed the ground with his huge arm.<br/>
When the room vibrated due to the impact, simultaneously magical power flows into the ground.<br/>
Right after that, similar to a mouth being closed, all the passages that led to other rooms have been blocked.<br/>
『Now both of you insects cannot run around anymore』<br/>
Elfisuzaku has already evacuated to the rear of the room.<br/>
Thus I must fight against this dragon alone for a while.<br/>
「Tsk」 (Iori)<br/>
As the Earth Demon Lord begins to move I started running away.<br/>
While running, I raise my physical ability using the magic stone to the limit<br/>
Fortunately, this room is wide and there are many places for me to escape.<br/>
【Magic Break】 (Iori)<br/>
I take distance and throw a number of magic stones towards the Earth Demon Lord. Instantly, the Earth Demon Lord and the magic stones clashed with each other the great explosions is produced.<br/>
『A crafty one, huh』<br/>
「There’s no effect!?」 (Iori)<br/>
Although it’s done with the maximum attack power. Yet, it still can’t break through the armour of the Earth Demon Lord.<br/>
That was a useless effort. Even if I use every kind of magic on this fellow, will he receive any damage from it?<br/>
『Did you flinch, human? 』<br/>
The Earth Demon Lord laughs, He seems to be trying to mock me.<br/>
According to our plan, it should be here.<br/>
As for my path of retreat being cut off. Moreover, according to the assumption that his attack will not pass through here.<br/>
Even though the cave dragon is a powerful demon and it should have some weak point.<br/>
The internal part of its body which isn’t covered up by rocks, and the tail where the only armouring is thinner, even the attack of the current me should be able to get through it.<br/>
Of course, it wouldn’t be possible for me to jump inside its body because of that I’ll be aiming for its tail.<br/>
A cave dragon is using its two legs to move on the ground and what helps him to keep his balance is its tail.<br/>
By cutting it off, its balance will collapse and it will create a big opening.<br/>
On the tail joint the armour of rock is thinner than other parts and if I use the treasure sword, it will be possible to cut it off.<br/>
「Don’t tell me that, this is all you got, Earth Demon Lord」 (Iori)<br/>
『Hah? 』<br/>
There’s a lot of other race of the Mazoku that despising the demons that have superior power than itself.<br/>
This Earth Demon Lord is a typical example.<br/>
By using it, I will create an opening from it.<br/>
「Tsk!」(Iori)<br/>
Thus I turn towards the Earth Demon Lord and start running with all my might.<br/>
If I want to cut the tail, then I have to reach it first.<br/>
『Human figures is just an eyesore, hah 』<br/>
The shell of rocks was launched in succession after the Earth Demon Lord opened its mouth.<br/>
The bullets are falling like a rain.<br/>
「Tsk!」 (Iori)<br/>
With the physical ability that I raised to the limit, I evade the shell by running in zig zag as it being bombed throughout the ground. Though my back is hit by the aftermath, I clench my teeth and advance forward.<br/>
I confirm that the Earth Demon Lord is going to raise its arm, to counter that I exercise magic with an additional magic stone<br/>
Using Thunder Magic I aim at the eyes of the Earth Demon Lord.<br/>
The Earth Demon Lord takes a direct hit from the Thunder Magic, even if the power is low, its range is wide.<br/>
『GUH, that’s twice! 』<br/>
Though the thunder easily vanishes by just one swing of its arm, an opening is born in that instant.<br/>
I’ve jumped then I rolled over to passed through the Earth Demon Lord foot.<br/>
Everything is going smooth to this point.<br/>
Next, I just need to chop off its tail」<br/>
『FOOLS!』<br/>
「Tsk!」 (Iori)<br/>
The tail of the Earth Demon Lord fell from above my head.<br/>
Though I fly aside and jump back, the ground crumbling and the debris flying from being struck by the tail are twice the size of a human torso.<br/>
「Kuh」(Iori)<br/>
The debris is repelled with the sword, but my balance is destroyed and I fall into the ground.<br/>
Again, the tail of the Earth Demon Lord was coming into my direction.<br/>
『You’re aiming for my tail, huh? Then you should aim at it properly first!!』<br/>
The Earth Demon Lord sneers at me as I leap using physical reinforcement barely evading his tail by a hair’s breath<br/>
Right after that, I started to move to the right position, In order to attack him.<br/>
『YOU’RE SLOW! 』<br/>
Soon after striking the first blow, The Earth Demon Lord flung its tail in succession.<br/>
My breath was getting rough after I was sent flying into the ground. Moreover, I got further damage from the impact itself.<br/>
『Human, you’re just a nobody. “Don’t talk the talk if you can’t walk the walk.” After all, this was the extent for what a human is capable of 』<br/>
Then a harsh loud laughter echoes.<br/>
As Earth Demon Lord thinks that he already won.  Yeah, of course, this is according to the plan too.<br/>
While sneering, the Earth Demon Lord tried to raise its tail with all his strength on it. At that time, he finally notices something unusual.<br/>
『What is THIS!? 』<br/>
The tail of the Earth Demon Lord was stuck to the ground firmly and around his tail, a white liquid was spreading.<br/>
『Kuh… this is the Tsuchigumo……』<br/>
Adhering to the tail of the Earth Demon Lord was the liquid that belonged in the Tsuchigumo cocoon ball.<br/>
At the same time when I evaded it, I was observing his tail fall spots, all for sake of laying the cocoon ball.<br/>
Speaking of the strong adhesive strength, those cocoon balls will probably last for several seconds.<br/>
However, that is just enough.<br/>
「Oh, Wasn’t it you who said that “You should aim at it properly first”. It seems that you made yourself eat your own words」 (Iori)<br/>
『YOU BASTARD 』<br/>
The Earth Demon Lord tries to peel his tail from the ground, but it’s already late.<br/>
It was a checkmate, Thus I cast the physical enhancement on myself as I swung aiming for the root of his tail.<br/>
This Treasure Sword contains the magical power that can boost its sharpness.<br/>
Even the tail of a dragon will be chopped off if its being cut through from its thin armoured parts.<br/>
「HaaAAAH!」 (Iori)<br/>
Then in a flash, As I aimed particularly at the section of the tail with less armour. Thus just by one slash from the Treasure Sword, the tail of the Earth Demon Lord was amputated from its root.<br/>
『GuoOOOO!! 』<br/>
Thus it let out a roar that echoes inside the room, subsequently the Earth Demon Lord which lost it support falls down to the ground vigorously.<br/>
In order not to be involved with the place where its huge body falls to the ground, I take distance from it. Right after that his roar echoes.<br/>
『HOW DARE YOU!! 』<br/>
「……! 」 (Iori)<br/>
With a cry of rage, the Earth Demon Lord who lost its balance is lifting his body forcibly.<br/>
The cave dragon which I fought once cannot make any movement after losing its tail.<br/>
Although I say that, as expected for the Earth Demon Lord he is able to move in such conditions.<br/>
Just before it was going to smash me using its huge body, Right at the moment-<br/>
「Well done, Iori」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
The voice of Elfisuzaku echoes inside the room.<br/>
◆<br/>
The plot of the fight had been already decided beforehand. My role in this fight is to buy us some time. As for the magic that will be cast by Elfisuzaku,that is our main objective.<br/>
「Just leave the rest to me!」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Then I noticed that Elfisuzaku which waited in the rear is now standing right beside me.<br/>
『Guu, ELFISUZAAAKU!! 』<br/>
By its floundering force, the Earth Demon Lord stands on his four legs.<br/>
If it will strike us with his huge body that looks like a hill, just with that alone we will become just a lump of flesh.<br/>
「Then try to handle this, Earth Demon Lord 」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
With that majestic appearance approaching us, Elfisuzaku isn’t shaken by it.<br/>
While wrapping herself with the magical power which is to the extent that the room is shaken. Slowly she turned her eyes towards the Earth Demon Lord.<br/>
And I saw it. That golden pupil of hers turned into a blood like crimson blaze.<br/>
「ー【Demon Eyes・Complete Destruction Explosion】」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
The following instant. The world is being dyed by the colour of a hell inferno and shortly after that, the Earth Demon Lord exploded.<br/>
Hot wind rages inside the room and the whole room are vibrating while making a roaring sound.<br/>
For the scale and power that can’t compare with my 【Magic Break】, the huge figure of an Earth Demon Lord vanished without a trace.<br/>
Among the powers possessed by Elfisuzaku, there exists【Demon Eyes】.<br/>
The eyes which possess demonic power and just by a glance, a unique magic can be invoked.<br/>
「In spite of having lost power, to still possess such magical power……」 (Iori)<br/>
The present me will easily fall victim if is given off such quality.<br/>
If it was a single blow during her golden days, not only the Earth Demon Lord but probably this entire room will blow entirely by her.<br/>
As she looked at the dumbfounded me, Elfisuzaku had an expression of boastfulness on her face.<br/>
「Fu, Are you surprised? It’s was reasonable for me to do so. For me that almost blew off an ally and it’s all because of the demon eyes fault for mistaking the adjustment of power and it’s not my fault, you hear me!?」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
It will be bad and you should just admit that.<br/>
Elfisuzaku demon eyes reverted from crimson blaze to its golden form.<br/>
The terrible magical power that it showed some time ago seems to have entirely discharged.<br/>
If the armour of a cave dragon is being attacked by average magic, the hardness of that armour will nullify it.<br/>
But, by just a single blow from Elfisuzaku, the entire body of the Earth Demon Lord along with the armour itself has been blown off.<br/>
Even for a cave dragon, it will be an instant death if being hit by such a single blow.<br/>
Of course, if it was just a common cave dragon.<br/>
『UOOOOoooo!! 』<br/>
「Tsk」 (Iori)<br/>
「WHAT」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
The Earth Demon Lord is still alive even after receiving such blow from the demon eyes. Both of his eyes appear with a rage which could burn everything out.<br/>
As the BAKIBAKI sound echoes, the body which vanished has begun to regenerate.<br/>
As for the flesh and armour which exploded, even for the tail that has already been cut off, it returned to its former state.<br/>
「Something like a Cave Dragon being able to use healing magic is…」(Iori)<br/>
Although the dragon kind which had mighty power, they should not be this invincible.<br/>
There should be a limit for magic that can be used for each race. Including the cave dragon which is able to use the healing magic, I’ve never heard of it.<br/>
Although they cannot use any healing magic, Instead of that they have hard armour and high offensive ability.<br/>
『Such [we will overturn that “Earth Demon Lord”]. Don’t underestimate me, you insects 』<br/>
「Did the labyrinth miasma had risen his power……!」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
The Earth Demon Lord which grew a tail raises its huge body.<br/>
『For disgracing the Maou forces by doing something such as joining forces with the dwarf human and even inflicting a wound on me. I’ll never forgive this! Soon your flesh will turn into stains in this labyrinth!! 』<br/>
All the wounds given so far have disappeared from the body of the Earth Demon Lord. Just during those ten seconds.<br/>
What remains is only the overwhelming huge body that does not change and same as before, anger because of the humiliation gave.<br/>
「This is something beyond my expectations. For a dragon to have healing magic, the one that I know was only Beldia-chan pet」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Even Elfisuzaku frowns when she saw the healing magic of the Earth Demon Lord.<br/>
「Elfisuzaku do you think that this fellow will be able to use the healing magic once again? (Iori)<br/>
「Now, It seem like he had spent most of his magical power and the full exercise of healing magic should be impossible」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Hah, do you possess the demon eyes that even can see the quantity of the magical power? Elfisuzaku concludes so by just watches the Earth Demon Lord with her red eyes.<br/>
Then it means that we can defeat that fellow if she can inflict the similar damage by using the demon eyes once again.<br/>
「Can you use the Demon Eyes once again?」(Iori)<br/>
「Yeah,but I need the same amount of time like before」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
The arm of the Earth Demon Lord falls from above.<br/>
Thus we broke off the conversation and evacuated at the same time.<br/>
『I will crush both of you bastards and it will be starting from you ELFISUZAKU!! 』<br/>
The charge of several minutes is necessary for her demon eyes to give us the only power which can defeat the Earth Demon Lord.<br/>
For the meanwhile, being unable to use any magic and it may be said that I’m defenceless.<br/>
「I get it.I’ll buy you some time」 (Iori)<br/>
In the porch, I still have enough magic stones.<br/>
Although I am unable to inflict any damage, I’m still able to keep fighting.<br/>
「I understand,then I’ll leave it to you Iori」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
By believing my words, Elfisuzaku starts to charge her demon eyes.<br/>
Such as trying to obstruct the Earth Demon Lord which begins to move.<br/>
On his current state of rage, Even if I entrust my power to restraint that fellow there is no doubt my bones will be crush entirely.<br/>
As if I let myself die in such a place.<br/>
Because there’s still something I need to do.<br/>
I must escape by any means from here.<br/>
I stretch my hand inside the porch and grab the magic stone.<br/>
I draw the treasure sword with the other hand when I was going to rush to the front in order to protect Elfisuzaku.<br/>
「――――」(Iori)<br/>
I have noticed a certain thing.<br/>
I exposed defenceless right in front of Elfisuzaku who is accumulating the magical power.<br/>
While aware of the demon eyes, the Earth Demon Lord charges straight towards her.<br/>
Then, I’ve seen across of the Earth Demon Lord is the blocked path which connects this room to the metastasis formation.<br/>
The aim of the current Earth Demon Lord is narrowed down only to Elfisuzaku.<br/>
By only using some magic stone and【Magic Break】I might be able to break through the blocked path in several seconds.<br/>
If I abandon her right now by passing through the Earth Demon Lord and run towards the exitー.<br/>
Thus by just abandoning her I’ll able to save myself.<br/>
ーWith the choices that floated in my mind, I draw my hand which grasped the magic stone.<br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 