<br/>
Episode 9 『Turning Point』<br/>
Hi guys, This is edited version and all thanks to Oscuras. Enjoy.<br/>
Editor:Oscuras<br/>
ーIf only I ditch Elfisuzaku, I might be able to escape from here.<br/>
Such thoughts,playing around in my mind.<br/>
With the current me, my attack won’t go through the Earth Demon Lord hard armor.<br/>
At the time, that means that I would be exposed to a considerable dangerous situation.<br/>
I would lose my life with just a mere hit if I handle this poorly.<br/>
The Earth Demon Lord is approaching us while emitting an intense atmosphere.<br/>
There are only a few seconds left for me to think it thoroughly.<br/>
In the first place, Elfisuzaku was the one who proposed this cooperation.<br/>
Similar as the time with Luser and my other companions, I’m just being dragged by the flow and forming a cooperation relationship unwillingly.<br/>
Taking in consideration that my partner is a Mazoku, perhaps she has some ulterior motive towards me.<br/>
「That’s right」 (Iori)<br/>
Elfisuzaku is a Mazoku.<br/>
The enemy that I always fought against.<br/>
There’s nothing wrong with one to betray an enemy.<br/>
Including lending help,it was something unnecessary.<br/>
This is my last chance to escape and survive from here.<br/>
I will be able to escape from here just with the price of betrayal.<br/>
Because there’s something left that I need to do.<br/>
Elfisuzaku’s back is faced toward me and currently she’s still not aware of my movement.<br/>
「ーTsk」 (Iori)<br/>
With the intention of ditching her, I start moving my legs forward.<br/>
“ZATSU” sound is made from the sand as I start dashing.<br/>
Probably even Elfisuzaku would hear that sound.<br/>
She should’ve noticed that I was going to escape.<br/>
But.<br/>
「――――」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Still, Elfisuzaku did not say anything.<br/>
With her exposed and defenseless figure. Yet, she still believed in me and continued charging her magical power.<br/>
ーIt’s because you have saved me. Neither human nor Mazoku matters, right?<br/>
Then I recall those words.<br/>
Did she really think that way seriously?<br/>
Something like “Neither human nor Mazoku matters”, though both races were hostile at each other, she still believed in me.<br/>
Elfisuzaku still didn’t turn around.<br/>
If someone from the same caliber as her, she should understand now that I was going to escape.<br/>
With her back that faced towards me ーshe was simply continuing to put her trust in me.<br/>
『GuoOOO!!』<br/>
Suddenly, the Earth Demon Lord lifted his hand.<br/>
For certain, it is possible to smash a person easily just by swinging down those,and he was aiming towards the defenseless Elfisuzaku.<br/>
「――――」(Iori)<br/>
Instinctively,without noticing myself.<br/>
I’ve already jumped while holding Elfisuzaku.<br/>
「Iori……」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
She is in my arms with a surprised expression on her face.<br/>
As that arm has smashed down, the ground breaks and scattered.<br/>
I dodge the debris and take distance from the Earth Demon Lord.<br/>
『Just disappear already』<br/>
The Earth Demon Lord howled with a irritated groan.<br/>
The Earth Demon Lord opened its mouth widely.<br/>
It concentrates an enormous magical power into it.<br/>
An amount that’ll surely kill both of us.<br/>
Yet, it is still possible for me to escape.<br/>
While that fellow still saves its magical power, that momentー<br/>
「ーI’ll manage somehow to evade that blow. Then Elfisuzaku you should hurry」 (Iori)<br/>
Oh, I just spurt that out.<br/>
Ah, that’s right.<br/>
It will be different if I just take the chance to escape from here.<br/>
It is better if I just take that chance.<br/>
But to deceive is no different than to betray.<br/>
It will make me no different from those bastards.<br/>
「ーArghhh!」 (Iori)<br/>
Looking at Elfisuzaku that nodded strongly, I’ve made my resolution.<br/>
◆<br/>
『Trying to shrewdly imitate me but it was no use because it will end soon, say your last prayers!』<br/>
The Earth Demon Lord was howling.<br/>
Judging from the quantity of the magical power concentrated on its mouth, everything will end just by taking a hit from it.<br/>
Because the current me doesn’t have the means to prevent it.<br/>
ーRight, the present me.<br/>
The labyrinth core that I took out is shining in rainbow colour.<br/>
It contains enough magical power to move the labyrinth.<br/>
That labyrinth coreーI’ve crush it with my own hand.<br/>
「Kuhー……!!」 (Iori)<br/>
The torrent of magical power from it began to flow onto the mark on my right hand. T/N last translation I probably use “proof” instead of “mark” or “sign”.<br/>
Thus inside my body it felt like severely creaking caused by the magical power that rage like a storm, my sight was covered with noise.T/N the noise probably mean his sight is blurring<br/>
「ーahh」(Iori)<br/>
Right after that, I instantly understood it.<br/>
Itsーstill not enough.<br/>
The magical power that is contained by the labyrinth core,unable to move the still imperfect mark.<br/>
『I will inform this matter to the Maou. About you worthless bastard and that dwarf !!』<br/>
A loud laughter was given by the Earth Demon Lord after he was done accumulating his magical power. His magic has been completed and everything will be useless now.<br/>
「……don’t give up」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Elfisuzaku that stands right before me isn’t faltering even a bit.<br/>
She only believes in me and saved her magical power without worrying or doubting me.<br/>
『ー【Death Stake】』<br/>
Thus an enormous stake was created.<br/>
A stake with the size that is equal to the huge body of the Earth Demon Lord is fired like a bullet.<br/>
If something like that hits us directly, it will be the end.<br/>
「FUCK.……!」 (Iori)<br/>
The mark isn’t going to function even at the last moment.<br/>
I get awfully irritated for the power that doesn’t act and above all towards myself that can’t even do anything.<br/>
I take out the maximum quantity of the magic stones from the porch.<br/>
I grasp it tightly as if to extent the blood spread from my hand, Thus I let the magical power contained free.<br/>
Using the magic stone to the limit, the magic I use is only enough to prevent the stake.<br/>
「……kuh」 (Iori)<br/>
Just by using the impossible magic for the current me, my magical power almost vanishes.<br/>
Overwhelmed by the lack of magical power to use it.<br/>
「There’s something left that needs to be done by me」 (Iori)<br/>
As if I will let myself die in such a place.<br/>
Toward the unknown that blocks the “mark”ー I forcibly try to break it, in order to draw magical power from it.<br/>
For certain, even if it isn’t enough I’ll need to draw it by force.<br/>
「DON’T GET IN MY WAY……!」 (Iori)<br/>
I throw out a shout as the stake keeps approaching.<br/>
My hand that I use to grasp tightly the magical stones starts to drip blood.<br/>
My right arm was scorching hot.<br/>
「OooOOOHH!!」 (Iori)<br/>
The magical power should be enough.<br/>
Burning magical powers overflow from the depths of my body, starting to gather into my right arm.<br/>
I extend my arm that felt like it was burning with a scream.<br/>
It was my strongest defense magic that can be used by the former me.<br/>
「【Magic Break Suppression/Makifuusatsu】ー!」(Iori) *T/N sorry guys I don’t have any idea to translate this “魔毀封殺” in cooler naming or should I just put “Makifuusatsu”?<br/>
It was a shield that is equal to the size of the incoming stake and it was developed right in front of me.<br/>
The stake crashes right into the shield and its movement is stopped while creating shock waves.<br/>
『WHAT……!?』<br/>
Magic Break Suppression.<br/>
The unbreakable shieldーis something I came up with when I created the defence magic.<br/>
Not only physical attack can be nullified, magic too. Literally, its a suppression shield of the light.<br/>
The unbreakable shield that was rivaling with that stake.<br/>
As I exercised it with the incomplete form it started to shake and creaking.<br/>
Like hell, I’m gonna lose.<br/>
「GuーaaAAHHH……!!」 (Iori)<br/>
I screamed while I stood firmly on the ground.<br/>
Thus the magic stones which were being grasped by me started to break simultaneously ー<br/>
『……FOOLS』<br/>
The stake and the shield broke and scattered simultaneously.<br/>
While the restless voice of the Earth Demon Lord echoes in the room.<br/>
……I’ve to manage to prevent it.<br/>
The outcome will be different if my magical power was slightly insufficient to maintain it, my shield certainly breaks due to it being overpowered.<br/>
By overexerting the use of magical power my whole body is being seized with weariness.<br/>
It felt like the mark on my right arm is on fire.<br/>
『Then……!』<br/>
「Kuh」 (Iori)<br/>
The Earth Demon Lord opened its mouth and was going to shoot the shell of rock.<br/>
Damn, I can’t use that shield anymore.<br/>
Hit or miss, whether I can track its movement and deflect it by using the treasure sword.<br/>
「ーWell done, Iori」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
As the dignified voice echoed, the Earth Demon Lord stiffed as he heard it.<br/>
The owner of the voice had her eyes dyed in crimson blaze and magical power that seem to rage violently emitted from her body.<br/>
『E……Elfisuzaku!』<br/>
Realized that he is at disadvantage, the Earth Demon Lord cancelled executing his stone cannon.<br/>
Like the same way he appeared before, “ZUBUZUBU” and the huge figure started to sink into the ground.<br/>
「ーAs if I let you!」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Right before he could do that, Elfisuzaku made her move first.<br/>
She opened her crimson blaze eyes wide.<br/>
『Fools……Like hell I’ll let myself to be defeated here』<br/>
「ー【Demon Eyes・Complete Destruction Explosion】ー!!」(Elfisuzaku)<br/>
A flash of flaming crimson runs towards the Earth Demon Lord that makes him scream.<br/>
It caught the Earth Demon Lord who was about to sink into the ground, as the explosion occurred, my sight was blinded for a while.<br/>
Similar as before, it was a blow that seemed like a storm, able to vanish every armor and rock in an instant.<br/>
『Ga……h』<br/>
Thus after the bursting smoke cleared up,the figure of the Earth Demon Lord that is being attacked by the demon eyes is visible. His entire body is burnt and one of its arms vanishes due to the explosion. Its certain a mortal wound.<br/>
But,<br/>
『I……still not lose……yet!』<br/>
「……You bastard are still!」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
The Earth Demon Lord that was attacked by such power is still alive.<br/>
Though his magical power is almost depleted and is forcibly casting the healing magic, he’s trying to heal his wound.<br/>
“BAKIBAKI”, his wounds are healed at a slower speed unlike before.<br/>
「Kuh……right now I’m running out of magical power.Only a little……!」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
For Elfisuzaku using the demon eye twice, the result is she suppressed her contorted face caused by the effect of overexerting.<br/>
If the Earth Demon Lord starts to move again we don’t have any skills to use this time.<br/>
But, I can’t be defeated here after everything that I have gone through<br/>
「Elfisuzaku! Can you pour all of your remaining magical power into this sword?」 (Iori)<br/>
「What do you intend to do?」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
「With this I will give the decisive blow to that fellow」 (Iori)<br/>
I handed the treasure sword to her and she began to pour her magical power into it.<br/>
「Sorry……this is my limit」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
The treasure sword that was being imbued with Elfisuzaku magical power was dyed in blackish ominous color.<br/>
It was dreadful magical power.<br/>
「……No, its enough!」 (Iori)<br/>
As I kick the ground, I start to dash towards the Earth Demon Lord.<br/>
While letting a cry of agony leak towards the approaching me the Earth Demon Lord swung its arm down.<br/>
For such a desperate aim,it is easily being avoided, then immediately I flung to the side.<br/>
「UOOOOH!!」(Iori)<br/>
Thus, I jump over onto one of those arms.<br/>
“GOTSUGOTSU” over the arm being covered with rock, I dash at full speed.<br/>
「Let’s end this, HERE」 (Iori)<br/>
『GuーooOOH!!』<br/>
The armor comes off as I swung down the treasure sword which is dyed in black to his bared head.<br/>
The blade pierces through the Earth Demon Lord flesh.<br/>
『Its…… futile!!』<br/>
「Tsk!」 (Iori)<br/>
Nonetheless, the stab is still not enough to stop the Earth Demon Lord.<br/>
As the Earth Demon Lord shook its head, I have been thrown out into the air.<br/>
But the Treasure sword still pierces his head.<br/>
『DIE…,HUMA……N!!』<br/>
Aiming toward me who was still in the sky, the Earth Demon Lord raises his arm.<br/>
For the current me it was impossible to dodge it.<br/>
But.<br/>
At that time, the Treasure Sword which was stuck on the Earth Demon Lord starts to shine.<br/>
『What is THIS……!?』<br/>
Right before I fought with the Earth Demon Lord I’ve already thought of the counter measure beforehand.<br/>
One of the weak points of the cave dragonーis the body parts which are not covered with rock.<br/>
For that, ones should use that advantage to exercise a special attack into its body.<br/>
『Impossible did you……you bastard, YOU BASTARD!!』<br/>
「ーIts the end for you, Earth Demon Lord」 (Iori)<br/>
That “Treasure Sword” is a magic item which contains a magical power inside it.<br/>
Its similar to the magic stone, which if its internal magical power is driven out of control it is possible to turn it into a bomb.<br/>
Even with the Treasure Sword own magical power is enough, but by adding the magical power of Elfisuzaku its effect should’ve increased.<br/>
「【Magic Break】ー!!」 (Iori)<br/>
It exploded with a ominous light.<br/>
The hell fire of the magical power which ran out of control flows into the body of the Earth Demon Lord.<br/>
『ーtsu!!』<br/>
He is going to burst on his last moments.<br/>
As the head of the Earth Demon Lord explodes it gives a spark of magical power right after that.<br/>
The bursting smokes reaches to the ceiling.<br/>
『――――』<br/>
“GURARI”,the huge body that lost its head is about to drop.<br/>
Then the labyrinth shakes as the body that is like a hill began to sink.<br/>
Thus the Earth Demon Lord ceased to move.<br/>
The master of the labyrinth completely died this time.<br/>
「……Iori!」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
Right before I fell to the ground, again Elfisuzaku caught and was holding me.<br/>
Our standpoint is being reversed again.<br/>
It was the effect of using the magic forcibly.<br/>
My body lost its strength as if the battery was being cut off.<br/>
In the arms of Elfisuzaku, my consciousness starts to fade away.<br/>
「ーas I thought, you’re…」 (Elfisuzaku)<br/>
It felt like I was hearing something she was muttering about…<br/>
T/N : Yeah, it looks like she will uncover Iori true identity<br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 