<br/>
Hi, there’s some correction with name<br/>
Solkin=Zolkin<br/>
Sorry for the inconvenience<br/>
Translator: Norva<br/>
Editor:Oscuras<br/>
 <br/>
「Beltoga……!」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
I felt blood rushing to my head after my revenge target appeared before me.<br/>
I need to calm down.<br/>
I can’t kill him if I lose myself.<br/>
I need to calm myself for the sake of killing him.<br/>
 <br/>
「…………」<br/>
 <br/>
Among those who wore magic items on their body, there’s a man who wore a full-face helmet mixed among them.<br/>
But, when Elfi observed it with her Demon Eyes there’s nothing unusual with the magical power. Moreover, because his appearance looks like a human I wasn’t able to notice at all.<br/>
Besides, I’ve been too cautious of Zolkin who wears full body armour.<br/>
Damn, it’s a blunder.<br/>
 <br/>
「U……Guh……」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
Despite the great amount of blood flowing from her forehead, Elfi is still alive.<br/>
It appears that Zolkin is safe too because he was being protected by Elfi.<br/>
……I’m glad.<br/>
 <br/>
「I got the information about you from Merwin, but this esteemed me was surprised when looking at the real thing-ze. Because this esteemed me thought that guy was trying to make fool out of this esteemed me, but it seems that guy has done very good work didn’t he?」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
“Well, he probably died because this esteemed me got no contact from him-na?” As Beltoga shrugged his shoulders.<br/>
……As I expected, the「Beltoga」in that letter wrote by Merwin is without doubt this bastard itself.<br/>
 <br/>
「Your appearance completely changed and you’ve become weak, too.<br/>
Hey, are you doing well?」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
「You bastard……」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
「Well even if you’re doing well, it doesn’t matter cause this esteemed me will kill you after this anyway-na ?」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
What’s in the grasps of Beltoga is a person sized metal rod.<br/>
Is that a magic item? Because it’s being cladded by flames in response to Beltoga magical power.<br/>
 <br/>
「O~……oi, what the meaning of this? You……why?」<br/>
 <br/>
「Oni*……? What the heck?」*TN Oni=Ogre<br/>
 <br/>
As the adventurers are being drawn back by Beltoga overwhelming majestic appearance.<br/>
Beltoga sneered at them after he saw them in such state.<br/>
 <br/>
「Such thickheaded riffraff, heh」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
「……You went all trouble to be mixed up yourself among the adventurers, just for the sake of killing me, huh?」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
「Nah, It just happens by chance. Originally this esteemed me just came over to this town to assess the war potential of the Federation-na」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
「……So that’s the reason, huh」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
By the words of Beltoga, the adventurers recall some conversation at the guild.<br/>
 <br/>
『―― Is it about the day before yesterday? The data regarding the labyrinth has been stolen』<br/>
 <br/>
I did not mind it so much, it was probably done by this bastard when he got mixed in with the adventurers.<br/>
 <br/>
「This esteemed me thought it was such a troublesome task, but thanks to you, everything seems to work as this esteemed me wants」(Beltoga)<br/>
「……what?」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
When Beltoga spat on the Flame Demon Lord corpse, he laughed and smiled.<br/>
 <br/>
「Since long time ago, this guy was an obstacle, ya know. It should be this esteemed me of the Flame Oni more befitting to become the Flame Demon Lord. Just because this fucker has a big quantity of magical power he was selected. Therefore, thank you for killing him! Thanks to that, it was decided that this esteemed me will be promoted!」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
In good mood, Beltoga plays around with his metal rod.<br/>
 <br/>
「Therefore-na? It’s the reason why you and that woman over there must be killed!」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
「GuuHh~!?」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
A huge metal rod is lightly swung down.<br/>
At the moment when I jumped backwards, the amount of flame covering the metal rod is increased and it doubled the attack range.<br/>
My view is dyed in red as I was wrapped up in flames.<br/>
 <br/>
「Hey, why do you think that this esteemed me came out at this timing?」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
「――」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
「Well, it’s to ensure that you’re properly dead this TIME!!」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
The metal rod is being swayed around like a storm.<br/>
 <br/>
Though I prevent it with Jade Longsword, I can not diverge the flames which are emitted from the metal rod.<br/>
It’s breaking through the defence of the equipment wore by me little by little because I can see that my flesh is being burned too.<br/>
Every time I endure his blow, my magical power is being scraped off while maintaining the body strengthening<br/>
I can not afford to take out the magic stone because of his continuous strike.<br/>
 <br/>
「What’s wrong? Na~, fight this esteemed me back! Aren’t you’re the legendary Hero-sama, right!? Right!?」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
The attack itself is not so troublesome.<br/>
However, due to the power of the blow and the flame that are blowing out from the rod, I can not afford switching to counterattack.<br/>
 <br/>
「Doesn’t it feel painful? Are you tired? Do you want a potion?」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
「………」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
「However, it’s going to be the poisoned one-Na! Didn’t this esteemed me have told it to you? Because it had happened a long time ago this esteemed me memory is quite vague about it. However, this esteemed me has deceived you once by making you drink poison-ze? Somehow it was ineffective-Na!」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
「I know it, you BASTARD!!」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
「Is that so」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
As he takes my striking blow with a soft sword technique.<br/>
 <br/>
At the same time,<br/>
 <br/>
「GAho~」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
With a cough, I spat out blood.<br/>
Shit, the exhaustion from the two-fold acceleration its crippling my body.<br/>
 <br/>
「Oraa!!」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
In that gap, the metal rod is swung to my ribs.<br/>
Though I’ve defend it,<br/>
 <br/>
「Ga……aaaaaaahh~」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
*MEKIMEKI* as my bone creaks remarkably and I have been blown away unable to stop it. At the same time, my left shoulder making *whack* unpleasant sound.<br/>
 <br/>
I was slammed against the ground after being unable to defend myself.<br/>
Along with my dislocated shoulder, my view turns white due to the pain from being slammed against the ground.<br/>
I bit off my lips in order to keep my consciousness which was almost blown off.<br/>
 <br/>
What are you doing? myself.<br/>
The betrayer is right in front of you.<br/>
Do you have time to sleep?<br/>
 <br/>
At the same time as I get up, I use Jade longsword as a cane to support myself instead.<br/>
 <br/>
「Ora, yo~!!」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
As the metal rod was thrown vigorously.<br/>
However, it wasn’t aiming at me.<br/>
 <br/>
「ELFIiiiiiiiii……!!」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
It was thrown toward Elfi and Zolkin who were laying on the ground.<br/>
Thus, I run with all my might and stopped it with my Jade Longsword.<br/>
 <br/>
「Gua……aaaaaaaaaaaHH」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
I felt the scorching heat on my left shoulder.<br/>
I couldn’t muster my strength well anymore.<br/>
While, my sight is blinking, too.<br/>
 <br/>
Albeit, I couldn’t react to the metal rod completely but at least I’ve managed to alter the trajectory in time.<br/>
 <br/>
「You look tired-na?」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
The fist of Beltoga which approached me all too soon has sunk into my flank.<br/>
 <br/>
「Ha……!?」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
My breath stopped from it.<br/>
I don’t know how many meters I got blown away as I bounced before landing on the rough ground.<br/>
I understood that my flesh was chipped on the rock which split finely from the impact.<br/>
 <br/>
「Hey~, What were you doing for these thirty years, were you asleep?」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
An acute pain that almost takes away my consciousness is attacking my whole body.<br/>
Though it only felt relieved after I drunk the potion that I had inside my clothes.<br/>
My magical power is recovering thanks to the Jade Longsword, albeit I’m unable to move my body.<br/>
 <br/>
「When this esteemed me recalls that this esteemed me once called you『Amatsu-san』it make this esteemed me have goosebumps-ze」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
With calm and composed expression, Beltoga is sneering at me.<br/>
Because this bastard is the kind of guy that flatters the strong but sneers toward those weaker than him.<br/>
From the fatigue condition of me and Elfi, I wonder if I was convinced that I could win.<br/>
Because currently we’re at a disadvantageous position.<br/>
 <br/>
「You got some nerve to turn your back on……me」(Elfi)<br/>
「……!?」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
Elfi who stood on her knee her pupil has turn into crimson red while staring at Beltoga.<br/>
However, it just makes Beltoga shake for a moment.<br/>
 <br/>
「Elfisuzaku wasn’t it? Well till now this esteemed me has been watching those Demon Eye capability, ya’see. That’s right, you can’t do anything without magic, wasn’t it?」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
「……」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
「The good-for-nothing does become a drag. Well, this esteemed me will kill you afterward」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
As Beltoga says, most of Elfi’s magical power was used in the previous battle and that last attack made by her.<br/>
Noises occasionally appeared on her limbs. *TN Noise probably blurring like a hologram.<br/>
It seems that she had a hard time maintaining her alter ego body.<br/>
 <br/>
「H……Hey, wait!」<br/>
 <br/>
Voices rise from the adventurers.<br/>
I guess they could finally swallow the situation.<br/>
 <br/>
「If you do it anymore, we will become your opponents-zo!」<br/>
 <br/>
「That person is our benefactor!」<br/>
 <br/>
「I won’t let you kill him/she*」TN the original word in Japanese is gender neutral<br/>
 <br/>
Suddenly, a red wind blew.<br/>
 <br/>
「――――Hah?」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
「Hii~」<br/>
 <br/>
As the magic power spews from the body of Beltoga.<br/>
The adventurers can be heard shrieking after being stroked by it.<br/>
 <br/>
It’s a handed down magic of the Onizoku known as “Demonic Majestic”.<br/>
It’s a magic that drops the mental state and instils fear into people that have weak anti-magical power.<br/>
 <br/>
However, it’s ineffective against me who wears protective magic items.<br/>
Probably, it the same for Elfi too.<br/>
However.<br/>
 <br/>
「U,UA aaa Aaah!?」<br/>
 <br/>
「Mo……Monster!!」<br/>
 <br/>
But it was unfortunately for those adventurers.<br/>
In addition, they fell into a panic after being overwhelmed by it as their physical strength and magical power is already exhausted<br/>
Even Misha body can be seen trembling along with her shaking knees.<br/>
 <br/>
「A bunch of weaklings」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
As soon as he spits in disdain, Beltoga laughed smugly.<br/>
 <br/>
「Say, all of you. Isn’t this guy your benefactor? Aren’t you going to help?」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
「Eh……?」<br/>
 <br/>
「Then, face off this esteemed one. Make sure to try your best to help, na? Well, you might get kill when facing this esteemed me though」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
As Beltoga beckoned at the adventurers.<br/>
It was an ugly rotten smile similar to Luser and Merwin.<br/>
 <br/>
「On the other hand, if you guys kill him along with that woman this esteemed one might overlook all of you-ze?」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
「……」<br/>
 <br/>
*GOKURI* as someone was gulping.<br/>
I can see that an expectation had appeared on their face.<br/>
Ah, it was the same trick that I used to Merwin.<br/>
 <br/>
Because Beltoga doesn’t have any intention to let those adventurers get away.<br/>
Since the labyrinth core is not being dispossessed yet, there’s still demons in the labyrinth.<br/>
In addition, every one of them is already exhausted and that makes no meaning for them trying to escape in that condition.<br/>
 <br/>
「…………」<br/>
 <br/>
Then the adventurers turned their gaze toward me and Elfi.<br/>
『If those two are killed……』is being showed from their eyes.<br/>
 <br/>
「Ah……」<br/>
 <br/>
Among those gazes.<br/>
There’s Misha among them.<br/>
She stretches out her hand at the sword on her waist while looking towards me.<br/>
 <br/>
Did she recover herself by drinking a potion? Meanwhile, Zolkin is looking at us too.<br/>
 <br/>
「Ha…HaHa」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
Ah! As I expected.<br/>
 <br/>
After all, this is their true nature.<br/>
People easily betray people if it is for their own sake, no matter how much they’ve been helped.<br/>
It was meaningless to try and help them after all.<br/>
 <br/>
It so funny that it makes my stomach hurts.<br/>
 <br/>
「……!」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
Bullshit.<br/>
Don’t mess with me.<br/>
As if I let myself get killed.<br/>
 <br/>
I’ve to rise myself with the support of the Jade Longsword.<br/>
Its becoming possible for me to move with the effect of the potion.<br/>
My magical power was restored during the conversations, too.<br/>
 <br/>
I’m going to kill Beltoga.<br/>
I’ll massacre those adventurers if they’re going to betray me too.<br/>
I’ll kill them, either if it’s Zolkin or Misha…….<br/>
 <br/>
「……wha」<br/>
 <br/>
The adventurers are watching me while huddling together.<br/>
Are they having cold feet?  Or have they thought out any strategies?<br/>
Humph, as the bored-looking Beltoga snorting.<br/>
 <br/>
「Well, this esteemed me assume that as『Let them die without helping』, You guys just need to stay there-zo」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
As Beltoga’s turning around facing here.<br/>
 <br/>
「Gezz, both Lucifina-san and Dionis-san are too soft. This esteemed me will end this properly or all of this will never end-na」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
As the sound of footsteps approaching this way.<br/>
I prepare the Jade Longsword on my right hand while grasping the magic stone in between my dislocated left shoulder fingers.<br/>
Elfi is screaming my name.<br/>
 <br/>
「For sake of our old friendship. This esteemed one will at least hear your will」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
「Kill――――」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
「As if I’m gonna hear it, you FOOL!!」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
As the metal rod of Beltoga approaches.<br/>
While stepping back, I’ve thrown the magic stones somehow and caused an explosion using “Magic Break”.<br/>
When I move my body is struck by an intense pain as my consciousness is about to be blown off by it.<br/>
 <br/>
「Its futile!」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
From the  smoke, Beltoga which wears flame armour came popping out.<br/>
 <br/>
Then swinging down his metal rod from high-handed attitude.<br/>
Although I was trying to ward off the rod by using the one-handed technique, but unfortunately my sword is being blown off.<br/>
As *CLANG-CLANG* sound was made by the Jade Longsword after falling to the ground.<br/>
 <br/>
「GO TO HELL!」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
The metal rod of Beltoga draws near before my very eyes.<br/>
 <br/>
I have no weapon.<br/>
 <br/>
I can not reach the magic stone.<br/>
 <br/>
The magic can not be activated in time.<br/>
 <br/>
Elfi is unable to move.<br/>
 <br/>
There aren’t means to prevent the metal rod.<br/>
 <br/>
「At such……place……」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
Die――――.<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
◆<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
However, there was no sound of meat being crushed.<br/>
But only some high-pitched metallic sound that had clashed with each other.<br/>
There’s a single person from the cat beastman standing before my very eyes.<br/>
 <br/>
Catching the swung down metal rod while holding a sword with both of her hands.<br/>
While her hair and flesh are being burnt by the flames.<br/>
Even so, with agonised look, she desperately prevents the metal rod.<br/>
 <br/>
「Hah?」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
When Beltoga looks puzzled, then simultaneous.<br/>
There are countless numbers of magic that came flying from his rear.<br/>
However, it doesn’t have much of a power because of its just low-class magic.<br/>
 <br/>
「……You lot」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
At the moment when Beltoga sends his attention toward his rear, Misha was moving nimbly while embracing my body in a brute force as she runs like wind while not leaving my sword behind.<br/>
 <br/>
「YOU SCUM!」(Zolkin)<br/>
 <br/>
As a great sword was being struck against Beltoga who had raised his metal rod in his attempt to not let us get away.<br/>
Unfortunately, it was repelled and bounced by Beltoga skin which can break a rock barehanded.<br/>
Zolkin was holding a great sword while standing in front of the Beltoga.<br/>
 <br/>
「……Eh?」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
Misha carried me to the vicinity of the room entrance.<br/>
While some adventurer runs up to me and makes me drink a potion.<br/>
 <br/>
「Iori-san are you alright!? I’m sorry for unable to help you as soon as possible!」(Misha)<br/>
 <br/>
Misha is apologising to me.<br/>
 <br/>
Why.<br/>
 <br/>
「……Iori」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
「Elfi……」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
Before I’m aware of it, Elfi was carried here, too.<br/>
She is made to drink a potion likewise, too.<br/>
 <br/>
「What are you doing, you bunch of small fries」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
Beltoga threatens them while exercising the “Demonic Majestic”.<br/>
Because of that, the adventurers are trembling after they being struck by it.<br/>
There’s even someone that wet his pants among them.<br/>
 <br/>
Even so, everyone stood in front of us, facing Beltoga.<br/>
 <br/>
「Sorry, up to now I’ve lost my nerve and wasn’t able to move」<br/>
 <br/>
「It’s kind of miserable」<br/>
 <br/>
The adventurers apologise while trembling.<br/>
 <br/>
Why?<br/>
 <br/>
Did not you mean to betray us?<br/>
 <br/>
「Why……」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
Without a doubt, the “Demonic Majestic” is working.<br/>
The adventurers should feel fear.<br/>
 <br/>
「You idiot. How could I abandon my lifesaver」<br/>
 <br/>
「Even if I escape here, there’s no meaning if I abandon the main actor who defeated the Flame Demon lord, ya’hear」<br/>
 <br/>
「As if I let myself at the mercy of that oni」<br/>
 <br/>
The adventurers pretend to be tough as they’re smiling at me.<br/>
 <br/>
「If it wasn’t because of you, I’ll probably be already dead by that flame lizard. Then it was my turn to save you this time, right?」<br/>
 <br/>
One of the adventurers who was helped by me back then said that to me.<br/>
 <br/>
Because I was saved.<br/>
Because of gratitude.<br/>
Because of being protected.<br/>
 <br/>
So, I will not betray……?<br/>
 <br/>
「Whats with that surprised face?」(Zolkin)<br/>
 <br/>
Unaware, Zolkin was standing there.<br/>
His armour is dented greatly and blood is flowing from the gap.<br/>
 <br/>
「Because everyone right here has been helped by both of you-ze」<br/>
 <br/>
The adventurers are nodding their heads agreeing at the remark made by Zolkin.<br/>
 <br/>
「Oh, I can finally return back those favours. I am lucky-ze」<br/>
 <br/>
「I’m tired of letting just the two of you hogging all the cool side for yourself」<br/>
 <br/>
They’re just pretending to be tough.<br/>
Because both their voices and legs are trembling.<br/>
Moreover, there are teeth clattering sound that can be heard from them.<br/>
 <br/>
「Haven’t I said it? That I don’t like seeing children fighting. Above all, I hate to let a child die the most. That’s why I won’t let you guys die-na」(Zolkin)<br/>
 <br/>
「――――」<br/>
 <br/>
Beltoga flung his metal rod against the ground as he was irritated at the attitude of the adventurers.<br/>
 <br/>
「Oy Oy, you know that you can not win against this esteemed me?」(Beltoga)<br/>
 <br/>
It just like what he had said.<br/>
The exhausted adventurers will only be slaughtered if they confronted him.<br/>
 <br/>
Even though.<br/>
 <br/>
―――― No one runs away.<br/>
 <br/>
「I understand that, however…..」<br/>
 <br/>
Misha who stood up glanced at Beltoga as she said that.<br/>
 <br/>
「――Because we are adventurers. If I don’t take the risk right here, then I wouldn’t be an adventurer!!!!」(Misha)<br/>
 <br/>
The adventurers are cheering at her outcry.<br/>
 <br/>
「During the fight with the Flame Demon Lord, I’ve taken enough breaks! I’ll compensate it by working myself up-zo!」(Misha)<br/>
 <br/>
「「――――Ouu~!!」」 TN literally 「Yeah~!!」<br/>
 <br/>
In tired fashion, they grasp their weapon and begin an aria with their scarce magical power.<br/>
 <br/>
「……Why?」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
Hence, a battle without winning chances for the adventurers has begun.<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 