<br/>
 <br/>
Translator: Norva<br/>
Editor:Oscuras<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
The battle has begun.<br/>
 <br/>
I won’t expect any support from those adventurers from our rear. Because they should have used up all their strength in the fight against the flame dragon.<br/>
 <br/>
Truthfully, there should be casualties left during the attack of the flame dragon halfway up the volcano. However, there isn’t any casualty and it’s all thanks to Elfi who’s been greatly providing support till now.<br/>
It seems that until we reach the labyrinth deepest part, I can’t afford to let my guard down.<br/>
 <br/>
『――――――』<br/>
 <br/>
The Flame Demon Lord is roaring while swinging both of its arms around, for each time when the flames are being fired off, it will pour like rain from the overhead of Elfi and mine.<br/>
By exchanging looks with each other, I’ve jumped away from there in order to evade the rain of flame, as for the one that I can’t avoid, I’ll drop its power using the “Magic Usurpation” then cut it down using the Jade Longsword.<br/>
 <br/>
By simply directing her gaze at it, all the flames have vanished in front of Elfi.<br/>
If that’s the case, then I should do my part here, too.<br/>
 <br/>
The race of the Flame Demon Lord is known as the “Flame Giant” and according to its name, it is a giant made of flame magical power. Though, it’s a strong demon the weak point is obvious, too.<br/>
 <br/>
「The torrent of life, the maelstrom of drifting spirit. Overflowed, gathered, downpoured」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
I grasp some magic stones and start chanting an aria.<br/>
 <br/>
「――”Water Cannon” 」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
What I’ve used is a water attribute magic and it’s really convenient because I can enhance its strength by raising the quantity of magical power used.<br/>
With the magical power provided by the magic stone and the effect from the『Ring of Magical Strength』, the power of the shell is increased more than twofold.<br/>
 <br/>
『――――』<br/>
 <br/>
As for the Demon Lord which body is was made of flame, it showed an excessive reaction toward the bombardment of water.<br/>
Then its countering it by pouring its own power into the ground as pillars of flame were created in the line of fire of the “Water Cannon” and with such firepower and advantageous attribute , the “Water Cannon” has evaporated in an instant.<br/>
 <br/>
『AAaaaAAhhHH』<br/>
 <br/>
The Flame Demon Lord seems to have recognised me as a threat as it rushed at me while letting out a roar.<br/>
 <br/>
「……It seems to not have much intelligence」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
The Earth Demon Lord had the intelligence to understand human language, however, it seems to be different from this fellow as it regards only me as its target without minding Elfi which has moved behind it.<br/>
 <br/>
『RoOoAaaRrr!!』<br/>
 <br/>
As I look up to the attack that has been released by the giant, it was terribly wide in range as the released flame is split and flying over from multiple directions. Moreover, when I evade the fist coming down, the flames are gushing out from the surface of the ground that was leapt by me previously.<br/>
 <br/>
Anyway, it’s really bothersome.<br/>
 <br/>
「”Acceleration”」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
I enhance my agility, determined to devote myself in evasion.<br/>
I predict the next move of Flame Demon Lord by observing the movement of the arm and the flow of its magical power.<br/>
Dodge, dodge, dodge<br/>
 <br/>
「I’m done!」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
Along with Elfi’s voice, I’ve shot once more the “Water Cannon” toward the Flame Demon Lord which was swinging its arm around and at the moment when the Flame Demon Lord was about to raise its arm to prevent it, Elfi has invoked her demon eyes.<br/>
 <br/>
「――――」<br/>
 <br/>
The defenceless Flame Demon Lord is swallowed up by the explosion .<br/>
Meanwhile, I stand on the watch for Beltoga intervention, yet nothing happens.<br/>
Is that fellow not here?<br/>
or……<br/>
 <br/>
『RoOooAaaarR!!』<br/>
 <br/>
The Flame Demon Lord rushed out as it broke through the smoke.<br/>
With the inflicted damage the composition of flame on it body has become unstable.<br/>
 <br/>
「……As expected, it isn’t enough to defeat it, huh」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
If it were the common Flame Giant, that should’ve been able to defeat it by now.<br/>
 <br/>
The body of the Flame Demon Lord is trembling as the colour composition of its body is starting to change from red to blue then finally it changes into black.<br/>
 <br/>
I’ve moved to the distance where Elfi was in haste.<br/>
 <br/>
「……A black flame giant. It’s a rare species and it’s the first time I see one」(Elfi)<br/>
「How about the amount of its magical power?」(iori)<br/>
「Only for the quantity, that Earth Demon Lord should be inferior and I think it will be harder as of now」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
I look at the adventures.<br/>
Those bunch are still staying there in a state which made them unable to assist us.<br/>
 <br/>
「Its can’t be helped, huh. Elfi I’m counting on you」(Iori)<br/>
「…………」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
Elfi’s reaching her hand out to the『Bracelet of Disguise』<br/>
It is a magic item to conceals a race, she equipped it before we entered the hot spring city.<br/>
It has the effect of changing the magical power of a demon to the magical power of a human and while having it on, the wearer magic power will drop.<br/>
 <br/>
An intense magical power gushed out from Elfi who has taken off the bracelet and it isn’t at the level of a human.<br/>
It’s the magical power which had the characteristic of the Mazoku that make others skin to *PIRIPIRI* tingling.<br/>
 <br/>
「…… I wanted to avoid it if possible, you know」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
Elfi who is at her full power said that while frowning.<br/>
 <br/>
……Indeed.<br/>
Depending on the situation, we might need to massacre every single one of those adventurers.<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
◆<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
「Shit……what should we do……」<br/>
 <br/>
The majority of the gathered adventurers have fallen into despair as the Flame Demon Lord had appeared.<br/>
From the battle with the dragons, most of the adventures have used up all their magical power. Even if there was someone who barely had some magical power, it isn’t the quantity that made them worthy opponents to the Flame Demon Lord.<br/>
 <br/>
Above all, during the first blow from the Flame Demon Lord, most of the A rank adventurers who stood forward have fallen into a helpless state. Though by giving them a few of the remaining potions with precedence, their formation is still shaking.<br/>
 <br/>
They have fallen into a greater despair after a scene has unfolded before their eyes.<br/>
 <br/>
「……It’s a lie, right? Isn’t that a……Mazoku」<br/>
 <br/>
When they thought that they will win against the Flame Demon Lord, they saw the “Explosion Demon Eyes” user removing her bracelet which is a magic item, then what flowed out of her is the magical power of the Mazoku itself.<br/>
 <br/>
「For……Such Mazoku」<br/>
「Did she just deceive us?」<br/>
「Th-then that guy Iori that next to her is he actually a Mazoku too……」<br/>
 <br/>
The Mazoku is an enemy.<br/>
It’s an opponent they’re at war with and a detestable race that has killed numerous humans. The fact that one of them was next to them all along, its enough to make the adventurers turn pale.<br/>
 <br/>
「B-but……they’re fighting with the Flame Demon Lord-ze? What was their reason for doing that……」<br/>
「By any chance, are they our ally?」<br/>
「Then, after the Flame Demon Lord, is defeated, won’t we be killed next……!?」<br/>
 <br/>
Fear is mixed in their eyes when they look at both of them as a gloomy atmosphere began to gather.<br/>
 <br/>
「Calm down, haven’t both of them always helped us till now!」(Misha)<br/>
「Even so, they might have some hidden intention, right!?」<br/>
 <br/>
Like “Suspicion will raise bogies” the adventurers are denying the words of Misha. *TN Once you become suspicious, everything is suspicious. And thus, a doubtful mind creates it’s own devils and sets itself up for failure. Not a good thing.<br/>
 <br/>
Misha herself was surprised at Elfi’s true identity, too.<br/>
It never crosses her mind that she* might be a Mazoku. *TN Elfi<br/>
 <br/>
「Before it’s too late, how about attacking both of them all together with the Flame Demon Lord! While they are preoccupied with each other, it’s possible to kill either of them!」<br/>
 <br/>
Finally, it was the man that wore full face helmet the one who gave such suggestion. Still, there’s no one approving such proposal and while both of their conditions are rapidly turning to worse.<br/>
 <br/>
In the end, it was concluded.<br/>
 <br/>
『Let’s leave those two behind, while we escape from this place』<br/>
 <br/>
In a state of being worn out, it’ll be hard to get out of the labyrinth alive. However, it was a better choice than staying here. Such a decision is made, it was during the time when the adventurers were going to escape.<br/>
 <br/>
『――――!!』<br/>
 <br/>
The Flame Demon Lord suddenly changed its target. Instantly, it has unleashed a jet black shell toward the back of the escaping adventurers with its dazzling heat capacity and it was the moment when the adventurers have opened their eyes wide in surprise, suddenly.<br/>
 <br/>
「――”Heavy collapse”」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
The shell is being knocked off to the ground as its being pulled down by the gravity and it was done by the Mazoku who had once used the “Explosion” itself.<br/>
She’s using her demon eyes to save them who almost received an attack.<br/>
 <br/>
「Just now……she」<br/>
「Has saved us……right?」<br/>
 <br/>
In the situation where they are being helped by the Mazoku, the adventurers stopped their movements.<br/>
 <br/>
If they had the intention to take their lives, it won’t be necessary to protect the place where they were right now and it would be better to let them die without trying to help them.<br/>
 <br/>
「Isn’t she a Mazoku……Why did she do that?」<br/>
 <br/>
Is muttered by one of the adventurers as his question wasn’t answered by anyone.<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
◆<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
……we’re in disadvantage.<br/>
 <br/>
Approximately several minutes have passed since we had begun fighting against the Flame Demon Lord and if it proceeds as I’ve been expected, Elfi should already have invoked her demon eyes with her full power. However, she has to expense her magical power by invoking her demon eyes to protect those adventures who were about to escape.<br/>
 <br/>
Tsk! that Elfi……<br/>
 <br/>
『RoOooAaaarR!!』<br/>
 <br/>
After seeing the attack of Elfi’s demon eyes, it would perceive that she was dangerous.<br/>
As the Flame Demon Lord gradually narrows down its aim to Elfi.<br/>
I saw that Elfi showed has piled up some fatigue just by looking at her face and when she was about to defend against the Flame Demon Lord. Then<br/>
 <br/>
「――Hah」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
Hence, the approaching Flame Demon Lord has changed its aim from Elfi to me.<br/>
I dodge the blow from it stout arm which fell from above me and if I’m going to counter it, It will be repelled by those black flame.<br/>
It’s pretty hard.<br/>
 <br/>
Even so, I didn’t slow down with my attack as I slashed it repeatedly using the Jade Longsword. In the middle of it, I began chanting an aria and fired the “Water Cannon” right into the face of the Flame Demon Lord.<br/>
 <br/>
In that single shot, I’ve put all of my might, as the Flame Demon Lord leans back greatly after receiving that blow.<br/>
Because the water itself was its weakness and I’ve fired it directly into its face which its a vital point, however, it was to the degree to be taken aback by it……<br/>
 <br/>
While I’m in amazed at its hardness, I make my next move.<br/>
Toward the stumbled Flame Demon Lord, I’ve thrown two Magic Stone at it.<br/>
Simultaneous, the Flame Demon Lord is being swallowed up by the explosion of the “Magic Break” right after I’ve taken my distance by back stepping.<br/>
 <br/>
『Roo……AaaRr!!』<br/>
 <br/>
The Flame Demon Lord which jumped out from the smoke is still in good condition itself.<br/>
Nevertheless, it shouldn’t be uninjured.<br/>
 <br/>
Unlike the Cave Dragon, the Flame Giant body is made from raw magical power itself and no matter how hard it was, it should inflict some damage after being attacked by magical power.<br/>
 <br/>
The damaged Flame Demon Lord is once again focusing its attack on me and just by approaching the Flame Demon Lord, my skin would be roasted from its extreme heat.<br/>
I felt that my physical strength is lost at every single moment although I’ve been protecting myself with magical power.<br/>
Until Elfi invoked her Demon Eyes, I have no other choice but to overdo it, huh.<br/>
 <br/>
「”Acceleration”」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
It’s a magic to increase the agility. Though I raise my movement up one level, The massive figure of the Flame Demon Lord still catches up to me.<br/>
Therefore, I’ll need to raise my speed even more.<br/>
 <br/>
「”Two folds Acceleration”」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
My whole body feels creaked.<br/>
Just by raising my agility, it would impose a burden on my body.<br/>
As my bones and muscle are screaming from such excessive movement.<br/>
 <br/>
「UOooOOoooo!!」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
Thus, by such unreasonable movement, I have been leading around the Flame Demon Lord by the nose.<br/>
I cut it with my Jade Longsword from all sides, and its accompanied with shots of “Water Cannon” at the back of its head.<br/>
In response to that, the Flame Demon Lord fired its magic in desperation in an attempt to seize me.<br/>
 <br/>
I’ve Dodged it, cut it, dodged it, cut it, cut it, cut it.<br/>
 <br/>
「Kuh……」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
I continued to keep attacking the Flame Demon Lord while vomiting blood.<br/>
The Flame Demon Lord becomes impatient as it seem to be using a large-scale magic, after it was unable to catch up with my speed.<br/>
While doing the calculation, either the adventurers are going to betray us, I won’t let off my guard as I’m vigilantly looking for Beltoga appearance who doesn’t come in sight.<br/>
My brain felt like it was about to be burned out.<br/>
 <br/>
「Move asi――」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
That’s the end.<br/>
Elfi which was going to use her magical power in full throttle, send her signal to me.<br/>
 <br/>
「Just shoot it~!!」(Iori)<br/>
「――――!!」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
The next moment, my view was dyed with crimson red.<br/>
The body of the Flame Demon Lord exploded after receiving the hits from the Demon Eyes.<br/>
The blast from the explosion reaches me who jumped away using a back step.<br/>
 <br/>
「――”Magic Break Suppression”」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
Even with my current magical power, I’m able to employ a shield.<br/>
I invoke it, while simultaneously consuming an entire magic stone and majority of my internal magical power, while the Magic Break Suppression has perfectly prevented the blast shockwave.<br/>
 <br/>
The Flame Demon Lord which lost most of its body falls down on the ground.<br/>
As the flame vanishes, the black flesh is exposed beneath it.<br/>
 <br/>
『――――――』<br/>
 <br/>
It let out an earsplitting scream at its death in agony.<br/>
The Flame Demon Lord died, after it leaves an unpleasant cry that seems to be calling out for something.<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
◆<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
The Flame Demon Lord has been defeated.<br/>
However, Beltoga didn’t come out.<br/>
What’s going on?<br/>
On earth what is that bastard up to?<br/>
 <br/>
I survey the surroundings in vigilance, yet there’s no figure of that bastard.<br/>
What’s here is Elfi and only the adventurers who are huddle together in the vicinity of the room entrance.<br/>
So, Beltoga wasn’t here?<br/>
 <br/>
The instant I stopped paying attention.<br/>
 <br/>
『GIiiiiiiiiIIIiiiiiiiIIIIiiiiiiiiiiiiii~~~!!』<br/>
 <br/>
From the stream of flowing magma on the most inner part of the room.<br/>
A flame dragon jumped out while raising a high-pitched cry.<br/>
 <br/>
「There’s some left?……!!」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
Because of the “Two folds Acceleration” the consumption of my physical strength is intense.<br/>
With my remaining strength, it would be hard to deal with the Flame Dragon.<br/>
 <br/>
The flame dragon opens its mouth as its about to release a breath.<br/>
It’s inevitable.<br/>
It was the time when I was about to put myself on guard against the incoming ambush.<br/>
 <br/>
「……RELEASE」<br/>
 <br/>
*GOTON*, I’ve heard a sound of something falling into the ground. *TN SFX for a light, semi-muffled clattering sound.<br/>
Looking back, it was an unknown man that has risen up.<br/>
It’s not Beltoga.<br/>
 <br/>
However, the armour which falls into the ground is the person who always trying to pick a quarrel with both of us from back then.<br/>
 <br/>
Helmet, gauntlets, armour, everything was removed as that man hold his large sword.<br/>
 <br/>
「……it will last for thirty-second, huh」<br/>
 <br/>
At the moment he muttered that his magical power blew violently.<br/>
 <br/>
「Wha……」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
He made a great leap after his steps have smashed his footing on the ground.<br/>
Before him was a Flame Dragon that was about to release its breath.<br/>
The instant when the Flame Dragon was going to change its aim toward the approaching man.<br/>
 <br/>
「RAaaaAAA!!」<br/>
 <br/>
That man large sword has bisected the flame dragon and as the flame dragon was cut in two, its fresh blood scattered and fell to the ground.<br/>
That man landed on the ground, delayed after the falling corpse.<br/>
 <br/>
Silence visits the room.<br/>
There was already no sign of the demon anymore.<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
◆<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
While letting a rough breath, that man turns his gaze this way.<br/>
As the adventurers come towards us, too.<br/>
 <br/>
「…………」<br/>
 <br/>
In response to it, I’ve prepared myself to make my move. Apparently, it seems that man has some strength left. From the rest of the adventurers, there should be someone that still able to fight.<br/>
 <br/>
「Elfi」(Iori)<br/>
「…………」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
It has been known by those adventurers that Elfi was a Mazoku and that’s why I can’t trust any of them.<br/>
It’ll become troublesome if its being leaked outside. Then, if I want to deal with it, I need to deal with them right now.<br/>
 <br/>
While I am raising my precaution, one of the adventurers opened his mouth.<br/>
 <br/>
「――You’ve saved us-ze. Thanks」<br/>
 <br/>
Hah……?<br/>
 <br/>
While still taken aback by that, the rest of the adventurers continue it with their words, too.<br/>
 <br/>
「Both of you were unbelievable-yo! I’ve never thought that the Flame Demon Lord will be defeated-yo!」<br/>
「Oi, you’re Iori, right!? That movement of yours was amazing-ze!」<br/>
「”Explosion”! was really cool! I’ve been charmed by it!」<br/>
 <br/>
We’re being struck by the words of thanks.<br/>
Everyone calls out to us in a favourable manner.<br/>
There’s no hostility.<br/>
 <br/>
「What had hap……」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
They should have understood that Elfi is a Mazoku.<br/>
Then, why didn’t they attack?<br/>
Aren’t they attacking? Because they could throw away the favour of being protected and earn money by capturing a Mazoku.<br/>
 <br/>
「It seem that you have done it without dirtying your hands-na」<br/>
「W-well……」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
While I was puzzled, the man from back then approached us.<br/>
That’s right.<br/>
Until now, this fellow picked a quarrel with us badly.<br/>
Exposing his true character here, he should be going to attack us.<br/>
 <br/>
「As for anything that happened till now, it was my bad~na」<br/>
 <br/>
As he thought so, the man bowed his head to us.<br/>
 <br/>
「And, I’m sorry for my lateness to provide you with my assistance. I have fainted from the hit of that giant」<br/>
「Fumu……So you got Magic Discharge Illness, huh」(Elfi) *TN Fumu=Hmph<br/>
 <br/>
Elfi said that after she looked at that man.<br/>
 <br/>
Magic Discharge Illness.<br/>
 <br/>
It’s a rare illness that appears to someone that possess numerous magical powers. Its said that they will always discharge their magical power from their body.<br/>
 <br/>
「Yeah. That’s why I must wear armour to suppress my magical power and if I remove it, I can only fight for around a few dozens of seconds」<br/>
 <br/>
While saying that, he equipped the armour on his body again.<br/>
 <br/>
「…………」<br/>
 <br/>
Everyone here is not hostile toward us.<br/>
The adventurers are flocking around Elfi, albeit they knew that she’s a Mazoku.<br/>
“You’re in the way” as Elfi gets flustered.<br/>
 <br/>
「Good grief……What’s with all of them」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
Elfi returned back.<br/>
 <br/>
After that man attached his armour「It’s my bad-na」he apologised once again.<br/>
 <br/>
The man name seems to be Solkin.<br/>
An A-rank adventurer.<br/>
 <br/>
「I was unable to tolerate kids fighting by all means」(Solkin)<br/>
 <br/>
So he began to talk.<br/>
He seems to have two children and those children seemed to become adventurers as they yearn after Solkin.<br/>
 <br/>
「……What happened?」(Iori)<br/>
「……Died. Both of them」(Solkin)<br/>
 <br/>
As he said it with a regretful expression showing on his face.<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
「Thats why when I saw someone around their age, I will stop them from becoming an adventurer by all means. However……I was wrong and I’m sorry for everything that had happened」(Solkin)<br/>
 <br/>
Solkin lowered his head deeply.<br/>
It was the time when I was about to open my mouth.<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
「――if it’s the case, just go to where those children were at once-yo」<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
I heard a *ZUGAN* sound. *TN SFX that create by metal being struck by something.<br/>
Before long, Solkin who stood before me has vanished.<br/>
Thus, Elfi takes the initiative by thrusting herself.<br/>
 <br/>
「……!?」<br/>
 <br/>
On the spur of the moment., Elfi has caught Solkin who got blown away.<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
The metal rod clad in flames was swung down at Elfi who got her movement stopped. Both Solkin and Elfi make an unpleasant crushing sound as both of them crash into the wall.<br/>
 <br/>
「What are you trying to do……」<br/>
 <br/>
The one who had picked an attack with those two was the adventurer who wore a full-faced helmet.<br/>
While the surrounding adventurers are letting out shocked voices.<br/>
 <br/>
Then the man took off his helmet.<br/>
At that instant, *BAKIBAKI* cracking sound produced while his body transformed.<br/>
 <br/>
「I have used the『Humanisation Armour』and it’s an extremely rare magical item-na. That’s why no one had noticed it-ze」<br/>
 <br/>
It’s a man whose beyond 3 meters tall.<br/>
With dark skin, a rock alike muscle and horn which grew on his head.<br/>
 <br/>
「Yo, it’s been a while――Amatsu~」<br/>
 <br/>
Finally.<br/>
 <br/>
The betrayer who poisoned me back then.<br/>
 <br/>
Beltoga is before me.<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
TN  Please feel free to comment if you have any thoughts, comments or typo error that you had noticed. Thank you.<br/>
Oh! One more, if you noticed it, that I’ve been starting using -Ze, -Zo, -Na at the end of the conversation, actually to preserve the identity of each character similar from the raw. By the way, if there’s any objection to it, just comments it. That’s all.<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 