<br/>
Hi, this is the second release for this week. Enjoy <br/>
Translator:Norva<br/>
Editor:Oscuras<br/>
I had Elfi turn the corpses of Merwin and others into a cinder.<br/>
It can’t be helped that the smell of blood and burnt meat have stayed in the basement.<br/>
Just in case, both of us had completely got rid of our smell, camouflaging it by rubbing some oil on ourselves because there are demi-humans that have a keen sense of smell.<br/>
Because I have disposed of a number of people, it would become a problem as they will be treated as missing people for a while.<br/>
We leave no evidence behind and as long they didn’t probe into our memories, no one should find out that we did it.<br/>
「 Which reminds me, was there a hidden passage on that wall? 」(Iori)<br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/>
                        Thank you for submitting the report!<br/>
                    <br/>
Seen ad many times<br/>
Not relevant<br/>
Offensive<br/>
Covers content<br/>
Broken<br/>
Report this adIt is the place where Merwin was going to run away to.<br/>
There may be something further down.<br/>
A pathway large enough for a person appeared after I pour my magical power into it<br/>
I’ll advance ahead after I isolate my presence.<br/>
Like any normal escape route, it leads outside.<br/>
Simple metastasis formations with each of them connected to the outside are laid out in several rooms.<br/>
This hidden underground passage and all those devices that he used, he really spent a considerable sum of money on all of these.<br/>
Inside the room, there was a spot where a magic barrier is being set up.<br/>
I break the magic barrier and enter inside.<br/>
「  It is like a study room……in here  」(Iori)<br/>
「  So the one above is just a camouflage, huh? 」(Elfi)<br/>
The chair, table and the decorated furniture being used look like it would cost a considerable amount of money.<br/>
When I browse and search the documents placed on the desk, the shady works that Merwin did were written in it.<br/>
The fact that he’s connected with the national council seems to be true because there are also several things that show his involvement in it.<br/>
「 Fumu, it’s really pitch black. If this document is brought to light it would cause an uproar 」(Elfi)<br/>
If I found this evidence earlier and have scattered it around, Merwin might lose his standing. There was a scenario where he…… falls into ruin, too. By reading it now, it would be useless because I already achieved my revenge.<br/>
It will be fine if I leave it alone.<br/>
「 Hmm……」(Elfi)<br/>
Elfi is looking through the blank notepaper placed on the desk.<br/>
Because there was nothing in particular that piqued my interest, I decided to search through another place.<br/>
「 As expected, he amassed a great amount of it  」(Iori)<br/>
When I open the safe with magic, there are magic stones in it.<br/>
It isn’t the one sized like a fist which I have but it is about the size of a small pebble.<br/>
Even so, it should become a considerable amount of money if I realise it.<br/>
I’ve stolen quite an amount of money from the Kingdom already and for the moment money isn’t something necessary for me.<br/>
「……Ah! That’s right  」(Iori)<br/>
I throw the magic stones into my pouch after a way to use it has come into my mind.<br/>
Because of what he did, I’ll make him take responsibility by using his money.<br/>
Then during several minutes when I search through the room, there was nothing particular that had piqued my interest in this room.<br/>
He said that he was connected to the Maou forces, but there is nothing particular related to it.<br/>
It was the time when I was done with searching through the room.<br/>
「 Iori come here 」(Elfi)<br/>
Unaware that Elfi has invoked her Demon Eyes, she called me while holding the blank notepaper in her hand.<br/>
For some reason, she had a serious look on her face.<br/>
「 Is there something wrong? 」(Iori)<br/>
「 I’ve felt some magical power from this notepaper and when I see it using “Demon Eyes examination” there was complex seal used on it 」(Elfi)<br/>
By a glance, it looks just like some ordinary notepaper.<br/>
However, now that she mentions it. It’s certainly giving some uncomfortable feeling.<br/>
The real nature of this uneasiness seems to be magic.<br/>
「 Could you read it? 」(Iori)<br/>
「 Yes. What was written in it seems to be related to you, too 」(Elfi)<br/>
After she said so, Elfi began to read the letter.<br/>
When the contents are summarised, it’ll be something like this.<br/>
Somehow the “Hero Amatsu” is still alive and in addition I’m gonna side with the Mazoku and kill him. <br/>
Because he might bring damage to the Maou forces if he’s being left alone, that’s why I will dispose of him myself and I want you to convey my deeds to Ortegia.<br/>
Then as evidence, I’ll pass his corpse to you once we meet personally.<br/>
I’ll be sending my messenger to you.<br/>
The name of the recipient of the letter appeared only once in the sentence.<br/>
「 His name is  『 Beltoga  』 and it seems to be an underling of the Maou force coming to this town, huh  」(Elfi)<br/>
When I heard that name, I held my breath.<br/>
「  Nevertheless, that wolf beastman really intended to kill us from the very beginning. Good grief, they really underestimate us……Iori what’s wrong?  」(Elfi)<br/>
「 I probably know that man called Beltoga  」(Iori)<br/>
「  What did you say?  」(Elfi)<br/>
In those Onizoku, there was the man with the same name.<br/>
It was a subordinate of Dionis, that I’ve talked with just before the last decisive battle.<br/>
After that ――.<br/>
「 He’s one of the betrayers who I saw in the memory of Luser  」(Iori)<br/>
Perhaps, it’s just some Mazoku with a similar name and that Onizoku might be a totally different person.<br/>
「 But if he was that person himself, I will certainly kill him 」(Iori)<br/>
This Beltoga should probably still be somewhere in this town.<br/>
There is also a possibility that he’s in the Labyrinth of Purgatory.<br/>
Probably he’s going to protect the labyrinth together with the Flame Demon Lord because currently the subjugation force is being assembled.<br/>
「 Elfi, let’s go. It’s about time we get out of here  」(Iori)<br/>
I’ve obtained my vengeance.<br/>
In addition, I even got the clue to my next target.<br/>
I couldn’t ask for more because it’s already bearing fruit.<br/>
「 Uh-huh, I understand  」(Elfi)<br/>
We left the mansion of Merwin under the cover of darkness,  the same way when we came.<br/>
◆<br/>
One day has passed after the Blacksmith was burnt down.<br/>
When the sun has begun to rise.<br/>
A mage came over to Zoorutsu sickroom where he was being hospitalised for his serious burns.<br/>
It is a prominent healer in the Hot Spring City.<br/>
The healer has some considerable ability and to acquire his/her service will cost a considerable amount of money.<br/>
Misha which snuggled up to Zoorutsu told the healer that she couldn’t afford to pay the remuneration.<br/>
However, the Healer shook his/her head and answered  「 I already got the money by payment in advance  」.<br/>
In the end, the healer performed the treatment on Zoorutsu in the presence of Misha.<br/>
The severe wounds due to the burn can’t be healed just by some Intermediate Healing Magic.<br/>
Just as it is, the aftereffects would remain.<br/>
However, this healer can use up to the Advanced Healing Magic<br/>
By chanting a long aria, the healer invoked Healing Magic.<br/>
Light pours into the part wrapped by the bandage and heal the burn.<br/>
After that.<br/>
In just several minutes, the wounds of Zoorutsu have been approximately completely cured.<br/>
As for the doctor who saw the wound, it’s to the extent that he guaranteed that Zoorutsu can be  discharged from hospital whenever he wants.<br/>
Misha bowed her head to the healer many times as she showed her gratitude to him/her.<br/>
「 Who on earth paid the money?  」(Misha)<br/>
The healer answered the question in this way.<br/>
「 It is the duo of raven-black haired boy and the girl with silver hair 」(Healer)<br/>
Misha which saw off the healer was left is in utter amazement.<br/>
She let out a relieved breath after she looked at Zoorutsu that was currently sleeping peacefully unlike earlier.<br/>
「……Hmm?  」(Misha)<br/>
Then, she noticed that there’s a leather bag which wasn’t there till then is placed beside the pillow of Zoorutsu.<br/>
When she took it in her hand to inspect it, the weight is being transmitted to her hand.<br/>
「 This is……」(Misha)<br/>
What was inside is a great amount of gold coins and a letter which says   「  Please repair the store with this  」<br/>
◆<br/>
「 With this our job here is done  」(Iori)<br/>
We watched the healer as he/she left the hospital.<br/>
If it is that healer, then Zoorutsu will be all right.<br/>
After exiting the mansion of Merwin , we have been looking and applied a request for a healer that could heal the wounds of Zoorutsu.<br/>
I paid the request using the share of magic stone which I turned into money.<br/>
Then, I left all the remaining money in Zoorutsu’s room.<br/>
With all that, he may rebuild his Blacksmith’s.<br/>
After all, the main cause of the fire that burned down the blacksmith has something to do with me too.<br/>
What I did is no more or less than to recompensate for it.<br/>
Moreover, I won’t have any problem with it because all of that was Merwin’s money after all, that fellow has most of the responsibility in all of this.<br/>
Yet, there’s plenty of things that remain to be done in this town but the matter related to Merwin has reached its conclusion.<br/>
「…… For the time being, Shall we return to the inn? I’m sleepy  」(Iori)<br/>
「 I’m hungry. Let’s go back and have something to eat  」(Elfi)<br/>
Thus we bought some food and returned to the inn.<br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 