<br/>
Editor:Oscuras<br/>
The Burukania Federation.<br/>
Its made of a small and weak countries on the west part of the Leytesha that unite under one banner.<br/>
It adopted the parliamentary system where the representative of each state discusses the national related matters in an open parliament.<br/>
Not only humans but there are a lot of demi-humans that reside in this city.<br/>
While there are many countries that do not welcome the demi-humans, for the Federation it’s probably a normal sight.<br/>
However, the Mazoku isn’t welcomed here.<br/>
「  Because there are people, don’t take off that bracelet, okay?  」(Iori)<br/>
「  I get it, it can’t be helped that I need to hide my magical power, right  」(Elfi)<br/>
Currently, on Elfi’s arm, there’s a magic item known as『  Bracelet of Disguise   』.<br/>
Its a bracelet capable of disguising Mazoku magical power into that of humans.<br/>
It’s been took out from Elfi’s head for her to use just before entering the Federation.<br/>
By doing so, it enables Elfi to hide her true identity before we head toward the Federation.<br/>
「  Still, it really is a lively country to the extent of making one think that there is no labyrinth near it 」(Elfi)<br/>
Elfi muttered that right after she saw a lot of people walking in the city.<br/>
It really is a big city although there’s the Labyrinth of Purgatory at the foot of the volcano, huh.<br/>
Because there’s a hot spring excavated here, its also being known as 『The Hot Spring City  』<br/>
Its said that a lot of people come here only because of the hot spring.<br/>
In addition to that, there’s an association known as  the  『  Adventurer Guild  』  here.<br/>
There a lot of people that come here from other countries to register and be an adventurer, because of that there are plenty capable persons gathered in this city.<br/>
「  It became more lively than thirty years ago  」(Iori)<br/>
The population should’ve increased too during those thirty years.<br/>
Even during my journey days, I’ve come over to this city with my companions to rest.<br/>
The cityscape sure has changed and there’s no trace of its former self.<br/>
「――――」<br/>
While reminiscing that false calmness, I’ve recalled my current objective.<br/>
There are two things that I need to do in this city.<br/>
My first objective is to clear the Labyrinth of Purgatory and obtain the 【Labyrinth Core  】. The second objective is to find those traitors and extract my revenge.<br/>
I’ve already told Elfi that there’s a target of my revenge in this city.<br/>
If she uses her demon eyes, it should be easier to figure their numbers.<br/>
First of all, to achieve my goals I need to make proper preparations.<br/>
◆<br/>
Along the way, we saw a lot of tourists scattering around the line up to a street stall area till we reached the part where lots of adventurers gather.<br/>
The armour, blacksmith and item shop that were in a row came to my sight.<br/>
The main reason why I’ve come here is to prepare my equipment.<br/>
Aside from Elfi, it is necessary for me to prepare the best equipment to make up for my current weakness.<br/>
Because I have the highest quality material known as Earth Demon Lord’s  『  Demon crystal  』and I want to make a weapon with it.<br/>
Due to that, we had some business with the blacksmith.<br/>
In the middle of my walk “Weapons, Protective Gear and Smithing” signboard came to my view.<br/>
According to store signboard, it seems that they also buy the demon parts and the magic stones.<br/>
The bell made a *KARANKARAN* sound when I opened the door.<br/>
As I entered the shop I saw a line up of weapons and armours.<br/>
The counter is far from the entrance and there’s a room for smithing in the deepest part of the shop.<br/>
It seems that the door is build using the sound proof material to ensure that no sound can slip trough it.<br/>
「  Welcome-nyaa   ー!」<br/>
The shop assistant in uniform greeted us energetically after appearing from the door that connects to the inner part of the shop.<br/>
On her head, there’s something that looks like cat ears attached, when she was running it was “FUNYAFUNYA* swaying.<br/>
Somehow it seems that the shop assistant was from the “cat beastman”.<br/>
We made our way to the counter as I wanted to make an order.<br/>
「 Is it okay for me to make a request of smithing? Because I want to make a sword from the material obtained from a demon  」(Iori)<br/>
「  Then, could you please show me the material-nya~ 」<br/>
「  Elfi, take it out 」(Iori)<br/>
After all, the  『Demon crystal  』 was stored inside Elfi’s head.<br/>
The reason is because this fellow head can store more that my pouch could.<br/>
「  Got it  」(Elfi)<br/>
「  Nyaa~!?」<br/>
Thus Elfi trusted her hand into the head as she “DOSADOSA” unload materials that I stripped from the Earth Demon Lord on the counter.<br/>
Then the ears of the shop assistant “PIN” raised up with her shocked expression showing on her face.<br/>
I’m sorry for showing something unsightly.<br/>
「  Nya, th-then please wait for a moment-nya~」<br/>
After she verified the materials with a cramped expression on her face, the shop assistant withdrew toward the door that connects the inner part of the store.<br/>
「……Whats with that expression, it seem that she saw a ghost  」(Elfi)<br/>
「  Of course she is   」(Iori)<br/>
「  I don’t get it……」(Elfi)<br/>
Right after we finished our talk, a different shop assistant from before came out from the door.<br/>
It was an old man with a cranky face and attached to his white-haired head were goggles for smithing use.<br/>
「  The Cave Dragon material is it」<br/>
Just by glancing at the material on the counter once the old man was able to guess it right.<br/>
「  So its a request to make a sword, huh. That fine. It will be done in a few days」<br/>
Afterward I was asked about my height, weight and even about postures/stances that I use and I’ve replied at everything that he asked.<br/>
Meanwhile, Elfi *BETABETA* touched the displayed shield and sword and due to that she was being yelled at by the old man.<br/>
「  Nyanmel. Go buy the materials written here as these are necessary things to create the sword  」<br/>
「  Okay-nyaa  ー」(Nyanmel)<br/>
It seem that shop assistant name is Nyanmel. T/N or *Nyanmeru<br/>
She left the shop after the old man handed her the memo.<br/>
「 Anyway you will come here before the Labyrinth subjugation, right. I’ll get it ready on that day」<br/>
After mentioning it, the old man moved toward the inner part of the store.<br/>
It is probably the usual quirk of a craftsman, huh.<br/>
Somehow, it reminded me of the dwarven blacksmiths.<br/>
「  Mu……whats with that human. Such a conceited fellow!  」(Elfi)<br/>
「   Geez, look who’s talking  」(Iori)<br/>
Anyway, the smiting request for a weapon has ended. Until the sword request is done, I will be using the sword that I took from the treasure storage. It’s because this is also an excellent sword.<br/>
After exiting the blacksmith’s shop we continued our walk.<br/>
As always the street is crowded with lots of people.<br/>
「  Next let’s head to the Adventurer Guild  」(Iori)<br/>
「  So we really need to register as an adventurer, right?  」(Elfi)<br/>
「  Yeah, Its necessary to become an adventurer in order to enter the labyrinth 」(Iori)<br/>
If the adventurer doesn’t go to the Labyrinth of Purgatory it becomes their duty to protect the safety of the civilians.<br/>
Usually, there’s already the barrier and vigilance for that too.<br/>
Concerning the circumstances around here, I’ve already investigated it in the Kingdom archive.<br/>
Limited access to the labyrinth was more vague thirty years ago.<br/>
「……besides if there are lots of people gathered at the guild, it will be easier to gather the information about that man  」(Iori)<br/>
「  I see  」(Elfi)<br/>
We go toward the direction of the adventurers guild,as we walk through the crowds.<br/>
On the side of the road, there are stalls for attracting tourists and it’s probably the reason why is so crowded.<br/>
「  To become an adventurer one must take an examination. If it’s you, you’ll probably be able to cope with  」(Iori)<br/>
「  ー  Iori stop  」(Elfi)<br/>
Suddenly Elfi stopped her steps.<br/>
Then she dragged me aside by pulling my left hand.<br/>
「……what is it?  」(Iori)<br/>
I’ve lowered my voice as I asked Elfi.<br/>
That’s impossible! Did she already find any leads regarding the traitor?<br/>
「 Geez, although a Hero you still don’t get it?  」(Elfi)<br/>
「……What?  」(Iori)<br/>
「  ー  Try to sharpen your five sense  」(Elfi)<br/>
Elfi said that toward the perplexed me.<br/>
Her gaze was extremely sharp as a blade’s edge that can even make every soul who saw it on the battlefield to tremble in fear.<br/>
Thus I move my sight where Elfi put her gaze.<br/>
What I saw were men lined up near the stall.<br/>
Somehow or another it seems to be adventurers and by a glance I understood that they put on considerably good equipment.<br/>
They surely did have a tense atmosphere around them.<br/>
Although it was a peaceful city and it seems to be a magnet that draws capable people.<br/>
Did Elfi react to that?<br/>
「  Those guys are surely strong, you see. I couldn’t stop both my sense of smell and sight that nailed it  」(Elfi)<br/>
「……huh, sense of smell?  」(Iori)<br/>
Is that her way to interpret that there’s something wrong?<br/>
Suddenly Elfi turns her head *NYARI* a grin appeared on her face.<br/>
「  Aah~, the famous Federation special cuisine that was known as  『 Volcano Roasting  』.<br/>
It kind of aroused my interest……I hope it will not disappoint me  」(Elfi)<br/>
Aah……so it is just about the food.<br/>
It’s not the adventurers but the farthest stall that caught her gaze, huh.<br/>
I’ve dropped my shoulders due to unnecessary exhaustion.<br/>
Elfi looked at me with a bewildered expression.<br/>
「 Whats with that look Iori. Its a steak full of meat juices and fresh vegetables, especially being grilled using the volcanic stone, you know? It can be eaten only in this Federation and it’s a supreme cuisine, you know?  」(Elfi)<br/>
「  Whats with that tense atmosphere just now and its all about food  」(Iori)<br/>
That reminds me,at the labyrinth and in the forest this fellow made racket  『 Make me a meal trice a day  』, 『  Call the chef  』.<br/>
In regard to her meals she really is a noisy one.<br/>
「  Well, put that tedious talk aside. First, let’s go to that stall to fill our stomachs ー」(Elfi)<br/>
「  No  」(Iori)<br/>
I grab Elfi’s garment to stop her.<br/>
Then she directed her grudgeful gaze toward me.<br/>
This fellow……<br/>
……It feels complicated when I recall that I fought desperately against her once.<br/>
As I was about to head toward the adventurer guild, I’ve been dragged reluctantly by “I want to go to that stall” Elfi.<br/>
Author: The traitors is about to appear.<br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 