<br/>
Editor:Oscuras<br/>
After leaving the Adventurers Guild we lodged at an adequate vacant inn.<br/>
It was an inn with a small bathhouse however Elfi threw a tantrum by saying   「  I prefer if it had a larger hot spring though  」<br/>
The next day.<br/>
After having our breakfast with extra charge, we went out of the inn.<br/>
Our examination result will be given tomorrow and my requested weapon is not ready yet. Moreover, there’s something that I want to do in this country.<br/>
The thing which has happened during those thirty years.<br/>
About the Labyrinth of Purgatory rebuilt by the Maou.<br/>
Isn’t there any information regarding Dionis and Lucifina?<br/>
Is there any information regarding my other betrayer?<br/>
There should be a place where I can investigate it.<br/>
By such reason is why I dragged along Elfi whose facinated by the stall and headed toward the library.<br/>
Along with our way I’ve noticed there’s a sparsely amount of the wolf beastman.<br/>
Those guys walking while proudly moving those thick arms of theirs, while people on the street seemed to be trying to avoid them.<br/>
「  Mu, such self-important bunch  」(Elfi)<br/>
「  You’re a fine one to talk!  」(Iori)<br/>
Not long after that we arrived at the library.<br/>
◆<br/>
After I pay our admission fee we advance inside.<br/>
Its stated in the notice that it is not allowed taking something out from here. Moreover, the smell of old paper drifts inside the premise too.<br/>
The silentness is to that to the extent it makes peoples think there’s no one inside.<br/>
It’s to the extent that the librarian himself is yawning.<br/>
From the shelves crammed with books, I took out the subject that’s related to my objectives.<br/>
Because there is something like a newspaper, I took at the one related with these past several years to my seat.<br/>
As Elfi said that she needs to look for something she headed away somewhere.<br/>
「  Then  」(Iori)<br/>
I start to read the book which I brought.<br/>
It seems that the Maou forces were inactive from the day I died till now.<br/>
Looks like the human forces were dissolved, from the Maou castle being rebuild and the five labyrinths that were partially destroyed there aren’t many events that occurred.<br/>
But recently it seems movement begins again.<br/>
Because of the damage received, mostly by the humans and demi-humans that lose their place and seem to migrate to the Federations.<br/>
As population increased the tourists seemed to be increasing too  ー<br/>
―― when I recall something.<br/>
I’ve once seen a lot of those with tear- stained faces,<br/>
「ーーー」(Iori)<br/>
At that moment, my ideal from back then comes to my mind.<br/>
I’ve shaken off those wasteful thoughts from my mind and continue to look over the newspaper.<br/>
As I expected, all the King Four Devas whom I annihilated seems to be replaced with new ones.<br/>
For the time being, it seemed there’s a Mazoku claiming itself with a name of “Distortion”.<br/>
And its stated that having been cornered by the human invaders, the Maou Castel received a partial destruction.<br/>
Unfortunately, there was no information related to Dionis and Lucifina.<br/>
But if I take into consideration those two capability its not possible if both of them become either the Four Heavenly Kings or the Demon Lord himself. T/N I’ve change King Four Devas to Four Heavenly King due to better naming sense.<br/>
There something not right regarding the “Distortion” after I put together the related information with it.<br/>
Regarding the Labyrinth of Purgatory, there wasn’t any new information particularly.<br/>
It seems like there’s no significant change from last time.<br/>
It looks like there’s no further information that could be found and I was done searching through the books when I took a glimpse at the newspaper.<br/>
My movement halted right after an article that came to my sight.<br/>
It looks like the Federation was being attacked by demons a few years ago.<br/>
As the adventurers resisted the attack they were gradually being driven to a corner.<br/>
At that moment, the wolf beastman came as reinforcements to help the humans.<br/>
At that time, the person who led the wolf beastmen was   ー<br/>
「  Hear this Iori!  」(Elfi)<br/>
Suddenly at that time, Elfi who was in her angry state *ZUKAZUKA* headed toward me.<br/>
「  Don’t raise your voice in a library, could you.<br/>
……so, whats the matter?  」(Iori)<br/>
「  You see, there’s a lot of books regarding Ortegia but why there’s no book about me at all !  」(Elfi)<br/>
That is, even me myself wouldn’t be aware a Maou like her existed at all.<br/>
Furthermore, she just became a Maou for a short time.<br/>
「 Even though it was just for a short time, but I can’t believe this. Even though, there’s plenty of thing that I do that can be published into books  」(Elfi)<br/>
「  Hee~, and what did you do?  」(Iori)<br/>
Aside from that character of her, her ability is reliable.<br/>
There should some praiseworthy deeds done by her, right?<br/>
「Like I’ve won against fellow mazoku in the tournament, like I was able to tame the rampaging dragon race and turn it into my pet, or about how I wrote special edition books about delicious human cuisine, anyway there’s a lot of deeds that I’ve done. Besides, there are various things accumalated inside my head such as my hobby to be aware of, you see」(Elfi)<br/>
「I guess that would be worldly-minded kind of stuff, right」(Iori)<br/>
Regarding the Maou Ortegia who committed all kinds of the tyranny, rather than  『 Elfisuzaku, Turning dragons into her pets and writing special edition books about delicious cuisine  』  of course nobody would write and record her deeds into books.<br/>
「……Muu  」(Elfi)<br/>
「  Leaving that aside  」(Iori)<br/>
I show a certain article from the newspaper to Elfi.<br/>
「……That is ?  」(Elfi)<br/>
「  It’s my target “That is”  」(Iori)<br/>
As expected there’s my target here.<br/>
「 Its just an undetailed article, his whereabouts are not being stated here  」(Iori)<br/>
「……I see  」(Elfi)<br/>
My information gathering has come to fruition.<br/>
After we were satisfied with the information we got, we left the library.<br/>
◆<br/>
I leave the library and walk down the street.<br/>
Because its still daytime there are a lot of people.<br/>
「……But, it appears that humans and demi-humans here are able to get along very well, huh  」(Elfi)<br/>
Such as the fairy races, the cat beastman and other races of demi-humans can be seen among the crowd, too.<br/>
When Elfi saw that, she began to talk while having a distanced look in her eyes.<br/>
「  Not just with the Mazoku, there’s alot of times when the demi-humans start to fight against humans as well. Sometime it even escalated into wars, too  」(Iori)<br/>
Certainly before, the humans weren’t fighting only with the Mazoku but with the demi-humans, too.<br/>
When I came here, both sides didn’t have time for it because of Maou force.<br/>
For Elfi who just now saw such a scene, it might look strange for her.<br/>
The demi-humans were able to get along very well in this country.<br/>
There should be a lot of troubles raising regarding differences in culture, even so they still have unity among themselves.<br/>
「 Considering that, this spectacle can’t be denied that it is something amazing though 」(Elfi)<br/>
―― Coexistence.<br/>
「ー  It is worthless  」(Iori)<br/>
Toward Elfi words I’ve muttered those words reflexively.<br/>
Unity and coexistence.<br/>
I’ve felt sick just by hearing those words.<br/>
Indeed, certainly, there’s such a thing as “unity”.<br/>
From the outward appearance of this city it probably seems to be peaceful.<br/>
Therefore, its just that.<br/>
Even when spending time together, either it’s human or demi-human and what kind of relation they had, in the end only betrayal awaits.<br/>
Because of one’s desire, they don’t hesitate to sacrifice their friends to fulfil it.<br/>
「……Iori  」(Elfi)<br/>
When Elfi seems to want to say something, right when she was about to open her mouth.<br/>
Suddenly not far from us, angry screams and a shriek could be heard.<br/>
「 It appears that something had happened  」(Iori)<br/>
「  Should we have a look?  」(Elfi)<br/>
We advance to the scene as we push our way through the crowd.<br/>
Before long we discovered the owner of those angry screams and shriek.<br/>
「 I-I’m sorry-nya……」<br/>
「 Do you thing that an apology is enough after bumping into me, HAH? It is still not enough sincerity, ya hear me  」<br/>
Right there was a cat beastman that had involved herself with a large build wolf beastman.<br/>
That cat beastman face turned pale while *GATAGATA* trembling in fear, but somehow I seem to recognise her face.<br/>
「 Thats the blacksmith’s shop assistant, is it  」(Iori)<br/>
If I am not mistaken her name was Nyamel of something ?<br/>
From the flow of the story, I conclude that Nyamel has bumped into that wolf beastman.<br/>
In addition, that wolf beastman is demanding money as an apology from that girl.<br/>
Although a woman is being entangled with such problem, the curious onlookers just watch it without any attempt at doing something to help her.<br/>
On the contrary, the women nearby just throw their annoying sights at her.<br/>
「 What did that woman think, trying to pick a fight with that wolf beastman……」<br/>
Such voices could be heard here and there.<br/>
Hearing those words the wolf beastman *NYARI* let out a broad grin.<br/>
「 Are you trying to defy us in this city? Anyone? 」<br/>
Toward that words, *ZOROZORO* all the other wolf beastman arrived.<br/>
「  Nya, Nyaa……」<br/>
Nyamel started to curl herself and was about to cry.<br/>
Despite that, people in this city do not interfere.<br/>
Although it turned into such an uproar, even a guard does not come over to handle it.<br/>
It appears that in this city the wolf beastman seem to be the ones running it.<br/>
Due to that they make it look as if Nyamel who got entangled with this farce was the one at fault.<br/>
「  This kind of attitude really makes us lose face. Should we make you pay with some painful experience? 」<br/>
「 Nya……」<br/>
Toward the frightened Nyamel the wolf beastman came closer to her.<br/>
It was in a state that no one can help her anymore.<br/>
「  What are you gonna do, Iori  」(Elfi)<br/>
「……I  won’t do anything. As the reason for me to help is……」(Iori)<br/>
Wait.<br/>
If I’m not mistaken there’s nobody that can help the old man with his work at that store other than this cat beastman, huh.<br/>
If she suffers some injury now, there’s a possibility that it would affect the production of my sword.<br/>
In the worst case, it will cause trouble for my incoming labyrinth subjugation.<br/>
「……but  」(Iori)<br/>
「 Iori ?  」(Elfi)<br/>
I let out a sigh as I stepped forward.<br/>
「……Oi, what do you want human ?  」<br/>
Ignoring the threat by the wolf beastman, I’ve pulled Nyamel and covered her behind me.<br/>
I don’t have the slightest concern with their problem, but it’ll trouble me if my sword production is delayed.<br/>
Because I want to quickly subjugate the labyrinth, so that I can begin to carry out my revenge.<br/>
「 Isn’t this enough already? She already apologized and there is no need to get harsh with her, right? 」(Iori)<br/>
「  Hah? You’re unrelated with this, human. Get lost!!  」<br/>
It seems that my word doesn’t go through.<br/>
Well then, what should I do?<br/>
Should I just let him have some painful experience?<br/>
At the time when the wolf beastman was about to lay his hands on me.<br/>
「ー  That’s enough. Stop such unsighly behavior in front of public eyes  」<br/>
When I heard that voice among the curious onlookers, the wolf beastman that threatened me became meekly at once.<br/>
「  P-please forgive me  」<br/>
As *KOTSUKOTSU* footsteps steadily resonated, a single wolf beastman comes over.<br/>
Just by looking at that wolf beastman all the other wolf beastman *PEKOPEKO* bow down their heads to him.<br/>
When I looked at the figure of the person who came over, I’ve opened my eyes wide unintentionally.<br/>
ー  ah!, I didn’t expect to come across you this quickly.<br/>
Because of that, I’ve covered my mouth to hide a smile that was about to appear on my face.<br/>
Wearing a well-starched suit that fits with his body, it was a nervous looking wolf beastman.<br/>
As he arranged his light brown coloured hair, a preciseness can be seen through from his clothes and hairstyle.<br/>
Ah~, finally.<br/>
Finally, I’ve found my first target.<br/>
The man who acted as the staff officer for the wolf beastman once.<br/>
The betrayer who cooperated to murder me for the sake of a reward.<br/>
ー Merwin Johannes.<br/>
My revenge target is right there.<br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 