<br/>
Editor:Oscuras<br/>
In those days when many nations such as the Kingdom and the Empire were forming an alliance to fight against the Maou force.<br/>
In this regard, the wolf beastmen choose to side with the humans.<br/>
Around the time after I’ve defeated three from the Four Heavenly Kings and subjugated the last labyrinth.<br/>
It was when I was fighting against the Maou forces led by one of Four Heavenly Kings known as the “Thousand Transformations”  *T/N if anyone could fine better translation for this  千変 ?<br/>
Our party was  lodging at the wolf beastman base.<br/>
During those occasions, I’ve been tricked by a man that belonged to the wolf beastman.<br/>
By using the “The Magic Suppressed Barrier” to suppress my magical power and the fragrance of paralysis to make my movements become dull, that lone wolf beastman attacked me in an attempt to capture me alive.<br/>
At that time I’ve used the  【  Magic Break Suppression  】 exceeded my limits and was finally able to seize him as he weakened.<br/>
And when I asked him why he did such a thing.<br/>
『 Its all because I was being controled by the  “Thousand Transformations” manipulation magic and currently my life is in the grasp of his hands. In order to live, I need to capture you alive  』<br/>
For the sake of protecting the Wolf beastman, I cannot let myself die in such a place. Therefore, that was the reason why I needed to capture you alive.<br/>
Is what the wolf beastman named Merwin Johannes said.<br/>
“Thousand Transformations” was a Mazoku able to use various types of magic and especially manipulation magic.<br/>
And Merwin was being manipulated and came to capture me.<br/>
As a result, I pretended to have been caught by Merwin and get closer to “Thousand Transformations” and together with my comrade I’ve succesfully subjugated him.<br/>
It ended up without any victims being made and that fact was a decisive victory for us.<br/>
Therefore I forgave Merwin.<br/>
“Because you were just being used by the “Thousand Transformations”, it was not your fault” is what I told him.<br/>
The matter of betrayal by Merwin who tried to sacrifice me for the sake of keeping his own life I’ve gotten that off my chest, due to his quick witted action we managed to take down the “Thousand Transformations”.<br/>
『 Amatsu-san. I’ll absolutely never forget that you saved me  』(Merwin)<br/>
Shedding a tear, Merwin said those words to me.<br/>
No matter what happens, I’ll absolutely help and lend you my power.<br/>
It was not long before I marched toward the Maou castle.<br/>
The military forces of the wolf beastman that were led by Merwin to support us who became the numerical inferiority from the overwhelming numbers of demons and Mazoku.<br/>
At that time Merwin said.<br/>
『 I’ll return those favor for saving me back then right now. After this war ends, let us create the peaceful world that all of you wish for  』(Merwin)<br/>
While he said that, I know his true feelings that I saw from the  『 Golden Sword of Probing  』<br/>
『”The Maou and Hero are just nuisances and both of them should disappear at the same time” as if I can say that, heh 』(Merwin)<br/>
Then he said to us,<br/>
『 Because there is Amatsu we won’t be able to have a peaceful life, ne~  』<br/>
Luser and others acted like they were unable to understand the meaning of those words, but I understand now.<br/>
That they just wanted to hide the betrayal that was coming.<br/>
For contribution in subjugating the “Thousand Transformations”, that man was treated as a hero of the wolf beastman.<br/>
That fellow wanted to kill me who might threaten that position of his.<br/>
From the very beginning that bastard never felt a thing such as favour.<br/>
He’s just all talk.<br/>
Probably, I’m sure I had the intention to become something like an RPG protagonist.<br/>
The people that had been helped by me will lend their help at the last decisive battle.<br/>
To develop such things, everything that I’ve done was not something wasteful and selfishly,I’ve expected all of that to be rewarded.<br/>
Worthless.<br/>
That’s how I feel from the bottom of my heart right now.<br/>
◆<br/>
「  I apologise on the behalf of my friends for the trouble that they caused  」(Merwin)<br/>
As those wolf beastman pulled back, Merwin lowered his head to me and Nyamel.<br/>
With a glance, it looks like a sincere attitude. The curious spectators  「 Such an admirable person  」 as they admired Merwin.<br/>
From this attitude and particularly the wolf beastman, Merwin individually seems to attract their trust to him.<br/>
「  The fact is that the wolf beastman had experinced being discriminated in the past. That’s why they became oversensitive from that. I’ll talk properly to them afterward, could you please forgive them for everything that they did just now?  」(Merwin)<br/>
With an apologetically polite tone Merwin said that.<br/>
The curious onlookers  「 To make Merwin-sama apologise, how…!  」,as usual, they throw their criticism gazes toward us.<br/>
「 O,okay-nya…… I understand-nya~  」(Nyamel)<br/>
「  Thank you very much  」(Merwin)<br/>
Merwin expressed his thanks with a pleasant smile on his face.<br/>
Then, he turned his sight toward me.<br/>
「 I’m really sorry for the troublesome that they caused to you. I’m really thankful to you that had kindly stopped my subordinate  」(Merwin)<br/>
After he apologised, with that smile on his face he approached me.<br/>
Right after he said  「 Thank you so much  」 once again to me.<br/>
He brought his face closer to my ear.<br/>
「 I don’t think you will be able to make a living in this town if you try to oppose us  」(Merwin)<br/>
Is what he whispered into my ears.<br/>
At a volume that only I heard, Merwin whispered that to me.<br/>
「――――」(Iori)<br/>
It didn’t surprise me at all.<br/>
Ah! I already knew it all along.<br/>
This was your true nature after all.<br/>
「  Then everyone please excuse us for the commotion that we caused  」(Merwin)<br/>
After saying that Merwin left by taking along those wolf beastman with him.<br/>
「……Are you okay?  」(Iori)<br/>
「 Y,yes-nya. Thank you for helping me-nya~  」(Nyamel)<br/>
It seems there’s no injury and the money for the errand was not  snatched away either.<br/>
With this, the material needed to produce the sword was being secured.<br/>
「……Iori. The one just now is? 」(Elfi)<br/>
「  Yeah  」(Iori)<br/>
One of my reasons to come over to this town is especially looking for that man.<br/>
But I’ve never though that we will have a sudden encounter in such downtown, huh.<br/>
It really saves me from the trouble of looking for him.<br/>
「 On that moment, when I thought that you were gonna kill that man right there I felt a chill  」(Elfi)<br/>
「 Actually I’ve considered that too. But if I just kill him, I won’t be satisfied by doing only that.<br/>
Besides if I kill him in front of the public eyes, then what I had prepared for him at the labyrinth will be meaningless 」(Iori)<br/>
I held down my boiling anger for the sake of future benefit.<br/>
Because it is not only that bastard that I want to retaliate against.<br/>
「……Nyamel! 」(Unknown)<br/>
At that moment, with a terribly panicked facial expression, a woman rushed over toward us.<br/>
It was a cat beastman with an eye patch on her right eye.<br/>
「 That cat beastman is… 」(Elfi)<br/>
An adventurer named Misha, the one that we met at the guild yesterday.<br/>
「……Onee-chan! 」(Nyamel)<br/>
As Misha rushed over to Nyamel, she embraced her.<br/>
「 I’ve rushed over after I heard that you got involved with the wolf beastman, are you hurt somewhere?  」(Misha)<br/>
「 I’m okay-nya……that man over there saved me-nya  」(Nyamel)<br/>
Misha seemed to have noticed my existence when the time comes.<br/>
After she separates from Nyamel that woman comes to bow her head to me.<br/>
「 Oh! It’s you guys the one that saved her…… I’m really thankful to you guys for taking good care of my little sister 」(Misha)<br/>
「 Nay……don’t mind it  」(Iori)<br/>
It was simply just for my own benefit.<br/>
Besides, I just received your help after being involved with those wolf beastman yesterday.<br/>
「……First of all, I really want to express my gratitude to you guys. Is it okay if we move to somewhere else first? 」(Misha)<br/>
Because there were some curious onlookers left around us.<br/>
To keep the conversation from being exposed to the surrounding gazes, we decided on moving to another place.<br/>
◆<br/>
Thereafter, we moved to the nearby restaurant and continued our conversation.<br/>
It appears that Misha and Nyamel were sisters.<br/>
In our conversation, I asked Misha if she knew something about Merwin.<br/>
「 Actually I’m also quite new to this town, I came here not long ago but 」(Misha)<br/>
With such introduction, Misha started to talk.<br/>
There was an incident that happened a few years ago, where the demons start to overflow from the labyrinth and exposed the Hot Spring City in danger.<br/>
During that time, Merwin who was leading the wolf beastman forces came to rescue the humans.<br/>
Ever since they settled down in the Federation.<br/>
Because of that incident, Merwin was being regarded as a Hero.<br/>
I’ve read that in the newspaper from the library because it was written in there.<br/>
Thats why I believed that Merwin is in this town.<br/>
「 After that, in this town not only the humans but various races gather here right? Just like us. Because there’s different customs, sometimes problems occur caused by it 」(Misha)<br/>
When that trouble goes out of control, with an intervention by Merwin those troubles are able to be suppressed.<br/>
There seems to have been a lot of rude wolf beastman which flowed through the town and Merwin was there to control them.<br/>
Therefore, Merwin existence is being appreciated by this town residence.<br/>
From the whole stories, in this town you should get involved with the wolf beastman or more specifically Merwin because it seemed there was a tacit agreement regarding that.<br/>
「 Just by hearing that it proves he was not a bad guy, but……Merwin influence is being misused by those wolf beastman to show off their authority in this town 」(Misha)<br/>
It seems that Merwin did not just won everyone respect but he possesses a lot of connection with various people.<br/>
Not only the Adventurer Guild top brass but even connection with the Federation parliment chairman, it appeares that in extrem cases if some incident occured he was able to crush anyone completely if he wanted to.<br/>
「 The guard didn’t come back then because of such a reason, huh  」(Iori)<br/>
「 Yeah. When it comes to something concerning the wolf beastman, the guard will not be able to do something. If they want to arrest someone, the other party will get aressted  」(Misha)<br/>
Now I get it.<br/>
Thats why those Adventurers said that the matter regarding the wolf beastman was something taboo, huh.<br/>
「 If there is something that troubles both of you. You can consult it with me. I will do what I can to help  」(Misha)<br/>
「……Understood  」(Iori)<br/>
To help……huh.<br/>
Leaving some ambiguous answer, we parted right after that.<br/>
◆<br/>
After that, we came back to our inn.<br/>
I’ve taken a breather after I dropped on my bed.<br/>
「  That wolf beastman named Merwin, it appears to be one quite a bothersome foe, huh  」(Elfi)<br/>
「  It doesn’t matter to me. I’ll hunt him down till I’ll kill him  」(Iori)<br/>
However, I will not make my move hastily.<br/>
Firstly, I will carefully analyse his movements and attack somewhere he won’t expect.<br/>
Somewhere like the Labyrinth where there’s no people around, and if I could I want to have some proper  『 Conversation   』 with him though.<br/>
「……Leaving that aside  」(Iori)<br/>
Elfi who sat on the bed next to me turned her gaze toward me.<br/>
「 Don’t eat on the bed. If you want to eat then go to your own room 」(Iori)<br/>
Elfi was in my room although I already reserved rooms for two of us.<br/>
*MOKYUMOKYU* as Elfi was eating the Onsen Manju that she bought on the way.<br/>
It was cooked with steam and its a food similar to steam buns on earth.<br/>
It was bought in large quantity on our way back to the inn.<br/>
「 It’s really troublesome to move. Hey! While we’re both on it, let’s eat together, should we? 」(Elfi)<br/>
「……Haa~  」(Iori)<br/>
To keep sleeping outdoors right after we went out of the labyrinth, it seems my body keeps accumulating fatigue.<br/>
I should consume some proper meal if I want to keep my physical condition in top form.<br/>
While I breathe a sigh, I received a steam bun from Elfi.<br/>
「 After all its nice having someone as a companion to eat together with  」(Elfi)<br/>
Thus, both of us were *MOKYUMOKYU* eating the Onsen Manju on the bed together.<br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 