<br/>
Editor:Oscuras<br/>
Along the way to the Adventurer Guild.<br/>
As expected from Misha, with her impressive agility she was leading our way while avoiding the crowd.<br/>
I’ve become a bit curious about how far did she go with her adventurer status.<br/>
「 Misha-san what is your rank in the Adventurer Guild?  」(Iori)<br/>
「 Me?I’m probably a B rank  」(Misha)<br/>
「 Although you just became an adventurer, you’re already at B rank? You’re really amazing, you know  」(Iori)<br/>
Adventurers have their ranks.<br/>
Starting from A rank at the top to the E rank in the bottom.<br/>
In other words, it appears that Misha is the second rank from the top.<br/>
「 In other words, it appears that Misha is in the second rank from the top?  」(Elfi)<br/>
「 Yeah, thats right. Because one needs adequate ability in order to become a B rank adventurer  」(Iori)<br/>
For the image of the rank, A ranker is a skillful warrior while B ranker is a competence and C ranker is a full-fledged, isn’t it?<br/>
I can say that Misha is plenty amazing herself because she managed to rise up to B rank.<br/>
Its just a human standard after all, in many cases they can’t stand a chance when dealing with a strong Mazoku or demons individually.<br/>
「 Because no matter how hard I try to become an A ranker, its still a long way to go for me, though  」(Misha)<br/>
You might say that the adventurers ability can’t be measured just by their ranks because not only the individual strength but the teamwork is important to cover each other weaknesses in a party.<br/>
「  Leaving that aside, from what I saw , both of you during the examination battle were really amazing. That was an instant kill for both of your opponents, right? During those times when I took my examination I wouldn’t be able to win if they didn’t hold back, ya know  」(Misha)<br/>
「 Fufun~. Of course such riffraff isn’t my match  」(Elfi)<br/>
There she goes becoming self-important again……<br/>
Well thats for certain,aside for me right now, Elfi in her current state should have ability beyond A ranks.<br/>
While doing such talk, we have arrived at the Adventurer Guild.<br/>
◆<br/>
「 Oi! Whats the meaning of this! 」(Misha)<br/>
Enraged Misha throws her fist on the counter.<br/>
Causing a receptionist body to *BIKURI* tremble in response to that.<br/>
The examination results for me and Elfi.<br/>
“Both of them have failed their examination” was conveyed by the receptionist.<br/>
Faster that both of us can respond to that, Misha’s already enraged toward the receptionist.<br/>
「 Th……this is an official result given by the judge  」<br/>
「 Both of them managed to defeat their opponents during the exam, right!? Its even the adventurer whom I was not able to defeat. But if both of them were able to do so don’t you think its strange for them to have failed!! 」(Misha)<br/>
The receptionist is making a frightened expression toward Misha who had yelled at her.<br/>
It wasn’t her that gave the evaluation for those exams.<br/>
It is hard to think that those result would change even if we complain it here.<br/>
「 Oi! Shut your trap you cat beastman. Because their failure isn’t related to that, no? 」<br/>
「 What did you say……you bastard!  」(Misha)<br/>
「  Misha-san. Please just leave it as it is  」(Iori)<br/>
As the huge man who wore a full-faced helmet which sat in the seat makes a complaint to Misha in a low voice.<br/>
I stopped Misha that tries to persist her complaint with the expression such as not convincing at our guild examination result at all.<br/>
It supposes both of us should be the one’s that feel unsatisfied about this. T/N: These sentences mean that it should be Iori & Elfi should the one who feel unsatisfied<br/>
Judging from the reaction of Misha and other adventurers, our fight here would just get worsen.<br/>
It is clearly suspicious that we had failed.<br/>
That’s right, for an example.<br/>
It’s like somebody had totally failed our examination intentionally.<br/>
「  Hah~just accept it, Misha. Both of them failed and it was a decision made by the guild official judge, right? Besides, you want to lodge a complaint based on what? Just for some quibble, hah?  」<br/>
Suddenly from our back, a wolf beastman said those words to her.<br/>
The man who picked a quarrel with us when we were leaving the guild on the day of the examination.<br/>
「 Gordon, you bastard…… 」(Misha)<br/>
As Misha scowled at the wolf beastman.<br/>
It appears that this man is called Gordon.<br/>
「 I see. So “That” is the reason, hah  」<br/>
「……It seems to be  」<br/>
I was able to make a rough estimation when I heard that we had failed.<br/>
The reason why we failed, it should be that Merwin has been pulling the strings behind the scene.<br/>
According to what I have heard, that man has been solidifying his standing in this town.<br/>
It isn’t funny if there was some guild staff connected to that bastard.<br/>
At the time when I helped Nyamel he left a remark   「 I don’t think you will be able to make a living in this town if you try to oppose us  」<br/>
Well, what happened now was probably such a thing, I guess.<br/>
「 Too bad it looks like both of you didn’t have luck this time, no? Well no matter how many times you’re gonna take the examination please try your best at it. You might say that,it doesn’t matter how many time you’re gonna take it……you will not gonna pass, no?  」<br/>
Before Gordon went away he left those word.<br/>
The guild fell silent, as half of the people just overlooked it and the other half scowled at the back figure of Gordon.<br/>
「 ……Forgive me. It’s all our fault  」(Misha)<br/>
Because when I helped Nyamel, its also when we caught Merwin’s eyes on us.<br/>
Misha bows her head as she said so.<br/>
「 Nah, don’t worry about it. As for you, you shouldn’t have been rude to that clerk either 」(Iori)<br/>
「 But……」(Misha)<br/>
「 It didn’t bother us at all, because becoming an adventurer is not our reason for coming here anyway. It can’t be helped if we couldn’t become one, there’s someone who is pulling the strings behind the scenes  」(Iori)<br/>
Nonetheless, this matter surely has become a troublesome one for me though.<br/>
Because to enter the labyrinth we will need permission from the guild.<br/>
It can’t be helped that I need to think about it and put the means to enter inside by force.<br/>
「 Ah, thats right! It looks like a few days ago the   『 Labyrinth subjugation  』 was recruiting people.<br/>
If both of you need to enter the labyrinth at any cost then you should participate by enlisting……」(Misha)<br/>
「 Even if we did that, it will be meaningless if those wolf beastman are gonna hinder me again, right?  」(Iori)<br/>
「…………」(Misha)<br/>
Now, what I’m gonna do about this.<br/>
Suddenly,the time when I was ready to plan something about it.<br/>
「 Is Misha here!? IT’S A DISASTER!  」<br/>
While we were still in the guild, a man rushed in.<br/>
If I’m not mistaken (s)he was one of Misha’s comrades.<br/>
With such an awfully panicked appearance (s)he calls out Misha’s name.<br/>
「 Rua. What happened?  」(Misha)<br/>
「  I don’t know what had happened! But it’s a disaster! Follow me at once!  」(Rua)<br/>
Not understanding what had happened, a puzzled expression appears on her face.<br/>
However, her expression is frozen instantly.<br/>
「  ーー Your shop is in big trouble!  」<br/>
◆<br/>
A terrible smell drifted on the street.<br/>
As black smoke rises to the sky.<br/>
A large number of curious spectators gazed at a single shop from distance.<br/>
As we pushed our way through, we finally arrived at the Blacksmith.<br/>
It was a dreadful view that was spreading out in front of us.<br/>
The Blacksmith was blazing up by fire.<br/>
As the crimson red flames scorched the shop.<br/>
「 Are those Healer still not here!  」<br/>
「 Before the fire is gonna spread call off those water mages quickly, now!  」<br/>
Such voices are heard from the onlooker.<br/>
「 AahHH……Nyamel, GRAMPS!!  」(Misha)<br/>
Nyamel and Zoorotsu who suffered burns are collapsed next to the shop.<br/>
Nyamel has some slight injuries but Zoorutsu suffered severe burns all over his body.<br/>
At this rate, the after effects may remain even after using the healing magic.<br/>
Seems like they had lost their consciousness, both of them didn’t move even an inch.<br/>
「 Please pull yourself together! Oi,Oiii!  」(Misha)<br/>
As Misha lost her calm she shakes both of them restlessly.<br/>
「……It’s all right, they’re still breathing  」(Iori)<br/>
It was a severe burn but if they’re being given immediate treatment they will certainly be fine.<br/>
Somehow Misha had regained her composure as both of them are being given first-aid treatment.<br/>
As the rushed healer finally arrived,right after that “it” happened.<br/>
「……Iori  」(Elfi)<br/>
Ahead of Elfi’s line of sight.<br/>
With his bare canines, Merwin sneering figure can be seen along with his fellow wolf beastman.<br/>
Nodding his head in satisfaction while watching the blazing shop, he sends his glance toward us for a moment before leaving the scene.<br/>
「……It seems like there is something we need to do first before the labyrinth, huh  」(Iori)<br/>
As the once Blacksmith makes a crumbling sound.<br/>
A black smoke was rising to the sky from the blazing shop.<br/>
Rising high toward the high skies.<br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 