<br/>
Translator: Norva<br/>
Editor: Oscuras<br/>
Before long, the burnt down shop had its fire extinguished by using water magic.<br/>
The fire was extinguished by the rushed guards and adventurers that were able to use the water magic, thanks to that, the damage to its surroundings is almost zero.<br/>
However, the shop is completely reduced to ashes.<br/>
Everything that was left inside has been burned completely.<br/>
It was revealed that fire magic was the main cause of the fire that burned down the shop.<br/>
Moreover, it seems that the flames started from the inside of the shop itself and finally spread through the entire shop.<br/>
But it is obvious that this fire has been created artificially.<br/>
No doubt all of it was the work of Merwin’s henchman.<br/>
Fortunately, both Nyamel and Zoorutsu didn’t lose their life because of that.<br/>
At present both of them are admitted to the hospital of the Hot Spring City.<br/>
Nyamel who was protected by Zoorutsu only got some light injury that left a small scar on her.<br/>
However, it didn’t go well for Zoorutsu.<br/>
At the time when he covered up for Nyamel, he suffered some major burns in compensation for his actions.<br/>
Even if healing magic is used, the aftereffects of the burns will remain afterwards.<br/>
There’s some possibility he will get healed if he’s taken care by some advanced healer, but it is something impossible for those girls who just lost everything along with their home to afford that.<br/>
Finally, Nyamel had regained her consciousness, but she will need to stay at the hospital to receive further check ups just for caution’s sake.<br/>
However, Zoorutsu has yet to regain his consciousness.<br/>
After both of them got sent to the hospital.<br/>
We needed to go to the hospital for verification and we did that after we finished dealing with the shop aftermath.<br/>
We enter the room where Zoorutsu is being hospitalised after we visit Nyamel.<br/>
Misha is sitting on the chair right beside Zoorutsu bed whom still lies idle on his bed.<br/>
「 Forgive me for all the trouble……」(Misha)<br/>
「 Fun~ It’s no big deal after all  」(Elfi) T/N “Fun” = “Hmph”<br/>
「 Like what Elfi said. Please don’t mind it  」(Iori)<br/>
Misha has a dispirited expression on her face.<br/>
A few hours ago she had some relieved air but now, as if being haunted by the Death God itself there’s no sign of life in her eyes.<br/>
In her trembling voice, Misha said something without facing us directly.<br/>
「……During your guy’s absence, Merwin came over to this room  」(Misha)<br/>
「 Excuse me for disturbing you Misha-san  」 with a bouquet in his hand, there’s several wolf beastman that Merwin had taken along with him during his visit in this room.<br/>
Toward the Zoorutsu who has yet to regain his consciousness, Merwin floats a forced pitiful expression on his face.<br/>
「 It was a very unfortunate thing what happened this time, wasn’t it? I express my deepest sympathies for what had fallen upon you. I do not know whose act it is but its said that the main cause is being hit by some magic, isn’t it? It was a really regrettable thing to happen. For magic to hit a shop……for Zoorutsu-san the owner itself or some shop assistant whose was still in there, don’t you think it looks like there’s somebody bearing a grudge on someone?  」(Merwin)<br/>
Is what he said.<br/>
As for Misha who couldn’t think right, she was about to hit Merwin.<br/>
However, she got restrained and pinned to the floor by a bunch of the wolf beastman who were standing behind Merwin’s back.<br/>
「 Gosh! That’s was scary. With such attitude that is quick to resort to violence, no wonder there’s someone who would bear a grudge, isn’t it? Next time,it probably won’t end with just some burns, no? 」(Merwin)<br/>
Merwin left after he mentioned that.<br/>
In short, that was a threat.<br/>
For Misha who often had conflicts with the wolf beastman.<br/>
Probably Merwin intended to say that if she was going to mess up with them anymore it wouldn’t end merely as this next time.<br/>
Despite the fire ending up to such degree, fortunately, there’s hardly any damage that spread to its surroundings and this is probably because Merwin has made some necessary preparations beforehand.<br/>
「……It was gramps who picked us up when we had nowhere to go. When we almost collapsed from hunger he’s the one that gave us some food to eat and not just that, he even provided us with some clothes and a bath. He’ll give jobs to us because he said that he got no worker to help him around the shop  」(Misha)<br/>
While keeping her head down, Misha keeps talking while tear drops can be seen falling.<br/>
I can see how grateful they were toward Zoorutsu who had helped them.<br/>
「 Even though I’ve been planing that……I want to return back all those favours. Moreover, if it’s the case that they can’t stand me ,why didn’t they just lay their hand on me directly……! Instead why did they drag Nyamel and gramps who are unrelated with all of this……」(Misha)<br/>
As Misha laments this, she flings her fist against a desk.<br/>
Even though her eyes were gloomy, her pupils emit a glaring light.<br/>
Misha who gasps for breath violently was covering her face with her hands for while.<br/>
「 Sorry for losing my cool. Though both of you had trouble yourself to pay a visit……but if you guys don’t mind, may you return for today?  」(Misha)<br/>
「……I see. Let’s go Elfi  」(Iori)<br/>
Together with Elfi, we were about to leave the room.<br/>
Right before the door entrance.<br/>
「 Say Misha  」(Elfi)<br/>
Elfi looked back into the room.<br/>
「 Don’t let your emotions screw up your decisions. Because you want to protect someone who is precious to you and stay with them, don’t you? If that’s the case, then don’t ever take your eyes off from them  」(Elfi)<br/>
At the same time when the door was about to make a closing sound she left some words.<br/>
「……It is only the ones who lost everything that would exact revenge 」(Elfi)<br/>
I did not know whether Misha could hear what Elfi had muttered over the door.<br/>
「  Shall we go?  」(Elfi)<br/>
「  Aa  」(Iori)  T/N 「Aa」=「Yeah」<br/>
First of all, let’s start with cleaning those loitering and snooping around trash?<br/>
◆<br/>
As the sun fell, night came to the Hot Spring City.<br/>
The streetlights that are installed all over the place light up the city in a dazzling manner.<br/>
However, there are still some places that it can’t light up.<br/>
For example, in an alley.<br/>
As there isn’t a single streetlight here, it is being covered by the darkness of the night.<br/>
Even if there’s any light made by fire, it wouldn’t be noticed by anyone as there’s just a little pedestrian traffic tonight.<br/>
As he proceeded into the deep dark alley, he noticed nobody was there.<br/>
「 Hi,Hiiii  」(Gordon)<br/>
In such darkness, Gordon fell on the ground.<br/>
As he let out a shriek after he saw something impossible.<br/>
For them to be easily deceived like this ――――   。<br/>
Today, there’s one order being given by Merwin to them.<br/>
It was to watch the movement of the raven-black hair boy and the girl with silvery hair.<br/>
Afterwards together with his comrade, he needed simply to tail and watch their movements.<br/>
That stupid human won’t even notice that they’re being tailed by wolf beastman who’re skilled hunters.<br/>
Therefore he thought it should be an easy task as usual.<br/>
The shop of “that” cheeky cat beastman has already been reduced to zero by Merwin.<br/>
For Gordon who wasn’t able to stop his laugh at the figure of Misha which cried when she saw what happened to the people who were inside the shop.<br/>
“Its all because you’re trying to defy us”  he wanted to sneer personally at her.<br/>
In such a high spirits he got an order from Merwin.<br/>
There were no problems during the halfway of the task.<br/>
However, the problem started after both of his targets entered an alley.<br/>
The boy with raven-black hair and the girl with silvery hair.<br/>
The communication from his friend who was following them into the alley broke off.<br/>
Therefore he went to see if some problem occurred.<br/>
Immediately after he stepped into the alley, Gordon movement got halted as his foot was pierced to the ground by a sword that was send flying out of nowhere.<br/>
Because of the acute pain that he felt, he becomes unable to grasp what happened.<br/>
The next moment, he and his fellow friends saw some crimson light and they got forced to prostrate themselves on the ground at once.<br/>
「 Fumu, they got easily baited, huh  」(Elfi)<br/>
Before they knew, the eyes of the girl with silvery hair shine in crimson red.<br/>
The time when he noticed that it was a demon eye no one was able to move their body anymore.<br/>
「 Don’t make a sound. You can consider your life gone if you speak loudly  」(Iori)<br/>
There’s another voice coming.<br/>
As if hiding his presence till now, a boy appeared as if he comes out from the darkness itself.<br/>
「 You, so you are Gordon, right?  」(Iori)<br/>
As the boy enquired while looking down upon Gordon who is still stuck by a sword.<br/>
Like having his words stuck in his throat, Gordon is only able to nod his head in assent.<br/>
「 Is it an instruction from Merwin to have you following us? 」(Iori)<br/>
As he got asked in a deep toned voice.<br/>
「 That’s right  」 he replied some vague answer, then silently ――<br/>
「 Guu,GAhaaa!?  」(Gordon)<br/>
The sword in his foot was twisted and it gouged out some of his flesh.<br/>
When he was about to raise a scream, his mouth was grabbed and it was a situation where he was unable to call for help.<br/>
「 Listen I’m gonna ask you just one more time, you hear. Did Merwin give you the order?  」(Iori)<br/>
「 Hii~ That’s right! It was an order from Merwin-san!  」(Gordon)<br/>
「 Why did Merwin instruct you to tail us?    」(Iori)<br/>
「 Like hell I know! We merely obeyed his instructions!  」(Gordon)<br/>
It was the truth.<br/>
Gordon is only being instructed to do some monitoring job.<br/>
He isn’t even being told the reason why they need to do so.<br/>
「   I see. Where is that Merwin now?  」(Iori)<br/>
「  A, at his Mansion. He probably should be in his Mansion!  」(Gordon)<br/>
「  Right there, huh……  」(Iori)<br/>
While the boy murmured in a low voice he pulled out the sword stuck in Gordon’s foot.<br/>
He felt like letting his scream out as it was done in such a violent way.<br/>
「 Well then, there’s one more thing. Are you the one who burnt down Misha’s shop?  」(Iori)<br/>
It was an emotionless voice.<br/>
Neither anger nor sadness is felt from it.<br/>
It was a fearful feeling as he can’t predict or grasp what the owner of the voice is thinking.<br/>
「 Ah, that’s right…… B, but it’s not us who burnt that shop! It’s the other guys who did that on Merwin-san instructions!  」(Gordon)<br/>
With that, he receives glares from his comrades that are still prostrating on the ground.<br/>
But seems like it can’t be helped.<br/>
With his wounded foot.<br/>
He was in situations where he has no ability either to oppose nor escape.<br/>
It was better for him to talk obediently rather than get himself killed.<br/>
With his expression, its a better choice for him to do that, that next instant his expectation have failed him.<br/>
「 Your role is over. Elfi, erase them  」(Iori)<br/>
「 !? E, erase!! You’re joking, right!?  」(Gordon)<br/>
Even the wolf beastman besides Gordon turned pale as they become frightened.<br/>
The boy had a faint smile appear on his face when he saw them in such a situation.<br/>
「  I wonder why there isn’t any figure from the bunch that chased us earlier? What does think had happened to them?  」(Iori)<br/>
Gordon looked around the alley in response to those words.<br/>
There’s some dirt like charcoal remains on the ground.<br/>
He thought it just a mere dirt.<br/>
But, that’s impossible――!<br/>
「―― Say, why don’t you verify the answer with your own body  」(Iori)<br/>
The next moment a crimson flash flickered.<br/>
◆<br/>
「 It seems that was all of them because I don’t sense any presence in our surroundings anymore  」(Elfi)<br/>
「  I understand  」(Iori)<br/>
There no one else in the alley.<br/>
Only remains of ashes that scattered around.<br/>
I want to retaliate and don’t want to commit murder.<br/>
However, I will show no mercy for those who become a hindrance to me because there isn’t any reason for me to show sympathy for them.<br/>
With this, every single one of those bunch that followed us has completely been exterminated.<br/>
Afterward.<br/>
「 I just need to dispose of the foundation of trash  」(Iori)<br/>
Under the cover of darkness, we went to the mansion of Merwin.<br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 