<br/>
Translator:Norva<br/>
Editor:Oscuras<br/>
Beyond the Adventurer Guild and the Inn there’s a residential district and Merwin’s mansion is located at the most inner part of that residential area.<br/>
The wolf beastman always go in and out regardless of night or day.<br/>
Moreover, it appears that the majority of the wolf beastman in this town are Merwin’s followers.<br/>
In addition to his abilities that have enabled him to win them over and the main reason itself, probably because Merwin himself is being regarded as a Hero of the wolf beastman that had defeated the  “Thousand Transformations”, the being known as one of those “Four Heavenly King” from back then.<br/>
Therefore, since they were aware of the evil deed that had been committed by Merwin himself such as the arson incident, those followers of his had no room for their forethought.<br/>
In the middle of the night, we advance through the residential district under cover of darkness.<br/>
In order to make sure there’s no eyes witnesses, we use the Presence Interception Magic to hid our presence and luckily at the moment there’s no pedestrian so far.<br/>
Although we need to be extremely cautious while making our moves.<br/>
Even if there is evidence remaining, we got Elfi’s demon eyes on our side that can perfectly burn it to nothingness, it will be troublesome if there’s an eyewitness to be left afterward.<br/>
「 It’s here. Surely its a huge mansion, huh  」(Iori)<br/>
With a soaring huge gate, there’s wolf statues standing on both of it’s side.<br/>
Moreover, the stone paved road leading toward the entrance, there’s a fountain located at the corner of the well-maintained garden.<br/>
It’s a remarkably huge mansion that stands out especially in this residential district.<br/>
If it’s just this, it would look ordinary. But something conspicuous was that the guards and devices guarding the premise are being equipped with magic items.<br/>
It is not just the gate and the statues, magic items are also camouflaged and embed in the fountains.<br/>
If we sneak in carelessly it might detonate and we may get caught in the explosion.<br/>
It’s really troublesome to some degree.<br/>
「  In comparison to the Maou Castel itself both the facilities and the security here is no better than a miserable shack!  」(Elfi)<br/>
「 It was obvious, right?  」(Iori)<br/>
This was nothing in comparison with the dungeon.<br/>
Well…for the security it’s surely   『  troublesome in its own way   』<br/>
But it isn’t so difficult to trespass.<br/>
「 Elfi. I think you understand it and please try to not let your guard down  」(Iori)<br/>
「  Of course  」(Elfi)<br/>
From the start we were already watched by Merwin subordinates since before we started any of our moves.<br/>
Although Merwin just barely met me in the town once.<br/>
It’s the matter of possibility after all, but it will become a bit troublesome if my guess was right.<br/>
「  Let’s go  」(Iori)<br/>
While invoking the Presence Isolation we approach the mansion.<br/>
「――”Magic Usurpation”  」(Iori)<br/>
Natrually, magic items are operated using magical power.<br/>
So by scattering the flow, its inner magical power would have disfunctions.<br/>
But if I completely shut it down, there’s a risk it would expose us to the enemies, if I just stop the flow for a few seconds they wouldn’t notice it.<br/>
Finally we safely got into the mansion after we easily broke through the magic items used by the guards.<br/>
◆<br/>
The magic items are being installed in several places around the mansion.<br/>
I pass through after I’ve disabled it with the help of the magic stone.<br/>
There are few guards inside the mansion, it seems the security inside is mostly being entrusted to the magic items.<br/>
The tracking ability of the wolf beastman is a bit troublesome, because of that I used Presence Isolation,I won’t be noticed unless the enemies were using Searching Magic.<br/>
There was nothing extrodinary inside the mansion except the magic items that were installed in it.<br/>
The surrounding did give an impression of cleanliness to it, they sure clean it throughly, huh?<br/>
As I follow signs of life, I’ve kept looking for Merwin’s figure.<br/>
「…………  」(Iori)<br/>
It’s up to this point.<br/>
That is why I have to proceed carefully.<br/>
Naturally, I should consider who I retaliate against and because of that, it should be done indiscreetly.<br/>
I wonder if that bastard feels relieved with a security of this degree?<br/>
Before long we finally arrived at Merwin’s reading room.<br/>
However, there’s nobody inside.<br/>
I turned my eyes toward the desk but there was no significant documents on it.<br/>
「…… Iori  」(Elfi)<br/>
After a while Elfi discovered a basement.<br/>
There’s a mechanism on the floor that opens the passage to the basement after putting some magic in it.<br/>
「  Elfi. If by any chance something occurs, I’ll be leaving it to you  」(Iori)<br/>
「  …… Try to not get carried away, okay  」(Elfi)<br/>
As we exchange our glances we both descend the stairs which lead to the basement.<br/>
A light source is placed on the wall at equal intervals and for some reason it reminds me of the labyrinth itself.<br/>
「  H-hey Iori. Don’t leave me behind  」(Elfi)<br/>
「……?  」(Iori)<br/>
While I looked puzzled toward Elfi whose glued herself to me, I proceed decending the stairs.<br/>
There’s a chamber spreading out beyond the stairs and it’s your stereotype under mansion basement.<br/>
It is quite wide, too.<br/>
After we finally descend the stairs we arrive at a great chamber, it’s a pitch-black room where there’s no light.<br/>
However, there’s a lot of presences from people and magic in there.<br/>
If that is the case,”Victory goes to the one who makes the first move”.<br/>
「――――  」(Iori)<br/>
I was gonna set my attack at the same time when I’ve breakthrough it.<br/>
As I was about to try and use my magic I’ve noticed something unusual.<br/>
My magical power was suddenly being sucked out from my body―――― 。<br/>
「 Iori ――  」(Elfi)<br/>
The moment when I noticed it, the sudden wind blew toward me.<br/>
As a counter to that, I drew my sword and repelled it.<br/>
At the same time Elfi, who stood right next to me, had her head flew into the air.<br/>
The wind blades had cut her body into pieces.<br/>
*DOSARI* with a thud Elfi’s torso fell first to the ground first before her head did.<br/>
「……! 」(Iori)<br/>
My internal magical power has completely disappeared.<br/>
I had fallen on my knee after being attacked by the feeling of nausea caused by the lack of magical power<br/>
When I look at my foot, I saw there an engraved magic formation shining in bright red.<br/>
It lost its radiance after its target magical power disappeared.<br/>
「 ……Barrier  」(Iori)<br/>
「 That’s the right answer  」(Unknown)<br/>
*PACHIPACHI* as clapping hands resound, light illuminates the chamber.<br/>
There were more than one wolf beastman facing me.<br/>
「 I prepared and waited because I thought that it was about time for you to come over  」(Merwin)<br/>
Merwin said that with a broad grin on his face.<br/>
「 It’s been a long time, Amatsuki Iori-san~  」(Merwin)<br/>
◆<br/>
Just by seeing it roughly, I realise every single one of them is an adventurer ranked from B to A rankers.<br/>
Each five of the wolf beastman individually had higher ability than the knights whom Luser had led before.<br/>
With the wolf beastman standing on both of his sides, Merwin addressed me with his spiteful tone.<br/>
From the nuance he called my name, it clearly shows that he already knew my true identity.<br/>
「……How did you know that I would come?  」(Iori)<br/>
「 You see, there’s an acquaintance of mine from the Kingdom that told me I need to be cautious  」(Merwin)<br/>
「……  Luser, huh  」(Iori)<br/>
It is an expected answer.<br/>
From the existence of the wolf beastman that tailed us, I was able to make my prediction to some extent from it.<br/>
When Merwin noticed our existence.<br/>
In addition to it, for Luser who knew precisely the whereabouts of Merwin.<br/>
In other words these guys have some kind of relation with each other.<br/>
「 Your movement was being monitored by my men at all times and it seems that they already have been disposed of, because there’s no contact from them till now.  It is very regrettable for them  」(Merwin)<br/>
Contrary to his tone, his expression shows no concern about it.<br/>
From the beginning it seems that party was no more than just a sacrifical pawn for him, huh.<br/>
「 Your appearance has changed greatly, Ah! Certainly there is a shadow of the former you on it. I never expected that after thirty years I would see that disgusting face once again  」(Merwin)<br/>
「 You too, I felt relieved, that character of yours didn’t change, it remained the same, you know  」(Iori)<br/>
「 Yes, fortunately it didn’t after all  」(Merwin)<br/>
*KUTSUKUTSU* stifled as Merwin laugh.<br/>
「 Because it is you, if we burn the shop of those wild cats or you can say those cat beastman, I was expecting that you would come here on the same day, you know  」(Merwin)<br/>
「……The reason why you burned down Misha shop is just to lure me, huh?  」(Iori)<br/>
「 Yes, of course. Well…she herself was quite an eyesore and to some extent I have already warned her before. Moreover, by making these nuisances disappear, I managed to lure you, too. Its just killing two birds with one stone, no?  」(Merwin)<br/>
Suddenly I remember the words of Elfi  “You should choose your friends wisely”.<br/>
It seems that people sure don’t change suddenly.<br/>
From the time when we fought together this bastard already had this rotten character since the very beginning.<br/>
For both of us that were unable to join the guild, it was his provocation toward us.<br/>
As long as he is here, it means that no matter what we do, we won’t be able to achieve our purpose.<br/>
「――”The Magic Snatcher Barrier”. How did it feel, having your magical power being sucked dry?  」(Merwin)<br/>
*KUTSUKUTSU* Merwin laughes as he is watching me who can’t move because the lack of the magical power.<br/>
The barrier.<br/>
It was Merwin favourite or specialised magic from way back then.<br/>
During thirty years ago when he entraped me back then, this bastard was using a similar barrier too.<br/>
Like what Merwin called it, its known as “The Magic Snatcher Barrier”.<br/>
It should be an Advance Barrier Magic that requires some essential training beforehand.<br/>
The device to make the barrier should be placed somewhere.<br/>
Probably in the backside area of this chamber.<br/>
It was something that continues to function until its target magical power is exhausted.<br/>
It seems it has finished purpose of completely absorbing my magical power to exhaustion.<br/>
It doesn’t seem that the effect of the magic stone is taken away but the minimum magical power is needed to use it.<br/>
I won’t be able to use the magic stone if I’m being completely out of magical power.<br/>
「 But I’m really disappointed. Although I’ve prepared this barrier for that partner of yours, she’s already dead before having her magical power being snatched away, ne~  」(Merwin)<br/>
「……You bastard  」(Iori)<br/>
「  Oh my! Doesn’t she move? It seem like that you were able to keep a bit of your composure to some extent, not?  」(Merwin)<br/>
Merwin laughs disgustingly as his finger pointed at Elfi who lost her head.<br/>
It’s a provocation.<br/>
But as expected,I’m unable to move my body which has lost the magical power.<br/>
Though I can’t move yet, I had my hand grasping the handle of my sword.<br/>
「  Ah! That’s right.――”Fireball”」(Merwin)<br/>
「  Tsk  」(Iori)<br/>
Flame is being shot from the hand of Merwin vigorously.<br/>
Although I parried it with my sword the scorching heat had burned my skin.<br/>
「 This……is it you, the one who burnt the shop?  」(Iori)<br/>
「  Who knows, Hmm…I wonder  」(Merwin)<br/>
「……It seems to be someone else, the one who that did that. Answer me  」(Iori)<br/>
「 That’s funny. Next time I’ll burn you like that shop personally  」(Merwin)<br/>
Soon after declaring that, a fireball comes flying in succession.<br/>
It was impossible for me to parry it with just a sword.<br/>
While I’m in such condition, the wolf beastman are giving a whistle and enjoying themselves.<br/>
But it won’t last for long.<br/>
When the fireball almost hit me I’ve rolled on the ground.<br/>
「 So unsightly don’t you think? If the former you saw that, no doubt he’s gonna let out a sigh, no?  」<br/>
Merwin sneered at me while halting shooting off his magic.<br/>
「……YOU BASTARD!!  」(Iori)<br/>
「  Oh! “THAT” is it. By looking at that facade of a saviour face that you make,it is really making me sick. But, that expression that lacks composure fits you better  」(Merwin)<br/>
Even if I was about to collapse I won’t ever to loose my grip on my sword.<br/>
I glare at Merwin while gripping my sword.<br/>
「 Watching the looks of humans when they are about to perish, no doubt their expressions would be a masterpieces, ne~  」(Merwin)<br/>
When Merwin said those words his body was trembling and he finally laughed not being able to suppress it anymore.<br/>
The humans to perish?<br/>
「 Soon, after Maou Ortegia regains his power back. When that happen,all humans will perish  」(Merwin)<br/>
「 Do you intent to change sides to……Maou side?  」(Iori)<br/>
「 I just follow the one with power because I don’t plan to die yet  」(Merwin)<br/>
Does his comrade know about that already, too? Because those wolf beastman don’t seem to show any unrest among them.<br/>
「 The first target would be here―― The Federations. When that happen we will be assisting with the invasion and enter the Maou forces openly  」(Merwin)<br/>
「…… In that way are you going to sell others again as long as you survive?  」(Iori)<br/>
「 Huh? As for me, oneself is the most important-ne~. Is there something wrong with that?  」(Merwin)<br/>
「…………」(Iori)<br/>
「 Well, that’s fine. Shall we end this now? Let’s wish that the ghost from thirty years ago departed forever right here  」(Merwin)<br/>
After declaring that, Merwin turned his arm toward me again.<br/>
「  Well now, are you ready?  」(Merwin)<br/>
He doesn’t seem to want to talk any more.<br/>
It’s an opportunity.<br/>
「  “Fireball”  」(Merwin)<br/>
As the fireball comes flying at me.<br/>
Countering that, I<br/>
「――”Magic Usurpation”  」(Iori)<br/>
Invoke my magic.<br/>
After confirming that the power of the magic decreases, with the sword in my grasp I cut it easily.<br/>
「  WHAT……!?  」(Merwin)<br/>
In front of the surprised Merwin, I rise slowly.<br/>
As I manage to hit the fireball, I don’t receive any great damage from that.<br/>
The power decreases sharply because of the magic resistant robe and 『 Magic Bracelet of Defense  』 effect.<br/>
「……Your magical power is supposed to be exhausted by now  」(Merwin)<br/>
Since a little while ago, I was gripping the  『 Long Sword of Jade  』in my hand.<br/>
One of its effects is, as long as the holder’s foot sticks to the ground it will restore the holder magical power little by little.<br/>
Now I have little bits of magical power and most of it was restored during our conversation.<br/>
「……BARRIER!  」(Merwin)<br/>
Merwin raises his arm and as he tries to invoke the barrier.<br/>
However, the barrier doesn’t activate.<br/>
「 Whats the meaning of this……」(Merwin)<br/>
「 What happened? Is the device malfunctioning?  」(Iori)<br/>
「 Damn……don’t get carried away because you might lose your life from it……!  」(Merwin)<br/>
Merwin snapped his fingers.<br/>
As he was giving a signal to the ambush that was waiting on the back side of the room all along.<br/>
But nobody comes out.<br/>
「……Why does no one appear!?  」(Merwin)<br/>
Finally, Merwin has lost his composure.<br/>
Because the traps he prepared are completely broken.<br/>
「 Have you not noticed it yet? 」(Iori)<br/>
「  What is it……?  」(Merwin)<br/>
It seems that he was too concentrate on harassing me all along.<br/>
Regarding Elfi’s headless body with her severed head that once lied down on the ground.<br/>
Either of it is nowhere to be seen now.<br/>
「 You may come out Elfi  」(Iori)<br/>
「……Umu  」(Elfi)<br/>
「  HAH!?  」(Merwin)<br/>
As the door which leads to the back of the wall is opened, Elfi’s figure is revealed from inside of the door.<br/>
Her head which should’ve to be cut off is still connected and there’s not a single wound that could be seen, too.<br/>
Merwin looks at Elfi with an expression like he’s seen a ghost..<br/>
「 Because Iori told me to be cautious, I’ve pretended to be killed intentionally. And there’s no reason for those dozens of mongrels to just stand there and wait, huh?  」(Elfi)<br/>
「 Ah! That’s bad. I’m happy that we will be able to have some honest fights from now on, no?  」(Iori)<br/>
「  Wh……wha?  」(Merwin)<br/>
Elfi only has her head now.<br/>
All other parts besides that are just an alter ego body.<br/>
Me, who was cautious regarding Merwin, had Elfi playing dead to distract his attention and I had been asking Elfi to deal with those traps that he had prepared for us.<br/>
It seemes that Elfi has succesfully destroyed those barriers after I had taught her various ways about how to deal with it.<br/>
With this, only Merwin and his elite wolf beastman remain.<br/>
「 Well now, are you ready?  」(Iori)<br/>
With Elfi joining up with me, I’ve pointed my sword at Merwin.<br/>
TN: In the next chapter it will focus on fighting and torture scene.<br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 