<br/>
TN* I will replace the Royal palace to Royal castle  and I will use the magician rather than mage because it the proper translation of it and sorry for the inconveniences. <br/>
Enjoy;)<br/>
Translator: Norva<br/>
Editor: Oscuras<br/>
Proofreader: storytete<br/>
The Brayon castle town of Onriin Kingdom.<br/>
The room in the upper level of the royal castle where only the people who were permitted by the king can enter.  The interior is just simple but a spacious room without any decorations.<br/>
There was no sound inside the room which wrapped in dead silence and there were several human silhouettes can be seen stood in there.<br/>
They wore a jet black robe that seemed to shut the wearer in the lightless dark night itself. The hem of their right arm was decorated with a number made of golden embroidery.<br/>
For those who have quite a deep understanding of martial arts would have noticed it by looking at their abnormal movement which didn’t make the slightest noise at all.<br/>
And for those with a deep knowledge regarding magic, they would have understood it very well too.<br/>
The first-class magic items they wore contained an enormous amount of magical power.<br/>
They can be classified as the magic user who is comparable to the Royal Court Mage itself and they even have martial art ability that even surpasses the knight’s, too.<br/>
They are known as the “Selector”.<br/>
A group of kingdom elite which has mastered every combat techniques either the sorcery or martial arts and it is a group that was under direct control of the king that will select and dispose of someone or anyone who will pose a threat to the kingdom.<br/>
Under the king’s order, the selectors who had been on duty away from the royal capital had gathered and had a meeting in one of the rooms inside the royal castle.<br/>
Not a single one of the selectors has open their mouth while there was a tension atmosphere floating in the room could be felt.<br/>
「Yo~」<br/>
Greet by a man who just entered the room.<br/>
It is a man in his middle age who wore the robe of the Royal Court Magician on his body. With his unkempt red hair and beard that keep on growing as it is. He had a pair of depressed eyes which give off a corrupted radiance that seems like it was confining every mistakenly held obsession within it.<br/>
The appearance that isn’t suitable for such occasion which makes anyone who looked him will give out a messy impression at him. However, he does not even flinch from the heavy pressure that released by selectors as he stood firmly in front while facing them off.<br/>
「The order from His Majesty the king is simple」<br/>
Without making any introductory remarks, that man announces it to the selectors with his hoarse voice.<br/>
「There is no restriction on the captivity of the Brave Amatsuki Iori, either he dead or alive. Kill him if you must in order to seize him and get rid if there any interferer by using any means」<br/>
「……………」<br/>
Silence runs in response to Luser who give the orders in his arrogant tone.<br/>
「……Then, your response?」(Luser)<br/>
「「――Haa」」TN Haa* is use to agreeing with a statement or to a request<br/>
A unified short answer.<br/>
As soon as it is done, the selectors start moving.<br/>
「……Tsk」(Luser)<br/>
Luser clicked his tongue while seeing them move out of the room.<br/>
While Luser mutters「Well, that’s fine」in his small voice.<br/>
「Eventually, those bastards will fail. Well, from the very beginning I had no expectation out of them after all」(Luser)<br/>
After everyone had left, a man’s voice echoes throughout the room.<br/>
「After all, I’m the only one who can kill him」(Luser)<br/>
As he narrows his muddy eyes, that man said.<br/>
「――Now then, Amatsu. Shall we begin the revenge?」(Luser)<br/>
Imperial Court magician.<br/>
Luser Gilban “The Great Magician”. TN previously “The Great Mage”<br/>
While he laughing, it can be seen on his right arm where it should have been nothing previously has been attached to arms that were wrapped with the bandages.<br/>
◆<br/>
There’s the scent that tickles the nasal cavity and the sound of strong waves that gathered at regular intervals.<br/>
Another blue that wasn’t empty without the cloud spread through the view and the voice of the people moving around in hurries while the continuous cry of the sea birds could be heard.<br/>
After a few days after we left the hot spring city, I and Elfi have arrived at the port town of the Federations.<br/>
As I say a port town,  I can see a number of fishing boats come into my view.<br/>
While Elfi watched the figure of the fishermen that bringing back the captured fish curiously while she eating the hot spring steamed bun which she held in both her hands.<br/>
Our next destination is the Empire.<br/>
The Federations and the Empire are separated by the sea and we need to cross the sea by ship to head there. Therefore, we came to this port town which located at the southern end of the Federations.<br/>
「Sea, huh……Somehow it make me want to eat some fresh fish dishes-na~……」(Elfi)<br/>
I dragged Elfi the Great Demon King of Gluttony in order to search for a ship to head to the Empire.<br/>
The sea is a stormy place and it is quite common that a ship won’t departed when a demon appeared. Fortunately, I was able to find us a ship to reach the Empire and we wander around the port town after I confirm the next departure time.<br/>
It just looks like the Hot Spring City because even those who looked like adventurers were wandering around here, too.<br/>
「There are adventurers here as well, huh」(Elfi)<br/>
「Since the adventurers itself was originally from the Federations in the first place, you see」(Iori)<br/>
Most of the ships that crossing the ocean are hiring adventurers as guards and I wonder if many of those adventurers here are taking care of that escort task?<br/>
「Well……we are also adventurers too, but」(Iori)<br/>
After the incident at the labyrinth of purgatory, both I and Elfi is being registered as adventurers in some way and our rank is A rank.<br/>
I do not have the plan to become active as an adventurer, but the guild cards I get when registering can become as my identification card. Because the adventurers’ organisation is the organisation that was recognised by a lot of countries, then just by showing your guild cards to them, they should be able to trust you to a certain extent.<br/>
I walked for a while and entered the library and when a guild card is shown, it’s possible to enter the building for free of charge. After that, I sit down in a seat in the corner and take a short rest.<br/>
「The Labyrinth of Hades and the Labyrinth of Purgatory and because the two labyrinths has fallen, the Maou forces should have begun their move soon」(Elfi)<br/>
「……There’s no doubt that the existence of Elfi’s probably already known by them」(Iori)<br/>
I do not know how far did they have grasping the information regarding us. Albeit I’ve heard this and that from Beltoga and because that fellow seemed to be a goofer for Dionis, there is a high possibility that he doesn’t leak the information regarding us to them.<br/>
「Aside the Maou forces, I dare to say that the kingdom is probably pursued me」(Iori)<br/>
「That Luser fellow, huh? If it’s the present us is going to fought with him, probably he isn’t a big threat for us now」(Elfi)<br/>
「No」(Iori)<br/>
I shake my head and explain it to Elfi.<br/>
I’ve heard it when I was in Kingdom in the past, the information about the “Selector”.<br/>
「Fumu*……」(Elfi) TN I see*<br/>
「Each one of them has the ability more than those A rank adventurers itself. Thinking that Luser was leading them, I do not think I will lose, but they’re troublesome」(Iori)<br/>
Well, it’s information from thirty years ago, so I do not know what’s going on now.<br/>
They maybe have become unexpectedly weakened.<br/>
「Tentatively, let’s keep alert」(Iori)<br/>
After having had such a talk, I hunted for an information in the library. Because of the port town, there are many documents about the sea. I found the material that I looking for, but the information I’d like to know wasn’t mentioned in it.<br/>
「Iori, what are you looking at from a while ago?……Is that the record of the war three decades ago?」(Elfi)<br/>
「Something like that. I looked for it whether there was any information regarding one of the betrayers」(Iori)<br/>
That fellow in the Empire and I grasped the information regarding that fellow from the adventurers. Apparently, it seems that bastard has become aristocrat now.<br/>
「It seemed that there are no records regarding “that” left」(Iori)<br/>
Oh well, even if there is no information, I know what that bastard had done.<br/>
「……Just right, because I have a talk about my revenge before it’s too late」(Elfi)<br/>
Elfi is bringing her face close as she drops the tone of her voice.<br/>
「I’ve told you when we fight against that Onizoku in the Labyrinth of Purgatory. The Onizoku who played with the corpse of my subordinate」(Elfi)<br/>
「……Yeah」(Iori)<br/>
「The person who killed my direct subordinate……There are subjects of your revenge among them, too and they’re Dionis and Lucifina」(Elfi)<br/>
Elfi teeth make a *GIRI* grind sound as she continued.<br/>
「……Regarding those two, I will lay my hand on those two, too」(Elfi)<br/>
Dionis and Lucifina.<br/>
They are former companions I want to take revenge the most.<br/>
For both of them, I ought to carry out more gruesome revenge beyond that I did to Merwin and Beltoga.<br/>
Still, I can’t consent that I need to hand over those bastards to Elfi.<br/>
「I’m not telling you to let only me to exact my revenge on them. The revenge will be carried out by me and Iori……is it no good?」(Elfi)<br/>
「…………, I understood」(Iori)<br/>
I was helped many times by Elfi that make it possible for me to come this far.<br/>
I also made her go along with my revenge for a couple of times, too.<br/>
Also, there is no reason for me to refuse her suggestion.<br/>
「Then it has been decided. How about trying to squash them by using my【Heavy Collapse】?」(Elfi)<br/>
「That is no good because I won’t kill them that easily」(Iori)<br/>
I and Elfi are “Partner”.<br/>
Then, it won’t be good if I make her go along with me, just for my own convenience, isn’t it?<br/>
Because we’re……partner after all.<br/>
◆<br/>
About an hour later, it was about time for the ship to leave the port.<br/>
When we showed the guild card, we were able to get on at a bargain price.<br/>
The destination is the Empire.<br/>
There’s one of the five demon lord labyrinth known as the Labyrinth of Death Swamp. Plus, one of my revenge targets is there, too.<br/>
I went to the Empire while thinking about revenge method that I will use on “that woman”.<br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 