<br/>
Translator: Norva<br/>
I hope anyone would point any error because this chapter was translated in the fast pace and I really appreciate the comments for the last chapter, thanks <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
The Crimson light like hell fire covers the sights while the deafening roar has shakes the labyrinth while the hot wind rages.<br/>
After the explosion, a burnt smell filled the room that was concealed by the explosion haze.<br/>
 <br/>
「……Somehow, did it go well?」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
At the place away from the centre of an explosion, I murmured over the result of the strategy while breathing a rough breath.<br/>
The measures of utilizing Dionis carelessness and overconfidence――I was forced to bear a considerable burden, but it was successfully accomplished.<br/>
 <br/>
「……」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
I swallow a potion as I frowned on my broken right arm due to unreasonable body strengthening. After few seconds I take the potion, the pain of the damaged muscle on my right arm along with my whole body that caused by the fight gradually diminished.<br/>
 <br/>
「Are you okay? Iori!」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
By the fact having blown off Dionis with the demon eyes, the serpent of water had that he cast has disappeared. Because there was no more hindrance, Elfi comes *ToteTote* running over.<br/>
 <br/>
「Aah, somehow」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
I had thought of a plan to defeat Dionis before entering the labyrinth.<br/>
That Elfi,『Loudly declare the triggering of the demon eyes』, with that gap in mind I inflicted some damage to Dionis before Elfi give the decisive blow with her demon eyes.<br/>
Although Elfi ‘s declaration was intentional, it was a good thing that Dionis did not notice anything.<br/>
 <br/>
「The overlay of reinforcement magic……it seemed going to cost a considerable burden on you」(Elfi)<br/>
「When I shook my sword with all my strength, my bones fractured at the same time. But I should be healed soon because I have drunk a potion」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
As expected, I might die if I overdo it in that state. It is possible to overlay again with the “Triple Acceleration”, but I will definitely not do it again.<br/>
 <br/>
「……Did you hit him?」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
I pointed to the bursting smoke and questioned Elfi.<br/>
And Elfi shook her head and replied.<br/>
 <br/>
「If it is the life force of the Onizoku, it will be a degree of fatal injury. Probably, several limbs may be blown out」(Elfi)<br/>
「Ah, that’s relieving」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
My mind won’t settled if he had been killed in that explosion.<br/>
Let me restore you lightly with the potion so you won’t die too soon, then, shall I take my vengeance slowly and thoroughly?<br/>
Thanks to the potion, I feel that the damage on my body is healing. I’m glad that I have prepared a high-level potion beforehand.<br/>
 <br/>
「Now」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
Exactly at the time when the bursting smoke settled down and about to confirm how much damage has it inflict on Dionis while I’m going to collect the『Keystone』for Karen.<br/>
It was the moment when I confirmed that my arm’s bones had recovered and stood up.<br/>
 <br/>
「Io――――!?」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
The expression of Elfi who turned her gaze to the bursting smoke changed as she tries to shout something. But right after she just about to say something, the figure of Elfi that was right next to me has disappeared before my eyes.<br/>
 <br/>
「Elfiiiー!?」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
No, it is different.<br/>
A little far behind from the place where she stood until then. Several swords were stuck in the abdomen of Elfi who was on her knee.<br/>
 <br/>
「What has hap……!」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
She was attacked.<br/>
The moment when I was about to jump back to perceive what is going on.<br/>
 <br/>
「……Wha!?」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
The sword which came flying from the bursting smoke has scraped off the flesh on my left foot completely.<br/>
I lose my balance and fall down to the ground.<br/>
 <br/>
「Guh……」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
The first thing I felt was heat.<br/>
It’s burning.<br/>
The heat that completely different from being warmed by a fire.<br/>
 <br/>
「Gu……uuh」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
The moment when the wound which opened greatly was visually seen, the heat have turned into a severe pain. Those pains run through the nerve inside my body.<br/>
My bone was peeping out between the ripped flesh. Due to the intense pain, my sight was blinked in white many times.<br/>
It to the degree where I bear it by clenching my teeth and as I try to reach out to the potions――――<br/>
 <br/>
「Ha……GAaaAH……!?」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
*woosh* wind cutting is audible.<br/>
Subsequently, my right hand that reaching the pouch was sewn to the ground by the sword that came flying. I can see that the blade has penetrated through the back of my hand.<br/>
Then I discovered that the sword which stuck in my hand shone for a moment before it disappeared without a trace.<br/>
The only thing left is my right hand with a hole in it.<br/>
 <br/>
「What……is that?」(Iori)<br/>
「……I’ve forgotten what I did. It is a trade secret to the small fry who use a trick, don’t you think?」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
Dionis revealed himself from the bursting smoke.<br/>
 <br/>
「What……!?」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
The demon eyes of Elfi should have hit him directly.<br/>
Even though, his body had no damage from the explosion.<br/>
The wound that he was being cut open is already blocked.<br/>
It’s ridiculous.<br/>
To be unscathed after receiving such blow, it was something impossible……<br/>
 <br/>
「……I’m glad that I put this on」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
What Dionis took out from his bosom has answered the question, it was a single bill. At the next moment, the bill burst into flames before turns crumble into ashes.<br/>
 <br/>
「The『Amulet of Substitution』and do you remember? Before getting onto the Demon King castle, it is a magic item that was supposed to be handed to you. I’m glad that I put it in my pocket for just in case」(Dionis)<br/>
「As for the article that wasn’t able to come into my possession……As expected, it was all your bastard doing, hah……!」(Iori)<br/>
「That is probably you are a quite undesirable person, aren’t you? Thanks to your lack of popularity, I have escaped my death」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
Dionis waving his hand.<br/>
Shortly afterwards, a sword appeared behind him.<br/>
It was like a self-evoked bullet that aiming toward me.<br/>
 <br/>
「……!?」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
I perform evasion movement by moving my body with the usable left hand and right foot. My left shoulder is gouged by the blade as I unable to completely dodge it.<br/>
 <br/>
「Ha……Gah」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
My visibility is distorted as if I was intoxicated by the severe pain being gouged by the blade.<br/>
What the hell did he do……!?<br/>
 <br/>
「There’s nothing special to say regarding Amatsu’s tricks……That’s right, but you’re good Elfisuzaku」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
The line of sight of Dionis is directed to Elfi.<br/>
Elfi who was supposed to have penetrated by multiple blades on the abdomen, but before I knew the sword had already disappeared.<br/>
It seems that she had not received any considerable damage, thanks to the alter ego body being penetrated.<br/>
 <br/>
「That demon eyes is a wonderful power. You are far inferior to your heydey……Nevertheless, I was surprised as it cost me the untouched three decades insurance. I’m sorry for having to underestimate you」(Dionis)<br/>
「……Shut your trap」(Elfi)<br/>
「――So, let me show you all of my strength」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
The atmosphere that wore by Dionis was changed.<br/>
The wind is blowing in the room that should have been sealed.<br/>
 <br/>
「First of all, the first one. It is proof that I am the strongest of the Onizoku」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
The forehead of Dionis――A change occurs at the corner which was covered with the bangs which could not be seen.<br/>
Sounds of something *BakiBaki* creaking resonate.<br/>
Immediately after, the horn of Dionis has grown to the length of the blade of a knife.<br/>
 <br/>
「――Oni(Ogre) conversion. Temporarily increase the body’s ability and magical power to the limit, it was the secret of the Onizoku. The technique which had been handed down in the Onizoku was belonged to the demon king army since eons ago. There was no one who could use this, and in the present Onizoku――Only I have reached this point!!」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
The amount of magical power leaking from Dionis increases sharply.<br/>
I could see that his thin figure was growing bigger.<br/>
 <br/>
「……To use the secret art of the four heavenly kings the “Vajra”, huh?」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
Elfi muttered with a fierce expression as if she had an idea of what it is.<br/>
 <br/>
「I’m not done yet」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
The Dionis averted his eyes from Elfi and looked at me. Dionis lifted his haughtily face that filled with a detestable look.<br/>
 <br/>
「I didn’t like it all that much, you know. In that party, I was the only one who had not reached the pinnacle of magic」(Dionis)<br/>
「……what are?」(Iori)<br/>
「For you, you had unique magic the『Proof of Hero』and Lusers was able to use the “Lost Magic”, while Lucifina was a user of the “Mental Magic”. It was only me who did not have anything」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
But it was a story about three decades ago, said Dionis in inducing tone.<br/>
 <br/>
「I keep repeating on my research by using a large number of humans as the experimental subject and in order for I to be able to use it, I have made additional arrangement to it!!……I have struggled to reach this point. To reached the pinnacle of magic」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
Magical power gathers around Dionis. Then, while being boastful, Dionis mentioned the name of the magic.<br/>
 <br/>
「――”Lost Magic・Blade Trigger”――」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
At that instant.<br/>
More than thirty swords appeared around Dionis.<br/>
I finally noticed the true identity of the sword that appeared out of nowhere.<br/>
The sword was not concealed somewhere.<br/>
Dionis was・・・・・・・・・instantly creating the swords by his own magic.<br/>
 <br/>
「Lost magic……you say」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
Lost Magic.<br/>
Along with the Mental Magic, it was a magic that is regarded as a magic that has reached the pinnacle of magic. There a lot of magicians were aiming for the pinnacle of magic.<br/>
Dionis who has gain it exclaims.<br/>
 <br/>
「The present I have surpassed the former you!!」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
At the same time, the floating sword is directed at me. At the same time Dionis shook down his arm, all swords were shot like bullets.<br/>
 <br/>
「……!?」(Iori)<br/>
「――Heal your wounds!」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
Immediately after a myriad of blades glittered.<br/>
With a scream, Elfi jumped in front of me.<br/>
 <br/>
「――”Demon arm・Rupture Break “」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
Using the claws of magic, Elfi hits the storm of the sword. Whenever the arm of Elfi are shaken, multiple swords are bounced off and disappear as magical particles. Even one of the swords does not reach me in the series of onslaughts.<br/>
 <br/>
「Hmph, It’s nothing like a barrage of water bullets」(Elfi)<br/>
「……Oh, do you think so?」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
As Dionis is launched the newly created sword.<br/>
I saw the distorted look filled with malice of Dionis ahead of the sword-storm, and I understood it well.<br/>
――That is dangerous.<br/>
 <br/>
「Dodge it ElFiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiー!!」(Iori)<br/>
「!?」(Elfi)<br/>
「It’s already too late, you idiot!!」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
There are numerous swords came flying.<br/>
It was just before Elfi played it with her claw. All of it begins to emit ominous light all at once.<br/>
 <br/>
「――”Break Magic”」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
Joyous filled chanting of Dionis reached my ear.<br/>
Immediately after that.<br/>
All those swords have exploded while dyeing my sight in white.<br/>
 <br/>
◆<br/>
 <br/>
「EL……Fi……!」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
I was blown away by the blast and rolling on the ground, I understood what happened.<br/>
That sword which Dionis has produced.<br/>
All of them are magic items.<br/>
The sword that contained magical power inside――So, naturally, he can explode it by using the “Break Magic”.<br/>
It was something irregular, to created such things as magic items by very own magical powers.<br/>
As the sword itself cannot sustain its magical power it will disappear in a few seconds later, still considering the power of “Break Magic”, it was atrocious enough.<br/>
 <br/>
「Uu……Guh」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
At the tip of my view, I saw the figure of Elfi who has suffered by a burn on her whole body. It is likely for her to collapse even she was on her knee right now.<br/>
 <br/>
「To be alive albeit receiving all those attacks, as expected from the former Maou!……In comparison with that unshapeliness of the former brave, don’t you think?」(Dionis)<br/>
「You bas……tard」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
The almost uninjured Dionis was laugh while pointing at me.<br/>
 <br/>
「Ahahaha, Amatsu. Are you still going to fight?」(Dionis)<br/>
「It is na……tural」(Iori)<br/>
「It’s important to not give up, but sometimes it’s important to see reality too, don’t you think so?」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
Needless to say, the situation was the worst. I’m not yet healed from the wounds being ripped by the sword. Elfi was under considerable damage after getting caught up in the explosion.<br/>
……What should I do.<br/>
How can I turn this situation over?<br/>
First of all, I can’t move if I don’t cure the wounds of my limbs.<br/>
Will Dionis even wait for that to happen?<br/>
……It’s impossible.<br/>
I could develop the “Il Atalaxia*” as means of my safety. TN Magic Break/Damage Suppression<br/>
……It unreasonable.<br/>
I have not enough strength to prevent lost magic.<br/>
Then, Elfi……<br/>
No, it’s impossible.<br/>
Elfi is still unable to move even if I intend to receive such explosion head on.<br/>
 <br/>
「……!!」(Iori)<br/>
「You know what, Amatsu. You guys are already defeated」(Dionis)<br/>
「DIONISー……!」(Iori)<br/>
「Ahahahahahahahahー!!」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
Due to the effect of continuation-type potion, the wounds are healing little by little. Until my foot is at least heal by the effect, I should earn us some time……!<br/>
 <br/>
「Amatsuu! I have a good suggestion, do you want to listen?」(Dionis)<br/>
「……What is it?」(Iori)<br/>
「While grovelling in the ground and licking the floor with upturned eyes, in apologies say『I have no calibre of a Hero, I’m just incompetence scum who can’t even do anything without borrowing a 『Power』, I might spare your life, you know?」(Dionis)<br/>
「Don’t fuck with……!」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
No……wait.<br/>
This is a chance.<br/>
Let’s pleased him while healing the wound in the meantime――<br/>
 <br/>
「Ga……Aaargh!?」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
At the moment, a sword was stuck in my right leg. I roll on the ground due to the shock while scattering the blood all over.<br/>
 <br/>
「AhaHaHahAha」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
Dionis loudly laughs while pointing at me and holding his belly.<br/>
 <br/>
「――To spare your life!? Why do you believe unconditionally what others say? I don’t understand you」(Dionis)<br/>
「……!」(Iori)<br/>
「There is no worth to spare your live, however……」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
But you’re different, as Dionis turned his gaze to Elfi.<br/>
 <br/>
「――You who was the former Demon King are different」(Dionis)<br/>
「……What, are」(Elfi)<br/>
「I will make you a king demon if you cut down Amatsu and partner with me」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
Elfi shouted back at the proposal.<br/>
 <br/>
「Don’t……be silly!」(Elfi)<br/>
「I obtained overwhelming power but this is not enough and I understood it in this fight. If it you, you deserve to join forces with me」(Dionis)<br/>
「Who……with a bastard like you……!」(Elfi)<br/>
「No, call it associate. With you, you see」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
“Good grief!” right after a tone such as to persuade a disobedient child.<br/>
A sword has pierced Elfi chest.<br/>
 <br/>
「Ga……buh!!」(Elfi)<br/>
「Me or Amatsu, I’ll let you know which is the smartest one to partner with」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
Dionis approaches the fallen Elfi.<br/>
What happened next are<br/>
It was one-sided violence that wasn’t something to call a fight.<br/>
 <br/>
◆<br/>
 <br/>
「Didn’t you want to avenge Ortegia? Actually, I wanted to kill Ortegia, too」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
First of all Elfi’s eyes were being slashed.<br/>
Elfi groans as her demon eyes are being sealed.<br/>
 <br/>
「Although you’re weak, you’re so bossy. Most of all, I don’t like it」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
After that, Dionis slashed Elfi’s body with a sword over and over again.<br/>
 <br/>
「As for those bunch in the Maou forces was laughing behind my back with『The likes of Onizoku』I cannot forgive that. Therefore I will kill the demon king as I make the demonstration of my power to them. I’ll make them regret it.……But I do not want to be the next demon king because it is troublesome」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
While a small knife is being stirred in the abdomen of Elfi.<br/>
 <br/>
「So if you cooperate with me, the seat of the demon king will be handed over to you. Elfisuzaku, Elfisuzaku Van・・・・Giraldo」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
Van.<br/>
That is the title given only to the demon king.<br/>
While *ZakuZaku* stabbing and gouging Elfi with a sword, Dionis whispers it repeatedly.<br/>
Become my associate.<br/>
 <br/>
「If you are willing to form an alliance with me, I’ll treat your injuries immediately. I apologize for your subordinate whom I kill. Moreover, I have information related to your subordinate and I can tell you that」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
He was messing around.<br/>
But if I try to help Elfi, that sword will come flying at me in no time. I really want to avoid any fatal injuries to occurs in the meantime.<br/>
I can not do anything because my wounds are barely being cured right now……<br/>
 <br/>
「It’s amazing, the eyeball which I cut has been already cured. So, this is the power of the highest rank Mazoku. It does not seem to be a lie to revive even if I kill you」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
As Dionis said so, he cut both Elfi eyes again.<br/>
 <br/>
「……n!」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
Elfi does not scream and only leaks a muffled voice.<br/>
 <br/>
「I have learned in the process of making slaves for the last three decades, you know. No matter how strong their will are, they can’t win against the pain. They cannot fight against the fear of the death itself. For everyone, their own body was the most important thing after all」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
On the other hand, Dionis is softly whispering to Elfi while tormenting her.<br/>
 <br/>
「There is nothing to be ashamed of, because everyone does it, and nobody will attack you even if you betray Amatsu」(Dionis)<br/>
「…………」(Elfi)<br/>
「I don’t want to hurt you and everyone is the same, don’t you think so?」(Dionis)<br/>
「…………」(Elfi)<br/>
「I will end up endlessly tormenting you here, till I get you to the throne of the demon king. You ought to know which is the smartest choice, Elfisuzaku Van Giraldo. Do you not want to have this name once again?」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
――So join hands with me.<br/>
How many times did Dionis whisper to Elfi?<br/>
Cut the eyes then pierced her whole body with a sword while stirred her internal organs with a blade.<br/>
Eventually, Elfi opened her mouth.<br/>
 <br/>
「……Really」(Elfi)<br/>
「……Hmm?」(Dionis)<br/>
「Are you really……make me as the demon king?」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
I heard Elfi said that in her feeble voice.<br/>
 <br/>
「――――」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
My thoughts stopped.<br/>
 <br/>
「Of course, if you kill Amatsu that’s lying over there with your own hands, I will acknowledge you as my associate」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
Elfi was released.<br/>
While suffering a wound in her whole body and having a roughening breath, Elfi took a glance at my direction.<br/>
Her slitted eyes are almost healed.<br/>
 <br/>
「……El…fi」(Iori)<br/>
「――――」(Elfi)<br/>
「ELFIー……!!」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
I call out to her.<br/>
But there is no reply.<br/>
 <br/>
「AHahahaha! Even though you have just been betrayed by us, but there is absolutely no improvement at all! It has been three decades has passed but you haven’t understood it yet! Scum like you will be thrown away when you lost your value!!」(Dionis)<br/>
「……Ah……」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
Elfi stands up.<br/>
She’s looking at me with her crimson eyes, her demon eyes are activated.<br/>
So, I’ll be killed.<br/>
 <br/>
「…………!」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
The risk was acceptable because I fully understood the possibility such as this very well.<br/>
But this.<br/>
However……Elfi would be saved, will she?<br/>
If judging from the way of speaking of that fellow, it is true that he going to use Elfi.<br/>
If she going to be saved, then……<br/>
Am I an Idiot.<br/>
Even if she survived in this place, the only thing waiting for her in the future is being killed after she being completely used.<br/>
Damn, what am I thinking?<br/>
I can not afford to die in such a place.<br/>
I have not fulfilled my revenge yet.<br/>
As for me.<br/>
Am I going to be betrayed and die again?<br/>
 <br/>
「Even for a fellow Avenger, it is strange that they get together. Amatsu, you wanted someone to lick your wound? That’s why you believed her, right? Regrettable! As a result, you will be betrayed again!」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
As his ridiculed echoes.<br/>
 <br/>
「Iori」(Elfi)<br/>
「――――」(Iori)<br/>
「I can’t end up in this place」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
So, I’m going to die here.<br/>
It was the moment I thought so.<br/>
 <br/>
「――Nevertheless, I’d rather be dead than betray my friends」(Elfi)<br/>
「Hah……?」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
As Elfi was looking back swiftly. Beyond her line of sight, there is Dionis with a stupid expression of his.<br/>
Before the Crimson light blows off Dionis.<br/>
Elfi gets closer to the stunned me.<br/>
 <br/>
「That was such a terrible face, Iori」(Elfi)<br/>
「……Elfi」(Iori)<br/>
「Didn’t I told you?」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
It was a gentle voice.<br/>
Elfi smiled thinly as she said.<br/>
 <br/>
「――I will never betray you」(Elfi)<br/>
「……Ah」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
I remembered it.<br/>
Words of Elfi during those exchanged at the Labyrinth of Hades.<br/>
――As long as you are my friend, I will not betray you.<br/>
 <br/>
「Don’t fuck……with me! Elfisuzaku! How dare you return my kindness with hostility!!」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
The outcry of the wrath of being blown away Dionis echoes.<br/>
 <br/>
「I’ll kill you……! I will kill you!」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
A magical power of Dionis began to gush out. His current amount of magical power is clear enough to make me realise that back then he was just playing around. Even if we were in perfect condition, we don’t know if we could even win against that.<br/>
 <br/>
「As expected, with that single blow it won’t be enough to beat that fellow」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
Although she said that, Elfi’s voice was strangely calm.<br/>
She looks back at me only once more time before return her gaze to Dionis.<br/>
Then, as she let out a sigh, she said.<br/>
 <br/>
「Escape from here Iori」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
Okay, this is the last chapter for today <br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 