<br/>
Translator: Norva<br/>
Hello everyone, as I told before the『Hero Reproduction』(Kanji) is also known as『The Rise』(Katakana)……..Yeah, I know the word “Reproduction” was quite…um…well you know….Anyway, here the newly translated chapter  <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
「Ha……you startled me with that dead body of yours. Fine, if it’s the case, I’m gonna kill that woman right now!」(Dionis)<br/>
As the furious Dionis releasing his suppressed magical power for the purpose of tormenting Elfisuzaku.<br/>
Space is wavering like the shaking surface of a water before innumerable swords which contained an abominable magical power to appears.<br/>
「Farewell, Elfisuzaku! Don’t worry, because Amatsu will soon follow after you!」(Dionis)<br/>
While making some high-pitched harsh ridicule, Dionis swung down his arm.<br/>
As a signal to that, numerous blades that like bullets are launched toward Elfisuzaku who had been crucified.<br/>
 <br/>
――So, this is it, huh.<br/>
 <br/>
The death which cannot be avoided approaches.<br/>
The death that awaits Elfisuzaku was a darkness where there is no sound nor light.<br/>
Her body is trembling while her breath is disordered, and she was paralyzed just by recalling that darkness.<br/>
It was something impossible for she who was crucified to be saved anymore.<br/>
Hence,<br/>
 <br/>
――So, at least I want Iori to live.<br/>
 <br/>
Is the final wish of Elfisuzaku who already give up.<br/>
 <br/>
一Frightened by the death of second ahead, she closed her eyes.<br/>
 <br/>
「――――」(Elfi)<br/>
However, there was no impact.<br/>
While she could felt there’s a breeze.<br/>
Then followed by the continuous sound of iron shattering.<br/>
What happened?<br/>
As the bewildered Elfisuzaku opens her eyes.<br/>
All the swords that were approaching toward her were shattered into pieces.<br/>
Absolutely, not a single one of them remained.<br/>
At such event which should be astounded, the consciousness of Elfisuzaku is already turned at something else.<br/>
 <br/>
―――The wavering flame that came into her sight.<br/>
 <br/>
「――――」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
A gentle warm flame.<br/>
Although it took her a couple of seconds to grasp that it was not the true nature of the flame. Because of the true identity of the gently swaying flames――Was no other the youth whom she knew well.<br/>
 <br/>
「I, Iori」(Elfi)<br/>
 <br/>
However, Iori’s fighting spirit was totally different from usual.<br/>
The pressure itself is strong enough to overwhelm Elfisuzaku’s who was a former demon king herself.<br/>
That’s right.<br/>
 <br/>
――It is totally like the hero from some time ago.<br/>
 <br/>
「Thanks, Elfi」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
The『Crimson Armor』――The area which dyes by the Crimson colour will be increased depending on the amount of magical power of the wielder.<br/>
And now, it was completely dyed in crimson.<br/>
Iori turns over to her which has made his overcoat swaying like a flame as it reacts to his movement.<br/>
And in a gentle tone, he says.<br/>
 <br/>
「――It’ll be all right now」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
His sword with an excellent blade was emitting the radiance of the jade as he holding it in his hand. In that instant, the sword which sewing the limbs of Elfisuzaku to the wall is broken and scattered.<br/>
Immediately as she was falling facing toward the water, she sensed her body are floating gently.<br/>
When she regained her senses, before she knew it she was being embraced by Iori.<br/>
Thus, Iori leapt and reached to the entrance of the room in no time, before he put Elfisuzaku gently on the floor.<br/>
「…………」(Dionis)<br/>
While remaining silent, Dionis is invoking the “Blade Trigger”.<br/>
The blade that has been created is fired consecutively and comes flying to Iori.<br/>
 <br/>
However――<br/>
 <br/>
「Soft Sword・Sixth Ogre Sword――”Crumbling Blade”」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
All the swords were shattered into pieces by a single attack of Iori sword.<br/>
As those swords didn’t even have a chance to explode as it happened in a second.<br/>
 <br/>
「Ha, Hah!?」(Dionis)<br/>
 <br/>
In such spectacle, Dionis exclaiming and shouting.<br/>
「What was that……! You were supposed to losing your power, weren’t you!?」(Dionis)<br/>
「……What are you so surprised about? That’s the technique you taught me」(Iori)<br/>
Iori remained calm opposite to the shaken Dionis.<br/>
Dionis is furious after saw such figure,<br/>
「Did you hide your power……!? Amatsu, you tricked me! You coward!!」(Dionis)<br/>
Assuming that Iori was hiding his power, Dionis is enraged and raved. But Elfisuzaku was aware of it. The magical power he wears is somewhat different from the past.<br/>
Strong magical power and unshaken heart. The domain where it was allowed for those who have combined the two are allowed to reach. It rivalling to the lost magic, the hidden mysteries of the magic.<br/>
Its name is,<br/>
「――”Mental Magic”」(Elfi)<br/>
――Amatsuki Iori has now reached the pinnacle of magic.<br/>
「Hah! It is too late to get serious now! Because I! Has completely surpassed! You!!」(Dionis)<br/>
As Dionis roars.<br/>
He was releasing all his magical power and developed countless swords around him. It was not the degree of the number up to now, and the amount of magical power that was put in was also enormous.<br/>
「Just wait a bit――I’ll end it shortly」(Iori)<br/>
Iori calmly said it while facing him.<br/>
Immediately after that, the wind blew along with the figure of Iori in front of her vanishes at the same time.<br/>
「Prepare to meet your doom, AMATSUUUU!!」(Dionis)<br/>
As the Water Demon Lord unleash his loss magic like a tempest.<br/>
The former hero who using his mental magic is running through it.<br/>
「――――」<br/>
As the blade that hit Iori crumbles down and scatters.<br/>
一In a blink of an instant, Iori has shortened the distance without stopping his feet.<br/>
In reaction to such figure, it sends chills down to Dionis’ spine.<br/>
「――!! “Break Magic” 」(Dionis)<br/>
Dionis impatiently snaps his finger. Which caused the magic swords which are filled with enormous magical power to rampage before causing a tremendous explosion.<br/>
Before the explosion with the power surpassing even the Elfisuzaku’s demon eyes, Iori is――<br/>
「SーSuch!?」(Dionis)<br/>
――Leaving the explosion behind, he has approached before the eye of Dionis.<br/>
「――Did you think you could reach this level of speed?」(Iori)<br/>
Dionis opens his eyes wide in surprise by a single blow of the speediness like the act of God.<br/>
Even “Triple Acceleration” is not worth considering by such flash that causes Dionis can only take a defensive posture.<br/>
The instant he receives a flash of shining Jade Longsword.<br/>
「BuhARGHH!?」(Dionis)<br/>
The world he sees has reversed.<br/>
It is not possible to determine which one is the above and which is below.<br/>
Before long, he finally realized that he was flutter about in the air after feeling a sense of floating.<br/>
He is wrapping his body with water in order to kill the impact. In his view that became normal, he saw the shadow which ran straight toward his direction.<br/>
「……Don’t come, don’t come!!」(Dionis)<br/>
As he sends a mass attack with the greatsword which he created by using the magical power of “Ogre Conversion”.<br/>
It was impossible to be avoided as it came from every direction in such perfect timing. In addition to that, the sure kill “Magic Break” is being activated with a time lag.<br/>
The past few years, Dionis has been slaughtered all his enemies with this technique.<br/>
Despite that,<br/>
「Why doesn’t it WOOOOORK!?」(Dionis)<br/>
The sweeping from every direction is all dodged.<br/>
The sword is shattered and the explosion of “Magic Break” is split by Iori. At such overwhelming magical power and strength, it has made him trembling unconsciously.<br/>
Dionis knows this power.<br/>
It was the power of the damned hero whom he fought together with for several years.<br/>
The body reinforcement by the magical power that surpassed even the Onizoku itself and the magical power that being releases are comparable with the Mazoku itself.<br/>
There’s a lot’s of things have been done to prevent the equipment or article from reaching him, make him fought with many powerful Mazoku in order to exhaust him, then deceive him into drinking poison before taken him by surprise, and finally, such monster has been killed.<br/>
It is the power that should not attainable by a powerless human.<br/>
「Bullshit! You’re the inferior species, don’t look down on me!!」(Dionis)<br/>
He unable to stomach such reality.<br/>
It was something unacceptable to him for such trash to goes beyond himself.<br/>
He stepped back many times in the wide room as he desperately to take some distance from Iori.<br/>
「――Oh, that’s right」(Dionis)<br/>
Breakthrough the sword of a storm and look at the position of approaching Iori, the face of Dionis distorted with a smile.<br/>
Consequently, he creates countless new swords.<br/>
It was not Iori where the point was directed to, but<br/>
「Your beloved Elfisuzaku are defenceless, you know!?」(Dionis)<br/>
Followed by Dionis sweeping those swords towards Elfisuzaku who was leaning against the wall as she watching over the fight.<br/>
There is no technique that is available for exhausted Elfisuzaku to use.<br/>
“And when that disgusting naive man throws himself to protect Elfisuzaku”<br/>
――I’ll skewer you there!<br/>
Dionis was having a big grin on his face while he visioning such a thing.<br/>
 <br/>
「――”Magic Usurpation”――」(Iori)<br/>
 <br/>
Instantly, it as if he saw an illusion of room being swallowed by the darkness itself.<br/>
「Eh……?」(Dionis)<br/>
All blades which were shot to Elfisuzaku had disappeared.<br/>
Yet, that’s not all.<br/>
The sword that Dionis had developed on his rear and the barrier that covered the entrance along with the trap that he placed in the room has totally disappeared.<br/>
All kinds of magic were gone in a blink of an eye.<br/>
「Wha, wha……」(Dionis)<br/>
Dionis knows this technique.<br/>
It was something that used by the “Hero Amatsu”, a unique magic that deprives and exhausts the surrounding magical power.<br/>
「――You are the one, who defenceless, you know」(Iori)<br/>
「Hii…!」(Dionis)<br/>
A slash did by Iori.<br/>
「Soft Sword・Fifth Ogre Sword――”Crushing Collision”」(Iori)<br/>
「DーDon’t underestimate me――ah!?」(Dionis)<br/>
Dionis prepares himself at the approaching blow of the sword.<br/>
The soft sword is a sword technique that capable to ward off the magical attacks.<br/>
He tries to counter hit against the attack of Iori.<br/>
「Imposー!?」(Dionis)<br/>
The instant when he did that, the shock runs through the handle of his sword.<br/>
The bone of the finger of his left hand which was grasping the handle is broke due to the shock.<br/>
「GYAAaaaAAAAaAAAA!!」(Dionis)<br/>
Once, Dionis remembers the sense of superiority to Iori who beg him for taught the sword technique that he actually whimsically taught him.<br/>
The soft sword with a lot of counter technique that turned into an aggressive attack, Dionis very own unique sword technique―― The “Ogre Sword”.<br/>
Currently, was attacking Dionis itself.<br/>
「It’s a lie」(Dionis)<br/>
Dionis releases magic while being blowing away.<br/>
「Lie, lie, lie! Such a thing! It’s a lie!」(Dionis)<br/>
Not only the sword, the water bullet, the water serpent, all attack which he can use was shot in rapid succession randomly.<br/>
「――――」<br/>
The serpent is drawn out from the ominous water sphere. But it was being cut down with one stroke of the Hero Amatsu sword.<br/>
Next, he shoots hundreds of water bullets. However, Hero Amatsu avoids with a minimal movement.<br/>
After that, he poured the water current with his highest magical power.<br/>
Once again, with just a single word from Hero Amatsu, the magic has been erased completely.<br/>
Even if he bares his fangs with all his might.<br/>
Whatever trick he might use.<br/>
The Hero Amatsu corners the water ogre Dionis head on.<br/>
Impossible to surpass.<br/>
He unable to have such illusions.<br/>
He can’t even deny it.<br/>
Why was he called as a Hero of salvation?<br/>
Why was the Mazoku being cornered by him?<br/>
Everything was being told by those martial and magic skills.<br/>
「It’s impossible! For such a thing!」(Dionis)<br/>
The reality before his eyes won’t change even if he denies it.<br/>
Still, Dionis had no choice but to scream.<br/>
Toward such appearance of him, Iori scornfully distorts his mouth.<br/>
「『It’s important to not give up, but sometimes it’s important to look at reality』, wasn’t it?」(Iori)<br/>
「……!」(Dionis)<br/>
「I will return it back to present you」(Iori)<br/>
「A……AmaaaaAAAA!!」(Dionis)<br/>
While erasing Dionis magic, Amatsu keeps approaching him.<br/>
As for the loss magic which he attains after long training and the water magic which is suitable for the title of “Water Ogre” does not reach Iori, too.<br/>
Impossible.<br/>
It is strange.<br/>
That fellow should be looked down on by me.<br/>
To grovel on the ground and beg for forgiveness.<br/>
「Why, why are you looking down on MEEEEEEEEEE!!」(Dionis)<br/>
The approaching Iori eyes were cold.<br/>
It is the eye that totally looks at the filth.<br/>
To look down on me.<br/>
I’m the Water Demon Lord.<br/>
「No, nooo」(Dionis)<br/>
Dionis shakes his head in denial.<br/>
「No, no, no! Do not look down on me with that mere human position of yours!!!!」(Dionis)<br/>
He invokes the “Blade Trigger” with all his magical powers.<br/>
The most powerful blow where he put all his magical powers on every single one of the sword that further strengthened by his water magic.<br/>
If it were the previous Iori, those power alone enough to erased him without even using such technique.<br/>
Nevertheless,<br/>
「――Say, Dionis」(Iori)<br/>
One swing.<br/>
With that alone, such attack has completely vanished without a trace.<br/>
「Hii」(Dionis)<br/>
「I didn’t notice it because we were friend, but」(Iori)<br/>
「Stop it! Don’t say it! Don’t――」(Dionis)<br/>
It was the word that Dionis did not want to hear most.<br/>
「――You’re unexpectedly weak」(Iori)<br/>
「AAAAAaaaaAAAHHHH」(Dionis)<br/>
He is being looked down by Amatsu who was a mere human.<br/>
Dionis screams due to such reality.<br/>
「……If I judge it by my ability in the days when I was a Hero, though」(Iori)<br/>
「This, this is strange! This is wrong no matter how I think about it!」(Dionis)<br/>
There’s no use to argue about it.<br/>
Iori approaches before his eyes.<br/>
「Wait……waitwaitwaitwait, Please Wait!」(Dionis)<br/>
Hence, the “Magic Usurpation” has snatched the magical power that was put to the sword,<br/>
「I understood! I return it! I will return it!」(Dionis)<br/>
He took out the『Keystone』which was kept in his pocket and showed it to Iori.<br/>
However, Iori will not stop.<br/>
「 I-I apologize! I’m sorry! It was my fault!」(Dionis)<br/>
He does not stop.<br/>
「Tーthat’s right! Wーwhat about these guys?」(Dionis)<br/>
Snapping his finger, he calls out the crystals containing large amounts of women.<br/>
the women inside are already dead in despair and suffering, while Iori keeps approaching him.<br/>
Dionis lifted his hand to threaten, but it was when he finally noticed that there was Iori who already went into motion with a sword in front.<br/>
「WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, PLEASE WAIT!!」(Dionis)<br/>
「――――」(Iori)<br/>
「Friend! Aren’t we are friend!? We have travelled together for years! Are you intent on killing such friend!? Hーhey, Amatsu, try to remember those old days――」(Dionis)<br/>
Rapidly spouting some bullshit.<br/>
「――Just shut your damn trap, already」(Iori)<br/>
His words were cut off as the sword which contains an overwhelming magical power is being swung down.<br/>
「HiaaaaAAAAAAHHH!?」(Dionis)<br/>
While having a sense where space is distorted.<br/>
Dionis consciousness was reaped just by experiencing that alone.<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 