<br/>
Translator: Norva<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
At the time when I opened my eyes, there is a red-haired woman who was looking into my face.<br/>
「!?」(Iori)<br/>
「Kyaa!」<br/>
Seeing that, I instinctively raise my body before both of our foreheads to collide accidentally with each other in agony.<br/>
That pain has made me realize that I already in the mansion of Karen’s.<br/>
「Uugh……」(Karen)<br/>
……Karen is holding her head with teary eyes.<br/>
 <br/>
Since the events with Dionis, I collected the labyrinth core while Elfi recovers her body part.<br/>
At that time, I was using all the potions I had in my possession and forcing my body to move, yet after reaching the limit.<br/>
I have fainted on the spot.<br/>
「I was glad that both of you are alive……!」(Karen)<br/>
Karen said with that with her trembling voice while shaking her red hair.<br/>
According to Karen’s story, the soldier who led by her seems to have brought us here.<br/>
As soon as the labyrinth stops, the demonic beings which were in a state of panic have fled out of the labyrinth.<br/>
Karen who had been on the watch for it was annihilating those demonic beings and it seems that she stepped into the labyrinth after handling with it.<br/>
Because the labyrinth core is gone, the insides of the poison swamp seem to have become harmless. Fortunately, the rest of the traps has malfunctioned, too.<br/>
We have been rescued for about half a day after the labyrinth stopped.<br/>
It seems that has I slept for more than two days.<br/>
That right, regarding that fellow.<br/>
「……That’s right. As for Elfi……?」(Iori)<br/>
Because there is no figure of Elfi in the room. Moreover, she was being tormented by Dionis harsher than me.<br/>
After drinking the potion, both of us has exact our revenge on Dionis…….<br/>
Noway, could it be,<br/>
「Elfi-san was collapsed overlap with Iori-san」(Karen)<br/>
「……So, where is she now?」(Iori)<br/>
「She have woke up half a day ago and now she’s eating」(Karen)<br/>
……Ah, she seems to be fine.<br/>
「Is the village all right?」(Iori)<br/>
「Yes, now it has settled down 」(Karen)<br/>
However, it seems that there are several victims has appeared after the occurrence of Dionis raid.<br/>
Karen said that there are two territories were devastated and now they are doing reconstruction work.<br/>
「……Is that so?」(Iori)<br/>
「Please do not do such a face. It’s thanks to both Iori-san and Elfi-san, we got off with damage of this level」(Karen)<br/>
In contrast with the face of Karen who said so, there is no despair could be trace from her expression albeit she was tired herself.<br/>
「Thanks to the both of you, my territory……No, a lot of people have been saved. And also to removed the labyrinth that has threatened the empire……I’m really thankful to both of you」(Karen)<br/>
I am at a loss for words to Karen who lowered her head at me because I just moved for the sake of my revenge.<br/>
There is no right for me to be thanked here.<br/>
「……That’s right, I got this back from the Water Demon Lord」(Iori)<br/>
「The『Keystone』……!」(Karen)<br/>
I collected it securely before killing Dionis.<br/>
「It may be too late to pass it now because the labyrinth is already gone……」(Iori)<br/>
「No」(Karen)<br/>
Karen shook her head and said,<br/>
「This stone, are crystals of will of the Rayford family such『I want to protect my people」and thank you for gaining it back」(Karen)<br/>
「Is that so」(Iori)<br/>
「But……right」(Karen)<br/>
While Karen holding the keystone, she murmured.<br/>
「It is no longer necessary to seal the labyrinth anymore」(Karen)<br/>
Karen placed it on her lap as she feels relieved.<br/>
「Yeah……that’s right……」(Karen)<br/>
As tears *PoloPolo* fall from her eyes.<br/>
After her parents died, she must fulfil her obligation as a lord.<br/>
Thus, I had been listening to the sobbing of a woman who was liberated from such burden for a while.<br/>
 <br/>
◆<br/>
 <br/>
As the flame is being shot.<br/>
The corpse of the lined victim burns in a blink of an eye.<br/>
I could see black smoke rising to the sky.<br/>
The peoples whose died caused by Dionis and the demonic beings.<br/>
Then, a funeral for the women who was become the specimens of Dionis.<br/>
「…………」<br/>
The people who were trapped in the crystal had already been dead. Even me and Elfi could not think of any way to save them.<br/>
Furthermore, years have passed since the time when they were trapped.<br/>
Judging from what we heard from Dionis, those victims don’t have family, friends and the village where they used to live anymore.<br/>
I wonder if I only cause unnecessary trouble for those women at those places that were helped by me back then?<br/>
「……No」(Iori)<br/>
It is a reasoning of egoism living person.<br/>
Nobody wanted to die.<br/>
They should have wanted to be saved.<br/>
Dionis said that he killed all of them because I saved them.<br/>
Are those people who were killed have a grudge against me?<br/>
I don’t know it either.<br/>
I just could only pray for their peaceful rest.<br/>
「……Excuse me」<br/>
I was called out suddenly from the behind and it is an unknown woman and girl was standing there.<br/>
「You are the one who released my mother from the Water Demon Lord, right?」<br/>
「………」(Iori)<br/>
One of the specimen women was the mother of someone who lived in this village. Moreover, it seems that the woman before me was away from the village before the raid of the Maou forces.<br/>
Therefore, she was the lone survivor of that village.<br/>
「Thank you for saving my mother……」<br/>
Said by the woman while lowering her head.<br/>
「…………」(Iori)<br/>
While grabbing the hem of my clothes, the girl next to the woman said<br/>
「Thank you for helping my grandma!」<br/>
As the black smoke was rising in the blue sky.<br/>
Far and high.<br/>
◆<br/>
Three days have passed since I woke up at Karen’s mansion.<br/>
During those times, I had Karen to look for the person based on the information that I obtained from Dionis.<br/>
「If that were the case, I heard that (s)he is now managing an orphanage in the Holy Kingdom」(Karen)<br/>
「……An orphanage?」(Iori)<br/>
「Yes, with a map……it, should be around here」(Karen)<br/>
Karen pointed to the next revenge target.<br/>
There were two of them.<br/>
It seems they were living there as a married couple.<br/>
「They both was a quite an excellent alchemist Alchemist in the past. I heard that they are known as the Holy Parents who raising a child without the relative. Are you acquainted with them Iori-san?」(Karen)<br/>
Holy Parents, aren’t they…<br/>
「……Yes, something like that」(Iori)<br/>
Aah, they were my acquaintance from three decades ago.<br/>
「I see……But please be careful because there is a strange rumour around this vicinity」(Karen)<br/>
「A strange rumour……?」(Iori)<br/>
It is just a rumour, but just in case, Karen said.<br/>
 <br/>
「A few times around this vicinity――”Hero Amatsu” seems to have been witnessed」(Karen)<br/>
 <br/>
That was a totally unexpected word.<br/>
「…………」(Iori)<br/>
「……Hou」(Elfi)<br/>
Karen gave a bitter smile as she thought that, if it these two, whatever happens, they will be fine.<br/>
 <br/>
◆<br/>
 <br/>
Leaving the Rayford territory, we were walking towards the east.<br/>
「As for being summoned to Imperial capital, was it okay to not attend it?」(Elfi)<br/>
The messenger from the emperor came over to the Rayford territory a few days ago. It was said that they wanted to meet us who subdued a labyrinth.<br/>
「Gratitude in name only because they only going to ask this and that anyway. It will be pointless to go」(Iori)<br/>
Therefore we declined it politely.<br/>
Thanks to the understanding from the Emperor’s side, they didn’t detain us forcibly, thus now we advancing to our next destination.<br/>
「Nom……Nom」(Elfi)<br/>
Elfi’s chewing sound is heard from next to me.<br/>
What she *HaguHagu* eating was roasted squid, octopus or shellfish that covered with a sauce that being stabbed on the skewer.<br/>
She had eaten it since a while ago and her hands and mouth were sticky with the sauce.<br/>
……She got dirtied herself up.<br/>
「……That’s right, Which parts that you obtain from the labyrinth?」(Iori)<br/>
「It is both legs」(Elfi)<br/>
Elfi answered while *PonPon* slapping her knee.<br/>
「Meaning that the head, both arms and both legs have returned with this, huh」(Iori)<br/>
「Umu, as for remainder just the body and heart.<br/>
As for Iori, what about you?」(Elfi)<br/>
What Elfi ask is regarding my magical power.<br/>
I absorbed the third labyrinth core.<br/>
「……To be frank, it still far from my normal condition」(Iori)<br/>
Albeit there is more magic is available than before.<br/>
It almost about 40% of my heydey and it became considerably better than the time when my magical power was not usable at all.<br/>
「……Fumu, Oh, that’s right. Then, what was that mental magic?」(Elfi)<br/>
「……that」(Iori)<br/>
The “Hero reproduction”. TN it other names are “The Rise”<br/>
At that time, it is a mental phrase that comes naturally in my head.<br/>
Because it was instant, I do not remember much of details…….<br/>
「Perhaps……the magic that reproduces my powers during the heroic era……I guess」(Iori)<br/>
I just thought I only acted merely in respond of being swept away. However, thanks to Elfi ‘s words, I learned it was not so.<br/>
It was acted because I have a feeling that『I want to help』<br/>
……As a result, the mental magic that I obtained is the skill to reproduce “that” hero is slightly complicated though.<br/>
I do not want to be a brave or a hero anymore.<br/>
「Can you use it now?」(Elfi)<br/>
「……It is complicated. I don’t think you can use it if I don’t have those feeling like that time」(Iori)<br/>
「Really? Well……Anyway, thanks to your mental magic, I was saved. Thank you, Iori」(Elfi)<br/>
I stop my legs and Elfi stares at me.<br/>
I faced her directly from the front and opened my mouth.<br/>
「……It is me who should be thankful to you」(Iori)<br/>
When Elfi was induced by Dionis, I thought I was going to be betrayed.<br/>
But Elfi told me.<br/>
It’s better to die than to betray a friend.<br/>
Besides, it was because Elfi was there I able to use the mental magic. Without that word, I would despair as it was and give up on everything.<br/>
That’s why I’m the one who should say “thank you”.<br/>
「Thanks to Elfi’s presence, I did not give it up. I was able to think that I was not just being swept away. Therefore, thank you」(Iori)<br/>
「……Hm, hmph. Naturally」(Elfi)<br/>
While looking at the other way, Elfi is haughty cross her arm.<br/>
「You told me before, “You decide by yourself whether you can trust or not”」(Iori)<br/>
「……Umu*」(Elfi) TN Yep*<br/>
Dionis was saying.<br/>
Even for a fellow Avenger, it is strange that they get together<br/>
I think so too.<br/>
Even if the purpose is the same, but those who are betrayed after all are merely used to licking each other’s wounds.<br/>
Even so.<br/>
「If it with you, I thought that I could achieve my vengeance until the end」(Iori)<br/>
Therefore.<br/>
「――I will trust you, Elfisuzaku」(Iori)<br/>
“You’re late” as Elfi laughs.<br/>
Her face is dirty with the sauce of the seafood skewer sauce and it messed up a lot. Still, by taking revenge on Dionis, I think that I push forward one more step once again.<br/>
――Therefore.<br/>
With Olivia and Dionis.<br/>
With this, I was able to retaliate on four of them. However, there are still many revenge targets.<br/>
If I use the acquired mental magic I will be able to break through Luser’s “Karma of Reverse Burial”.<br/>
Just wait.<br/>
As for the remaining revenge targets, I will kill every single one of them.<br/>
――For me to move on.<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 