<br/>
Translator: Norva<br/>
Editor: Oscuras<br/>
 <br/>
The mud bear came closer while turning its bloodshot eyes this way.<br/>
We intercept the two of them which came to us.<br/>
The mud bear is a ferocious demon but is a coward at the same time.<br/>
When its being attacked by their opponents, they would get frightened by the pain.<br/>
Furthermore, they should escape from that place if you inflicted more damage to them.<br/>
「Hah!」(Iori)<br/>
It evades my downward blow that had all my strength in it as the mud bear scoops it up in a<br/>
flash.<br/>
Though its blood gushes out, it seems that it isn't enough to cut it off.<br/>
While groaning in pain, the bear once again swung down its arm.<br/>
Countering that, I avoid it by sidestepping it off. E/N:Changed dance it off to sidestepping.<br/>
At the same time, I concentrate my attack on the part that I cut earlier.<br/>
The blood is scattered all over as the movement speed of its right arm has fallen as it is.<br/>
So, I back off deliberately to provoke the mud bear to go on offensive.<br/>
Toward the arms that flung against the ground, I swung down my sword from an overhead<br/>
position.<br/>
Thus, the right arm of the mud bear falls to the ground.<br/>
The mud bear should try to escape after being inflicted with damage that cost it one of its<br/>
arms――<br/>
『――――』<br/>
Or it should have, as it swung down its remaining left arm.<br/>
I elude it with the Jade Longsword while I jumped backwards using the recoil created by it.<br/>
「These mud bears condition is strange」(Iori)<br/>
「You're right, I've performed some light observation with my demon eyes on them, too. Far<br/>
from being frightening it seem they're going all out」(Elfi)<br/>
The line of sight from all six mud bears is facing our way. They seem to have regarded us as a<br/>
threat rather than those people who are riding that carriage. There are some mud bears<br/>
receiving the attack from Elfi's demon eyes and losing parts of their bodies, but they do not<br/>
seem to feel any pain from it.<br/>
「Its probably a new species born during those thirty years」(Elfi)<br/>
「That might be the case too, however………」(Iori)<br/>
Six mud bears have begun to move at the same time. Running on the ground with their four feet<br/>
and making a semi circle fighting formation. Obviously, they are working together.<br/>
「For now, let's eliminate it with my arms and Iori, you withdraw from there」(Elfi)<br/>
Thus, Elfi steps forward.<br/>
「Now, pay attention closely to me. So, you can worship me the moment I show you the real<br/>
power of the (Former) demon king……!」(Elfi)<br/>
Elfi said those lines in a high-spirited voice while she says those (Former) part in a subdued<br/>
voice. Not on her eyes, but the magic is concentrated on her right arm. She spreads five of her<br/>
fingers as she takes a stance that was about to stab her nail.<br/>
「――&quot;Devil Arm・The Destructive Ripping Of Judgement&quot;――」(Elfi)<br/>
The magical power which covered her arm has formed five huge claws. As it is, Elfi mows her<br/>
right arm at the mud bears that were headed towards her.<br/>
Nails that are reminiscent those of the dragon kind are being thrusted toward the mud bears<br/>
and reaches them simultaneously. With that, the body of five mud bears were torn up to pieces<br/>
and scattered all over. While, five deep scars are carved on the ground, the shock wave<br/>
produced out of it is shaking the neighbouring trees and plants intensely.<br/>
Indeed it's an overkill.<br/>
The one which could avoid that was only one of them which got a late start. That sole mud bear<br/>
has been blown away after receiving Elfi's shock wave, too.<br/>
『――――』<br/>
That last one of them is turning its body around to changed its target from us to the carriage.<br/>
It's the one which I cut off its right arm earlier.<br/>
The people at carriage seemed to be distracted by Elfi's blow and because of that, they reaction<br/>
is delayed and being catched off guard by the sole mud bear which turned over toward their<br/>
direction.<br/>
……It's inevitable.<br/>
「Fu――!」(Iori)<br/>
Aiming the hind leg of the mud bear which ran toward the carriage in its four pairs, I threw two<br/>
knives. That knife has pierces the hind leg of the mud bear which turned its back on us deeply.<br/>
That was the knife forged by Zoorutsu and it has considerable sharpness.<br/>
The mud bear stopped moving after being stabbed by the knives.<br/>
Passing by Elfi's I came close to that mud bear. It turns its body at me while opening its mouth as<br/>
it trying to intercept me.<br/>
I concentrate my magical powers as I fired rocks at――<br/>
「――Fuh!」<br/>
The mud bear wasn't able fired its magic.<br/>
The reason is because it was killed swiftly before it able to do so.<br/>
The head of the mud bear with its mouth open fell on the ground.<br/>
The six mud bears which disturbed the highway were wiped out and the battle was over.<br/>
◆<br/>
「Thank you very much!」<br/>
After the battle with the mud bears.<br/>
A woman quickly jumped out of the carriage and thanked us loudly. As it is, she comes running<br/>
over toward us.<br/>
The lady running is a woman in her twenties who is in a dress. Besides the dress, she's wearing<br/>
ornaments such as necklaces and rings, too. From her appearance, she's probably an aristocrat.<br/>
「……probably an aristocrat, don't behave impolitely because it's troublesome when you make<br/>
them angry」(Iori)<br/>
「Of course, I wouldn't」(Elfi)<br/>
Simultaneous when I give a warning to Elfi in a low voice, that woman has arrived in front of us.<br/>
「Haa……Haa…….Thank you so much for helping me who was in a dire situation!!」<br/>
With long red hair which showed its been taken good care off, it was a woman with<br/>
characteristic big madder red eyes. Wearing some light makeup while having some attractive<br/>
red lips. She seemed to wear perfume as a sweet smell drifted softly.<br/>
…… It is supposed to be my first meeting with her, but somehow I have a sense of deja vu from<br/>
it.<br/>
Apart from that, I felt a different magical power from her. Rather than human magical power, it<br/>
is close to Elfi and Mazoku ones.<br/>
「You don't need to thank me, but is it fine your side over there?」(Iori)<br/>
「Yes, although it was a dangerous situation, none of us had serious injuries」<br/>
According to the woman's story, when they passed the highway with a horse-drawn carriage, it<br/>
seems that they were suddenly ambushed by the mud bears. This neighbourhood is a<br/>
maintained one, so there should be a few demons. As a result, that's why they don't have<br/>
sufficient fighting power and it seems that they were in a grave situation if we were not here to<br/>
help them out.<br/>
She had a loud voice but her good upbringing is transmitted from her tone and conduct.<br/>
However, unlike those aristocratic in the kingdom, she doesn't have that arrogant attitude on<br/>
her.<br/>
That alone is a good impression.<br/>
If its those guys, they would be shouting from the very beginning something as「Why did you<br/>
not help ME earlier!」<br/>
「Karen-sama!」<br/>
From the carriage, a man who looks like an attendant came over here. It is a yellow-haired man<br/>
just before his thirties.<br/>
「We do not know whether it's really safe, please don't move around mindlessly」<br/>
「It's OK! Because these people have beat those demonic beings and it's safe!」(Karen)<br/>
「…………」<br/>
A man who called that woman Karen, turned his eyes *Chirari* glancing toward us. From that<br/>
gaze, I felt something like there are sharp thorns from it.<br/>
「……Judging from your clothes, it looks like both of you aren't from around here. Excuse me<br/>
for my rudeness, where did you come from?」<br/>
With a sullen look, the man asks for our identity. Do you want to say that &quot;a lowborn shouldn't<br/>
get close to a lady?&quot; As a result, it is a very attitude of the person which received help from me,<br/>
huh.<br/>
「……We are these sort of people」(Iori)<br/>
While not showing it on my face, I just took out my guild card from the pouch. For this kind of<br/>
occasion, I was an adventurer.<br/>
「Adventurer of the Federations…….In addition to that, both of you are A<br/>
ranked……!」(Karen)<br/>
Amazed, that woman is putting her hand on her mouth. That man narrows his eyes while<br/>
staying silent. At least, with this, we won't be made light of.<br/>
「Forgive me for my late introduction, My name is Karen Rayford!」(Karen)<br/>
「……I'm Karen-sama's attendant, Jean」(Jean)<br/>
Karen emphasised herself as an imperial aristocrat and was the lord's daughter of the Rayford<br/>
territory that lies ahead.<br/>
I have heard a family named Rayford.<br/>
That deja vu that I felt when seeing Karen a short while ago, could it be…….<br/>
「I'd like to ask……Did you know Gouache Leonard?」(Iori)<br/>
「That is my father's name……do you know my father!?」(Karen)<br/>
「――――」<br/>
Gouache Reynard.<br/>
It is the noble who I got to know when I came to the empire thirty years ago. We have fought<br/>
together and that alone left my impression at him. He was one of those who I wanted to meet<br/>
the most.<br/>
「He's like an old……acquaintance of mine」(Iori)<br/>
「Really?……」(Karen)<br/>
Karen darkened her expression at my words for some reason.<br/>
A slightly bad feeling is float across my chest.<br/>
「By any chance, did you come here because you had some business with my father?」(Karen)<br/>
「No, it is a coincidence. We had some business with the Labyrinth of Death Swamp」(Iori)<br/>
Karen holds her tongue while shaking her head.<br/>
「……Unfortunately, you can not enter the labyrinth right now, even if you're an adventurer<br/>
that probably came here to subjugate the labyrinth」(Karen)<br/>
「…………Why is that?」(Iori)<br/>
I have a bad premonition from it. I heard Elfi letting out some small breath while keeping her<br/>
eyes closed.<br/>
I feel the same, too.<br/>
「……This is because the barrier has been set up in the labyrinth」(Karen)<br/>
「The barrier, isn't it?」(Iori)<br/>
Karen said.<br/>
The barrier is being set up in order to prevent the demonic being from going outside.<br/>
It is good until that.<br/>
The barrier should have been set in the labyrinth of the Kingdom.<br/>
Judging from Karen way of talking, there seem to be some complicated circumstances<br/>
happening too. But that was a good thing, too.<br/>
But the problem was her next word.<br/>
「The one who put up those barriers to Labyrinth are――――」(Karen)<br/>
The name of the aristocrat who set up the barrier to the labyrinth are.<br/>
「It's the aristocrat called――Olivia Elieresire」(Karen)<br/>
Unexpectedly, my body has shaken a bit. However, Karen does not seem to be able to see it as I<br/>
suppressed my mouth.<br/>
「……Iori?」(Karen)<br/>
I was surprised that the woman who I helped was a daughter of my former acquaintance.<br/>
It was a wonderful coincidence itself.<br/>
However, it was something unexpected for me to heard that name from the woman(daughter of<br/>
my former acquaintance) itself.<br/>
Olivia Elieresire.<br/>
It is the name of the woman who betrayed me.<br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 