<br/>
Hi, this is also unedited and I will replace it with the edited one later, too.<br/>
Translator: Norva<br/>
Olivia Elieresire is a magician. Of course, Olivia is a versatile magician who can master the magic of all fields such as healing magic and Soul magic and not to mention the battle magic, too.<br/>
Because her skill has been valued high, that woman been attached to the magical corps of the imperial army. At the same time, she seems to have done research on magic that stabilises the mind and enhances the physical abilities.<br/>
I’ve met that woman when I came to the empire together with my party members.<br/>
「I am Olivia Elieresire, it is a pleasure to meet you……”Hero Amatsu”-sama. I’ve always wanted to meet and having some good conversation with you for a while」(Olivia)<br/>
Although she seems not to be a noble, her wording was beautifully outspoken. Moreover, her attitude and appearance was also good and well arrange as well. She was a polite beautiful woman with an excellent magic skill and that is my impression of Olivia when I meet her for the first time.<br/>
Well, as usual, it’s only a story of when I didn’t see or realise the true character of that woman.<br/>
Then it is about approximately several weeks later when I come to know the true character of Olivia.<br/>
The magician corps which commanded by her was exterminated except Olivia herself.<br/>
Instead, she succeeded in subjugating the close aide of the Four Heavenly King of the Maou forces.<br/>
The empire is a country that emphasises ability and results. Despite her corps got annihilated, the achievement of her defeating the aides was great, and because of that Olivia was greatly evaluated. It would be a good thing if it will end with just that, however…<br/>
「There’s a magic that I want Amatsu-sama to see」(Olivia)<br/>
She has used a certain magic into her strategy that has to enable her to defeated that aide. And the name of that magic is the “Brainwash Magic” The effect is to remove a concept such as fear and the pain from the target brain, while they will only think about defeating their enemy.<br/>
「Brainwash……Magic」(Iori)<br/>
「That’s right, with this achievement, it was proved that this brainwash magic was effective, you see. I intend to suggest the use of this magic at the Four Heavenly King subjugation strategy meeting」(Olivia)<br/>
Olivia told me the effect of brainwash magic and<br/>
while she did that, she looks happy from the bottom of her heart. As it is, Olivia continues her words without noticing me who got petrified after hearing all of those.<br/>
「With my magic, the winning percentage on the human side should rise greatly. Therefore at the strategy meeting, I would like Amatsu-sama to put a good word for my suggestion to goes through by all means」(Olivia)<br/>
Albeit I couldn’t catch up with Olivia’s words.<br/>
What with all those things that she have said……?<br/>
「That’s, that sort of thing is……」(Iori)<br/>
The face of the people who were in Olivia’s corps emerged in my head. Because I’ve talked with them before they execute those operations. There’s a man who entered the military for sake of protecting his family and a demi-human who is fighting to feed his younger brother.<br/>
「Could you mean that you use such magic on your comrades……?」(Iori)<br/>
「Yes, of course, I did. Everyone died because they can’t think anything else other than defeating their enemy. Well, it was a necessary sacrifice after all」(Olivia)<br/>
Her sense of values that is totally different from the world where I come from. For sake of victory, Olivia didn’t show that she grieving over her corps that was completely annihilated by her actions.<br/>
「They……Do you have their consent to use that “brainwash magic” on them?」(Iori)<br/>
「Consent……Why is there such a thing? They are just no other than magicians with no great merits, aren’t they?」(Olivia)<br/>
Necessary sacrifice.<br/>
A large number of magicians who doesn’t have any great merit.<br/>
She even had a smile on her face when she said those things toward her dead comrades.<br/>
「Besides, there were some demi-human mixed among them. Because of they just a dirty livestock who could die for sake of us the human, they would felt proud to do so. Therefore consent is not necessary. By the way, what more important is――――」(Olivia)<br/>
By looking at Olivia’s eyes and listening to her words, I’ve understood it well. She does not consider the humans who are in her corps as her comrades or friends. However, she only thinks of them as a tool for her to use.<br/>
Even I who have a poor eye at judging other could understand it very well that this woman thinks only about herself. She only thinking of using her friends as a food to raising her own position.<br/>
Drown by ideals, I at that time who was brimmed over with the sense of justice impeached her. Such “As if such kind of magic will be recognised” or “What did you think of your friends is?”<br/>
「I-I don’t know what you’re angry about?」(Olivia)<br/>
Olivia had the expression such as can’t understand on her face. On the contrary, she tries to seduce me as she stretching her dress.<br/>
After that incidents, I’ve informed those incidents to the empire side. I guessed it would be a problem if they try to ignore the words of brave. What follows after that is, Olivia’s research was banned and that brainwash magic was declared as forbidden art.<br/>
And then a while has passed.<br/>
Olivia took part in my killing. On condition that my body is to be handed over to her as an experiment material.<br/>
「With my magic, I’ll break down the chain of command of the human army. Well, even if when a lot of people will die either there’s hundreds or thousands of them, that doesn’t matter because it’s a necessary sacrifice」(Olivia)<br/>
「I shall make them recognise my research this time by using that man body」(Olivia)<br/>
「Because “Hero Amatsu” will be unnecessary after he defeat the Maou, It’s a “necessary sacrifice” for him to be betrayed and die unsightly after all」(Olivia)<br/>
A hero who lost his utility value is no more than just a “food”.<br/>
The appearance of Olivia who says so and laughs is still burning in my mind.<br/>
◆<br/>
Gouache which was her father has been missing while the labyrinth has been sealed by Olivia.<br/>
After explaining those to us, Karen said.<br/>
「……The two of you were adventurers, aren’t you? There is a thing I’d like to request」(Karen)<br/>
「Karen-sama!」(Jean)<br/>
Rebuked by Jean whose was Karen attendant, she.<br/>
「To rely on such persons!? What on earth are you thinking!?」(Jean)<br/>
「Then, do you tell me to sit down and just watch without try to do something about it?」(Karen)<br/>
「However……!」(Jean)<br/>
Before long after Karen convincing Jean she came over asking me whether I would like to hear her story.<br/>
「I will leave it to Iori」(Elfi)<br/>
「……Got it」(Iori))<br/>
Elfi kept her eyes closed as she said so.<br/>
I nod my head in assent while pondering about it.<br/>
It may be possible for me to get some strong information as Olivia’s name could be heard. While it may be true that I was holding it in, it wasn’t to the degree where I was about to “flip out*” because of it. TN *To lose control of oneself<br/>
Alright.<br/>
「I can’t consent if I don’t understand request contents and could you talk about the content of the request?」(Iori)<br/>
For the time being, I decided to hear her story.<br/>
◆<br/>
As Karen was going to tell me her story, it was decided that we will listen to her story in the carriage. Although Jean is staying silent, his displeasure could be felt transmitted from him. Either if Karen does not realise about it, she began talking about the circumstances regarding that request of her.<br/>
The Rayford family is appointed by the emperor to seal the labyrinth.<br/>
The Labyrinth of Death Swamp is located in the immediate vicinity of Rayford territory and additional to that, Gouache was an excellent barrier magician himself.<br/>
It’s said that Gouache has maintained the barrier all the while since from Ortegia have created a newly Five Demon Lord Labyrinth.<br/>
The demonic being has not caused any damages and peace continued for the time being because of the divine protection of the barrier.<br/>
However, several months ago.<br/>
The demonic being has overflowed from the labyrinth that is supposed to have a barrier and following those events the Rayford territory was attacked. Several victims appear from the population of the fief, moreover, Karen’s mother has died during those incidents, too.<br/>
A few days later.<br/>
The demonic being has begun to go out again despite Gouache has reinstated the barrier. This time not only the Rayford territory but the neighbouring territory was being attacked too. In the territory Olivia Elieresire, the demonic being side has suffering damages.<br/>
Probably, with all those meritorious deeds she seems to have become a noble after the war was over.<br/>
「Because Rayford ‘s barrier can not be trusted, Olivia said that she herself will set up those barrier」(Karen)<br/>
However, Gouache declined it and was going to set the barrier against the labyrinth more severely, unfortunately, he has gone missing when he was about to do so.<br/>
「Therefore……I will set that barrier on the labyrinth in place of my father……」(Karen)<br/>
Again, the demonic being has inflicted damages in Olivia’s territory. Therefore, it seems that Olivia has occupied the labyrinth and arbitrarily created the barrier herself. After that, the damage caused by the demonic being has never appeared.<br/>
「Either my dear father or my own barrier, there’s should not have any defects with it. Although it did not cause much damage ten years ago……」(Karen)<br/>
「…………」(Jean)<br/>
While searching for gouache, Karen told Olivia to return the labyrinth which being occupies by her. It said that she have met with Olivia many times but she doesn’t seem to pay any mind to her request.<br/>
「Untill, we were attacked by a demonic being on the highway own our way home ……」(Karen)<br/>
「It feels like……artificiality-like thing, aren’t they?」(Iori)<br/>
「……You were right. My father’s disappearance and for the damage that causes by the demonic being……I believe that Olivia is involved in it」(Karen)<br/>
Generally, I understood the circumstances. Somehow, I can also understand what kind of thing this incident is.<br/>
「So, what kind of request that you want to ask us to do?」(Elfi)<br/>
「You Insolenー」(Jean)<br/>
Karen stops Jean who tried to shout at Elfi’s way of speech.<br/>
In a formal tone, Karen tells us.<br/>
「I want you to search for my dear father……Also, I’d like to request an investigation regarding those series of incidents」(Karen)<br/>
「…………」(Iori)<br/>
「Of course, I will give you a suitable reward」(Karen)<br/>
I recall it back.<br/>
About Gouache, Karen’s father.<br/>
He saved my life once.<br/>
That Gouache has been missing and his daughter is in trouble.<br/>
I thought I’d like to give her my assistance only a little.<br/>
But, what we are doing now is not a journey of helping others. I am not supposed to deviate from my real purpose. To regain my power and accomplish my revenge.<br/>
That’s the purpose of this journey.<br/>
Then.<br/>
「A suitable reward, you said」(Iori)<br/>
「Yes」(Karen)<br/>
To Karen who nodded, I spoke of my condition in response to her request.<br/>
Firstly, grant us the permission to enter the labyrinth after the end of the request.<br/>
Secondly, hand me the information which requested by me by using the power of her house.<br/>
This is the condition that I gave her.<br/>
「I understand, I’ll promise you the reward」(Karen)<br/>
I’m quite sure that Olivia got involves this request in nine cases out of ten.<br/>
It is an ideal story to retaliate on that woman.<br/>
Then if that the case, there’s no way I won’t lay my hand on this golden opportunities.<br/>
「Though I have poor ability for such task, I’ll gladly receive your request」(Iori)<br/>
With that, we decided to accept Karen’s request.<br/>
I got some good news, the volume 3 for the light novel version will be released on Amazon.co.jp and will be available on 30 March 2017. The picture below is the cover for the volume 3.<br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/>
 Advertisements<br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/>
                        Thank you for submitting the report!<br/>
                    <br/>
Seen ad many times<br/>
Not relevant<br/>
Offensive<br/>
Covers content<br/>
Broken<br/>
Report this ad<br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 