<br/><br/>
Translator: Norva<br/><br/>
Editor: Norva<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
「……!」<br/><br/>
As Lily raised her body vigorously.<br/><br/>
It seems that she was asleep on the bed before she knew it. However, she felt unpleasant due to her entire body gets wet with sweat.<br/><br/>
「I feel terrible…… like I have a bad dream」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Olga which is the best research result is killed and she herself was almost being killed by somebody, too. It was such a frightfully suffocating dream, and it was such a dream that she wanted to doubt it either it was really a dream.<br/><br/>
「Lily」(George)<br/><br/>
「……Dear」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Suddenly, George, who was soaking wet with sweat like herself, was raising his body.<br/><br/>
「I had a terrible, bad dream」(George)<br/><br/>
「Yeah……well, me too」(Lily)<br/><br/>
The dream which George was also similar to her dream too.<br/><br/>
「There are things that have changed since we both had the same dream at the same time……」(George)<br/><br/>
「Yes…… but it’s just a dream after all」(Lily)<br/><br/>
In between George and Lily, there’s their beloved son, Dartis, is snoring while asleep.<br/><br/>
Both of them and Dartis are safe.<br/><br/>
It is eerie, but it is fine as long as Dartis is safe.<br/><br/>
However, their memory before and after sleep is ambiguous. It is quite blurred, so, they can not remember it well.<br/><br/>
Their thought is hazy for them to recall what that dream is.<br/><br/>
「……That reminds me, there was something we had to do」(George)<br/><br/>
「Yeah……that’s right」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Something had to be done.<br/><br/>
With such an ambiguous sense of duty, they left the room. They leave the bedroom for three in the basement and walk the basement while letting footsteps sound.<br/><br/>
It is the room where the “sucker device” is located.<br/><br/>
Lilly and George’s research requires a lot of magical power.<br/><br/>
Not to mention the creation of the homunculus, of course, considerable magical power is also consumed to maintain the magic that rejuvenates their body. Although both of them are an excellent alchemist, it quite difficult to maintain their youth just by using their own magical powers.<br/><br/>
Although it is a magic they heard from Olivia Elieresire of an empire aristocrat who is connected with the two of them, it cost them too much. Because it was something created by that female fox, she should have improved the technique long ago and Lilly thought that she would never teach them if she did improve it.<br/><br/>
What they created to supplement the lack of the consumption magical power is no other than the “sucker device” itself.<br/><br/>
It can draw magical powers from objects and divert the magic to others.<br/><br/>
In order to reproduce the power of “hero amatsu”, those two have created a homunculus of him. It is not the normal manufacturing method, too. Because it was by using the magic which was lost in the past――”Lost Magic・Human Revitalization”.<br/><br/>
The magic which had the exceptional effect to reproduce the ability of the person who used its medium as it is.<br/><br/>
The experiment is favourable thanks to this magic albeit they have not completely mastered it. The problem is, the consumption of magical power is too much.<br/><br/>
「Its about time to decide how much children from the upstairs are we going to “use”」(George)<br/><br/>
「Yeah, you’re right. Let’s make use of that demi-human if possible」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Haha, you really dislike those demi-humans, aren’t you?」(George)<br/><br/>
「Obviously, You are the same, aren’t you? Just thinking for such disgusting thing in the vicinity of Da-chan is making me sick」(Lily)<br/><br/>
While having such a conversation, the two finally reach their laboratories. The inside is in disarray somehow. Some of the experimental instruments were scattered on the ground.<br/><br/>
「…………」<br/><br/>
「…………」<br/><br/>
But the two do not mind it. Instead, their eyes went to the person who was restricted to the “sucker device”.<br/><br/>
Michelle.<br/><br/>
One of the children that they take custody of are restricted to the device.<br/><br/>
「Oh……that was right. We were going to suck off the magical power from Michelle, aren’t we?」(George)<br/><br/>
「I wonder…… why did we forget about it?」(Lily)<br/><br/>
The two immediately started working the sucking device. Despite a child, a considerable amount of magical power will accumulate when you absorb their magical power till they die.<br/><br/>
Even from Michelle, they should be able to get enough magical power out of her.<br/><br/>
「After sucking her out, we use it to improve Olga……」(George)<br/><br/>
At that time, noise ran through their mind. Somehow, they felt that they have forgotten something important.<br/><br/>
Such thought comes to Lily’s head for a moment. However, the idea was quickly scraped off by the operating sound of the sucker device.<br/><br/>
「Stop it……help me」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
Michelle was asking for help from those two.<br/><br/>
「No can’t do, because we are tired of taking care of you who has nowhere to go for free of charge until now, please repay that kindness by your death」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「I do not want……that. I want to see my daddy and mommy」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
The couple leaked their laugh at Michel who was begging for her life. “Why does the kid say the same lines every time every time?” they thought.<br/><br/>
「You do not need to worry because you will be able to meet them soon. In the netherworld though」(George)<br/><br/>
「Yes, Anyway as for your parents, they probably already dead being devoured by demonic beings」 (Lily)<br/><br/>
The two was never looking for Michelle’s parents from the beginning. It is natural that they intend to kill them from the very beginning, apart from several children whom they chose as their camouflage. Michelle is also one of the children who brought to kill.<br/><br/>
「You also have children, don’t you……!? How can you do such a terrible thing!?」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
「Don’t compare every single one of you with Da-chan. No matter how many ones of you die, we felt nothing out of it」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Rather I feel relieved because you guys’ shrilling voice is irritating me」(George)<br/><br/>
Michelle’s eyes glare at them.<br/><br/>
「I’m unable to imagine it when my own child glares me with similar eyes as that……」(Goerge)<br/><br/>
「Hah, do not worry. Such a thing will never happens」(Lily)<br/><br/>
There are dozens of devices to protect Dartis in the basement. There are lots of surveillance to watch over him, and Lily can use healing magic for injuries and illnesses.<br/><br/>
Just to be sure, a lot of potion is stocked. Even if attacked by a demonic beast, they will be fine because they have the giant earth golem and Olga for interception purpose.<br/><br/>
「We gonna lives happily ever after with our Da-chan」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Such……」(George)<br/><br/>
Michelle asks while having despair on her face.<br/><br/>
「……did you betray hero Amatsu like that too?」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
「……Amatsu? Ah, that fool? He was the most outstanding talented person whom we have been seeking for years」(George)<br/><br/>
「He easily cooperated when you asked him for help,<br/><br/>
Such a foolish guy, don’t you think?」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Why did Amatsu’s name come out?<br/><br/>
Such a thought appeared on the head of those two, but it quickly disappeared.<br/><br/>
「In spite of having our agreement with his companions being break off……that man made us make a lot of money」(George)<br/><br/>
「It was because we got the magical data of that man that we were able to get into the development of the sucker device」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Kuku……What would you think Amatsu thinks if his magic is killing a child?」(George)<br/><br/>
The two who was not aware at their own unnaturalness is talkatively telling about themselves.<br/><br/>
They didn’t notice it.<br/><br/>
「Well, let’s put the story of a dead guy aside」(George)<br/><br/>
「And from now on, you will die like a trash the same way as Amatsu」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「No……I do not want to die!」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
「If you want to bear a grudge, then bear a grudge against your own lack of luck」(George)<br/><br/>
In that way, the couple operated the device.<br/><br/>
「Nn, Gaa……buggogogogo」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
That instant, Michelle whom restrained on the device screams.<br/><br/>
「Pftt, fufu. What up with this girl」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Kuku……it’s like a scream of a pig being slaughtered」(George)<br/><br/>
「Bii! GuOO!」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
「Fufufuu」(Lily)<br/><br/>
It is the first time that I heard such cries, although the two of them have heard a lot of kid agony of death.<br/><br/>
「Kukuku, what’s up with that face, is not it a pig itself?」(George)<br/><br/>
「Besides, she wet herself. That’s disgusting」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「I can’t bear to watch it, just die already」(George)<br/><br/>
「――Right, that’s right」(Iori)<br/><br/>
The sound which a finger being snapped sounded.<br/><br/>
At that moment, the world seen by those two were visibly changed.<br/><br/>
「BuuoGGOOOO!!」<br/><br/>
Before they knew it, Michelle who was sitting in the chair suddenly turned into a man with a gigantic figure.<br/><br/>
To the couple most beloved son, Dartis. Fainted while showing his white eyes, it was a gruesome figure where his body fluid scattering everywhere.<br/><br/>
「Da-chan!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「W-what the meaning of this!?」(George)<br/><br/>
While unable to comprehend the spectacle before their eyes.<br/><br/>
Because it should be Michelle who supposed to be on that device.<br/><br/>
Why and how did she turn into Dartis?<br/><br/>
「Gaa, GoOO, BuBBGoO!!!!」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
The greasy body gradually loses its life. His cheeks turn hollowed while the moisture of the lip is lost as it keeps becoming dry.<br/><br/>
「Buhuuwhy!? Papp, MaMMA!! Buhiiiwhy!?」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
As Dartis shouts.<br/><br/>
In the spectacle which exceeds their understanding, the two felt like having their blood lost from their entire body. They started moving in a hurry to stop the machine while having their face turn pale.<br/><br/>
「Giyaah!?」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Ugh!?」(George)<br/><br/>
They fell down to the ground and prostrated themselves as knives have penetrated their thighs. Even though they were about to moan due to the pain, they have no time for it now.<br/><br/>
Because Dartis is being put on the device and he was screaming.<br/><br/>
「I won’t allow you do that」(Iori)<br/><br/>
A boy stood up in front of those two who crawled as they going to advance.<br/><br/>
「Hii……」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Why……!?」(George)<br/><br/>
It was that raven black haired boy who appeared in their dream.<br/><br/>
Hero Amatsu.<br/><br/>
The avenger who revived to kill them.<br/><br/>
「――――」<br/><br/>
At that moment, they remembered everything.<br/><br/>
The incident that happened just before.<br/><br/>
That that was not a dream.<br/><br/>
「Ah……Ahh……」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「You seem to have remembered it」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Why……why did you do this!?」(George)<br/><br/>
Such question raises, but there’s no time for it now.<br/><br/>
「Da-chan is! I have to save him now!!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「I’m begging you, please stop the device!!」(George)<br/><br/>
The setting of the device is not quite strong yet. Dartis will be alive for that few minutes. Meanwhile, they must somehow help him.<br/><br/>
The raven black haired boy said with a cold face.<br/><br/>
「I absolutely won’t allow for such a thing to happen no matter what」(Iori)<br/><br/>
What is reflected in those eyes is hatred against them.<br/><br/>
Just glaringly and dull light are emitted.<br/><br/>
It was a horrifying eye and totally different from the face of Amatsu which they once have seen.<br/><br/>
「NnGiii, PapaaaaaaaPleaaaaaaseHeeelpMeee」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
「Daaaartiss!」(George)<br/><br/>
By struggling with that big body, the pacification function of the device activates. The tightening force of the restraint increased and snaps both arms of Dartis.<br/><br/>
「Bo, Goo, Ka……Kah」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
Dartis start to blow a foam out of his mouth, while his body begun to *BureBure* trembling unnaturally. A feeling of frustration of the couple increases in the state that is not clearly common.<br/><br/>
「Aaah! I-I beg you! Please help my son!」(George)<br/><br/>
「Pleeease! Don’t kill Da-chan!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
While the raven black haired boy laughs at it scornfully.<br/><br/>
「Didn’t you the one who was refusing it when that child called for help a while ago? That’s quite convenient for you wanted to help if it was only your own child, huh」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「I’m begging you……!」(George)<br/><br/>
「Pleeeease!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
While shedding tears, they rub their heads against the ground.<br/><br/>
「It’s a karma, the wrongdoing of the parents will recompense by their child. It is all your fault that this fellow is going to die」(Iori)<br/><br/>
As the raven black haired boy points his finger at Dartis.<br/><br/>
「Oh, GoO, GaAA」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
Dartis screaming while his body is badly convulsions.<br/><br/>
「Nooo! Aah………I’m sorry, I’m really sorry, I’m begging you, please forgive us! It’s our fault! Da-chan did nothing bad!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「W-we’re sorry for betraying you! We were wrong! we’ll do anything! We willing to receive any punishment! Therefore, at least Dartis alone, I’m begging you to let him off the hook!」(George)<br/><br/>
Their beloved son is going to die.<br/><br/>
They absolutely won’t let such thing to happen no matter what.<br/><br/>
「We won’t kill any children anymore! From now on, we will turn over a new leaf and you can watch over us properly! We’ll stop research on homunculus too!」(George)<br/><br/>
「A-as for the money that I earned so far, I will give all of it to you!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Aaahh, Dartis! Dartis!」(George)<br/><br/>
The raven black haired boy who was heard in silence opens his mouth.<br/><br/>
「Do you really mean it? Or it just your random words for sake of saving your son?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「N-no you’re wrong!」(George)<br/><br/>
「No you’re wrong! Because we really mean it!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「You probably never felt sorry not even the slightest, aren’t you?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「We’re sorry! It’s all our fault!」(George)<br/><br/>
「Please forgive us! Amatsu-sama!!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
I understood, is what the boy with the raven black hair has said.<br/><br/>
「Do whatever you want」(Iori)<br/><br/>
Say so, he moves aside from the way of those two.<br/><br/>
「Thank you, thank you very much……!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Dartis! We’re going to help you now!!」(George)<br/><br/>
Creeping along the ground, the couple finally arrives at the device.<br/><br/>
And George stopped the device.<br/><br/>
With this my son will be saved, he was relieved.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
◆<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
In front of me, those two were relieved to think they have finally turned off the device.<br/><br/>
At the next moment, something occurs without them aware of.<br/><br/>
「Goe……!? Buh, aaaaAAARGHHH」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
Immediately afterwards, Dartis trembled his whole body and began screaming. The figure which has convulsions while scattering faeces and urine, like those two, said some time ago, the pig-like sight.<br/><br/>
「Eh……?」(George)<br/><br/>
In a blank surprise, the couple looks at the device.<br/><br/>
Judging from the eyes of those two・・・・・・・・・the device should be stopped.<br/><br/>
「Dear!? What are you doing!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「You got it wrong! I just turn off the power supply!」(George)<br/><br/>
Counting the timing, I snapped my fingers.<br/><br/>
It is the signal to solves the part of brainwash which I applied.<br/><br/>
「……s-such」<br/><br/>
And they finally gain their consciousness. That they did not turn off the device but only increased the amount of magical being suck.<br/><br/>
This device is made up of a combination of several magic items. It is designed to move according to the flowing of the magical power on those magic item.<br/><br/>
In other words.<br/><br/>
George was not set the magic stone to “stop”, but set the magic stone to “increase suction amount” of the magical power.<br/><br/>
They finally noticed it and was going to stop it, but it was already too late.<br/><br/>
「Bugii……Guo……oo」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
The next moment, the magical power was completely sucked out from the body of Dartis. With his entire body dry out completely while wore the expression in great agony, Dartis meet his end. In the same way as the children whom they killed so far.<br/><br/>
「It’s a lie……」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Dartis……? Response to us……as you usually did, please respond to us……」(George)<br/><br/>
They were stunned while stretching out their hand on the corpse of Dartis. They muttering something while trying to wake him up.<br/><br/>
But there is no response.<br/><br/>
Because he’s already dead like a dried up mummy.<br/><br/>
「NoooOOOOoO! Da-chaan! Da-chaaaaaan」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Ah……ahhh!! This, This is not happening! Dartis is! Nooo……this is a lie!!」(George)<br/><br/>
「Uuh………Uwaaaah」(Lily)<br/><br/>
While screaming, the two mourn with their dishevelled hair, they were embracing the corpse of Dartis. Lily is even vomiting as she unable to endure it.<br/><br/>
「Noo……impossible……its a lie, this is a lieeee!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「It’s not a lie, it’s a fact that your son is completely dried up and already dead」(Iori)<br/><br/>
Shaking their head, while repeatedly tries to reject the reality. Because as long as they still in such state, they’ll never move on.<br/><br/>
「Y-Yuu! W-whaash hav yuu done to ush!!」(George) 「You! What have you done to us!!」<br/><br/>
「How dare, how dare you did that to Da-chan!!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Stop blaming me, because it is you guys who killed him, right?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
As I point at the corpse of Dartis while laughing.<br/><br/>
「How does it feel? For killing your beloved son with your own hands?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Uh, gwaaaahh」(George)<br/><br/>
「Nuooooooooooo」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Lily screams and shakes her head to deny the reality while George rubbing tears off his face. It is according to the scenario which I planned from the very beginning.<br/><br/>
What are the painful things for these two more than death itself?<br/><br/>
It will be the death of their beloved son.<br/><br/>
So to do so, I tried various tricks.<br/><br/>
I stun Dartis and restrict him on that device. Then, brainwashed them to start up the device and that leading Dartis to his death. It will be quite pleasant by making them killed their beloved son with their own hands.<br/><br/>
This was the first time that I used the large-scale brainwash magic, but somehow it went well. After robbing their consciousness, I make them smelled the “drugs which took thinking ability” which they owned.<br/><br/>
Because of that, the brainwashing can be said to be near perfection.<br/><br/>
Because I’ll need a certain amount of magical power to make it happen, I have exhausted a considerable number of potion for recovery.<br/><br/>
「Why do you think that your son is dead?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
I say to two who was crying.<br/><br/>
「Because you betrayed me……No that was wrong, it because you were exploiting others」 (Iori)<br/><br/>
If you did not do something like that, Dartis probably won’t die.<br/><br/>
While laughing I said that to them.<br/><br/>
With a pale face, the look of despair is stuck on their face.<br/><br/>
「Were you thinking after killing all those children, your own child would be spared? There will be no convenient thing such as that would happen, you know」(Iori)<br/><br/>
In other words,<br/><br/>
「―― You guys are the one who killed Dartis」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Ah……Aaaaah」(George)<br/><br/>
「No, you’re wrong, I……I didn’t……」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Ah, I really wanted to see both of you make such faces.<br/><br/>
By seeing you guy in despairing, I finally push it ahead.<br/><br/>
「It must have been painful, isn’t it? For having his magical power being absorbed for a few minutes like that, he must have been through hellish suffering.<br/><br/>
More than that, it was you guys who gave him such a pain」(Iori)<br/><br/>
I’m cornering both of them further.<br/><br/>
「Dartis would have been in despair, wouldn’t he? Because he was killed by his beloved papa and mama. It’s painful, it’s frightening, why should I be killed by my own parents……I guess he died while bearing a grudge against you guy, didn’t he?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
When I said so, both of them is unable to comply with me as they keep cornered by it.<br/><br/>
Well, it would turn out like this after all.<br/><br/>
Next, let’s put an end to this.<br/><br/>
「Hii……!?」<br/><br/>
I strengthen my physical strength by magic and lift George and Lily who crying on the ground.<br/><br/>
「What are you intending to do to us after all this!?」(George)<br/><br/>
I place both of them on the device and restrain them. It seems they finally understood everything. Their faces which turn from deathly pale to reddish colour has become pale once again.<br/><br/>
「Wa……wait, please wait!!」(George)<br/><br/>
「Are you going to kill us?」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「A little while ago, you guys told me that you’re willing to receive any punishment, didn’t you? So, I’ll accept your offer to punish you till my heart content」(Iori)<br/><br/>
They shake their heads while shivering with cold of fear.<br/><br/>
「Please stop!!」(George)<br/><br/>
「I hate it, I do not want to die yet!!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「You don’t need to hold back」(Iori)<br/><br/>
While sweetly smile with my smiling face.<br/><br/>
「Owh, I’m touch, for you guys to crying that much, you do really love your son, ain’t you?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Help me, please save me!!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Stop it! Please stop it! Fuck, fuck you! Let me go, release me!!」(George)<br/><br/>
Though they act violently, the restriction does not move an inch.<br/><br/>
It can not be removed by using light magic. This restraint itself is also like a magic item.<br/><br/>
They made it themselves.<br/><br/>
I guess they probably know its strength. After a while, their arm will be broken off in the same way as Dartis due to the pacification functions.<br/><br/>
While watching the comical appearance of those two, I continued my words.<br/><br/>
「If you did feel so, then you should follow after your son, right?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
After I said so, I activated the device.<br/><br/>
By considering these two, the absorption per second won’t be that much. But they must go through the same suffering like their son did.<br/><br/>
「Nn, Gah, GOoGoGoGah」(George)<br/><br/>
「IiiiIIiiGigigiiii, HiGiii, GaAAAHHH」(Lily)<br/><br/>
And, absorption starts.<br/><br/>
The couple writhed on a device while screaming.<br/><br/>
「GaGouOHH」(George)<br/><br/>
「Gii, GiGiii」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Slightly little by little, I can see that life is lost from their face as their magical power is being absorbed slowly and steady.<br/><br/>
「Aren’t you glad? To taste the same suffering as your son, and you can enjoy it for another ten several minutes, you know?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Pupu, PuririzeHepMe」<br/><br/>
Both of their eyes are open wide while asking for help.<br/><br/>
However, I just ignore it and head towards the cord that extending from the device.<br/><br/>
Before that, there’s a transparent stone filled with absorbed magical power was installed over there. By the magical power that it absorbed from those two, the transparent stone is starting to dyed bright red.<br/><br/>
「Though rotten, you’re still the former alchemist of the Knight Templar, aren’t you? Isn’t it a nice colour?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「GieveItBak! MeMagikalPowa, Uearghh」(George) 「Give it back! My magical power, Uarghhh」<br/><br/>
「Once you absorb the magical power of the magic stone, you will be able to live a little bit longer, won’t you? Do you want it?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Pupurees!!」(Lily) 「Pleasee!!」<br/><br/>
While watching the comical appearance of those two, I continued my words.<br/><br/>
「But, it’s a pity. As for the stone, there is only one.<br/><br/>
I only able to transfer it to only one of you」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「……!! GibMe! ToMe! GibMeThaStone!!」(George)「……!! Give me! To me! Give me that stone!!」<br/><br/>
「Nnooooo!! Pulees! GibItToMEee!」(Lily)「Nooooo!! Please! Give it to me!」<br/><br/>
「GaaAaRGH! Lily, don’t fuck with me!!」(George)<br/><br/>
「It’s youaARGH! It’s was you, the one who killed Da-chan!!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「It doesn’t relat………GIiiiII」(George)<br/><br/>
They quarrel while enduring the pain of being absorbed their magical power.<br/><br/>
「It is much uglier than I imagined it……」(Iori)<br/><br/>
It is pleasant but it is uncomfortable to keep looking.<br/><br/>
「Hey, did you really think that I would hand it?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
I pulled out that stone from the device and I flung it against the ground.<br/><br/>
It scatters to pieces and the magical powers contained therein scatters.<br/><br/>
「AaaAAHHH!?」(George)<br/><br/>
「That’s!?」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Let me get this straight to you, there’s no reason for me to help you to begin with」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Ah……」(George)<br/><br/>
「Aaaahh」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Apart from despair coming from sorrow when they knew their son was dead.<br/><br/>
「――You should die while getting along well with your family」(Iori)<br/><br/>
As they being struct by despair that comes from the fear of the approaching death.<br/><br/>
「「AAAAAAARRGHHHHH!!」」(George & Lily)<br/><br/>
As they screamed while suffering in agony.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
◆<br/><br/>
Ten minutes later.<br/><br/>
Both of them dried up to the death while having the expression of pain and fear.<br/><br/>
「After all, you are parent and child」(Iori)<br/><br/>
I mutter while remembering the manner of their death.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
「Only a shrieking of a pig was audible in their death agony」(Iori)<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 