<br/><br/>
Translator: Norva<br/><br/>
Editor: Norva<br/><br/>
Hmm…So Dartis is some sick paedophile who loves raping the little girl…Anyway, it okay because his parents support him though. So, what do you guys think if you got such supportive parents? Will you become the next Dartis? Hahahaha<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
With the sensation of the cold air that pierces the skin.<br/><br/>
Michelle finally regains her consciousness with the feeling of warm breath gently brush on her cheeks. When she opened her eyes slowly, the face of a man who had been sagging in fat spread all over in her sight.<br/><br/>
「……Hii!」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
「Good morning, Michelle-chan~」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
Then, Michelle realized that her limbs were restrained when she trying to raise her body.<br/><br/>
Not only that, her clothes were stripped off and she just in her underwear. Moreover, she can’t even constrain her throbbing and aching head.<br/><br/>
As she looks around out of fear, she notices it look alike that wide laboratory where she first saw Sheena.<br/><br/>
That pig-like guy is watching Michelle on all fours while she was lying on the floor.<br/><br/>
At every breathing of that man, a nauseating smell pierced Michelle’s nose.<br/><br/>
「Papa, Mama! It looks like Michelle-chan has awake」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
「Is that so? Then, that’s good for you Dartis!」(George)<br/><br/>
「You may do as you would like because we brought her just for you, Da-chan」(Lily)<br/><br/>
There were also George and Lily in the room. They were doing something around the chair-like instrument installed in the back.<br/><br/>
(That is……)<br/><br/>
Next, to the two of them, she saw an ash-haired young man standing in a grumpy mood.<br/><br/>
The figure that likes two peas in a pod……but that is not Amatsu.<br/><br/>
There are no mistakes that the young man who had eyes such as that beast is Olga.<br/><br/>
As for there being Olga here, what happened to Amatsu who was fighting with him?<br/><br/>
「W-what happen to Onii-san……!?」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
Michelle shouted at Lily’s while she was lying.<br/><br/>
In response to such loud voice, Dartis tilting my head with「Nn?」while looks puzzled.<br/><br/>
「Onii-san……? Ah, that failure?」(George)<br/><br/>
「 That thing, it’s decided to have disposed of it」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Its a lie……」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
She doesn’t believe and didn’t want to believe it.<br/><br/>
「It’s not a lie because I slaughtered him thoroughly back then. I really wanted to show you the figure of that fellow becoming a mess, too. You fucking woman」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「That’s……」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
Her words do not come out as if there’s something stuck in her throat.<br/><br/>
He died.<br/><br/>
The Onii-san who fought desperately to let oneself go.<br/><br/>
Michelle tear surges and her body trembles.<br/><br/>
「Onii-san……」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
「As for that bastard, it was a terrible meaningless death. Even though he was tactlessly crawling with great pains to stop me. It would be meaningless if you can’t escape, right!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「U……waa, UwAaa, uwaaa」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
Bury her face in the floor, Michelle is weeping, It because she has wasted the hard work of Amatsu with her failure. Even though Amatsu continued to fight till he worn out for sake of letting Michelle escape.<br/><br/>
「Mfuu, Aah, the crying Michelle is really cute!」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
The huge body of Dartis is mounting on top of Michelle. Then, after forcibly raise Michelle’s face, his tongue crawl on her face.<br/><br/>
Dartis is trembling in pleasure after having licking out her falling tears<br/><br/>
「Papa, Mama. Do it quickly! I want to show it to Michelle!」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
「Dear, Da-chan are waiting. Please do it quickly」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Aah, I’ll get it done as soon as possible.……Olga, its time for replenishing the magical power」(George)<br/><br/>
「Yeah, that’s right. I’ll have to store the magical power for sake of defeating the Demon King……it’s a shame that I have wasted it on that garbage」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Several cords are connected to Olga’s body and there was the chair-like instrument ahead of that cord.<br/><br/>
「Watch this Michelle-chan! Have a good look at it!」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
「……!?」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
Being forcibly pulled by her hair, Dartis lift Michelle’s head, and ahead of her line of sight is “that” chair. On top of that, there’s a girl is placed on it.<br/><br/>
「Sheena……」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
「Un, that’s right. You were friends with Sheena-chan, are not you? Right now, I will show you how that child will become just a mere crispy mummy!」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
「Ah……Aaahh」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
Sheena restrained on the chair in her underwear.<br/><br/>
Her body gets thinner and thinner with there’s no sign of vitality in her eyes.<br/><br/>
Her cat ears hung down while the moisture was lost from her once glossy skin and lips.<br/><br/>
「Haa……Haa……! Michelle-chan are having a really nice look!」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
As Dartis breath turn roughened, his crotch suddenly got swollen greatly.<br/><br/>
As it is, Dartis began to *ZuriZuri* rub it against the thighs of Michelle.<br/><br/>
「From now on! Haa, that girl! Is going to die having her magical power completely absorbed. Fuu, Fuu」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
「Stop it……」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
「Ahaa, can’t do that. She gonna got suck till dry because I have grown tired of that child already! Instead of that, Michelle will replace Sheena place.<br/><br/>
Fuu, Fuuu」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
Amatsu was killed and Sheena is almost to be killed in front of her, too.<br/><br/>
She cannot do anything on her own.<br/><br/>
As it is, she will be killed without she able to do anything.<br/><br/>
(Though I can’t change it anymore……!)<br/><br/>
「……!?」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
At the very least, Michelle caught up with the fingers of Dartis who was stroking her face and she bit that ugly lump of meat with her bare teeth.<br/><br/>
「Aah!? Ouch, Ouch, it hurts, it fucking hurts!!」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
「……tsu! tsu!!」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
Even if her face being hit, Michelle will not let her bite off.<br/><br/>
As the blood of Dartis *BotaBota* drops.<br/><br/>
「Da-chan!?」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「You fucking cunt!!」(George)<br/><br/>
As a kick of George who rushed sinks into the abdomen of Michelle that easily blown off her small stature away.<br/><br/>
The nasty feeling where having her bone breaks struck Michelle.<br/><br/>
The taste of blood spread in her mouth whether the internal organs got damaged from that kick.<br/><br/>
「ARghHH!! PAPAA! MAMAA! IT HURTS!」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
「Are you okay? Dartis!?」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Dartis whined while writhes on the ground. He bawling like a pig in a deep voice while beating George and Lily who ran up to him.<br/><br/>
「Aaaahh! Ouch, Ouch, it hurts! I’m gonna die, I’m really gonna dieeee!」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
「I’ll heal you right now!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
George restrained him and Lily quickly using the healing magic to heal his wound.<br/><br/>
「Michelle, you bastard!!」(George)<br/><br/>
「How dare you did that to our Da-chan!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
While breathing out with a wheezing sound, Michelle said.<br/><br/>
「Serves……you right」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
At the moment, while having the meat of his face *BureBure* trembling, Dartis scream.<br/><br/>
「I don’t want the one who hurt me as a toy!! Kill her! Papa! Kill her right now!」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
There is no reason to keep alive the existence that hurt their beloved son. Hence, George grabs Michelle’s by her hair and drags her to the chair.<br/><br/>
「I’ll kill you by having your magical power sucked along with Sheena! It’s a punishment for having hurt my son!!」(George)<br/><br/>
「Ugh……」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
She made to sit down on a chair after being flung against it and when George chant something, a restraint appeared from the chair and he uses it to tied Michelle.<br/><br/>
From now on, like a man who she saw it in the room back then, she will be killed by having her magical powers being sucked.<br/><br/>
「Why……」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
「Hah?」(George)<br/><br/>
「Why……are you doing this? Though both George and Lily have taught me all of that before」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
Michelle asks quietly while being made to sit down on a chair wearily.<br/><br/>
「That, both humans and demi-humans have their own good points……I was happy, why……」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
In the words of Michelle, George and Lily nodded, “It is true” when looking at each other.<br/><br/>
「Yeah, both humans and demi-humans, both are wonderful」(George)<br/><br/>
「Yes, that’s right」(Lily)<br/><br/>
As if they were slurping their drool.<br/><br/>
Like the meat juice dripping from the plump and fat pork steak.<br/><br/>
The both of them said with a look that was smeared with greed.<br/><br/>
「「――Both are good experimental materials」」(George & Lily)<br/><br/>
Ah, as Michelle finally realized.<br/><br/>
They opened an orphanage in order to collect experimental materials and their affection toward children was just a lie.<br/><br/>
「Besides, if the experiment is successful, it will become money. When Olga kills the Demon King, we will get all the money and credit for it too」(George)<br/><br/>
「Those sick Mazoku will perish and we can live happily ever after. Ah, both humans and demi-humans are equally wonderful beings that make us happy」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Lily stroked her cheeks while said it with a mesmerizing look.<br/><br/>
「I can also stay young by using the extracted magical power. If not, there is no reason to bring the filthy orphans like you, ain’t it?」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Filthy.<br/><br/>
It’s a word that she never said when she was in contact with orphans until then.<br/><br/>
Michelle was shocked as to whether if all of that was acting, and wondering whether they thought so all along.<br/><br/>
「That’s why I’m taking care that disgusting demi-human such as Sheena. It’s easier to take care of them than a human child because no one cares if they are gone」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「That is why, it is really resentful that it has lessened out time to spend time with Dartis……as Melt-sama said. Don’t forget to be thankful」(George)<br/><br/>
「Therefore what we spare time to you by preparing food, clothing and shelter」(Lily)<br/><br/>
“As Melt-sama said”, Michelle wanted to throw up when she heard those words.<br/><br/>
God does not permit the doings of those two absolutely if it is as taught by the god called Melt.<br/><br/>
But they did not doubt, believing that they were entirely right.<br/><br/>
「If it wasn’t for us, you and all those orphans would have died. We have prepared a house for you to live in for a moment, so you should thank us for it」(George)<br/><br/>
「Yes, that’s right. On top of that, you should gratefully cry because I’ll make good use a trash like you for sake of saving the world」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Looking at the two who talk eloquently, Michelle thought.<br/><br/>
Such helplessly unsightly, and.<br/><br/>
Why must oneself be killed by this kind of people?<br/><br/>
Why must Onii-san be killed by this kind of people?<br/><br/>
「Papa! Mama! Hurry up!」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
「Ah yeah, we’re sorry. Well, that’s it and we will wring you dry to the death right away」(George)<br/><br/>
Hurried by Dartis, the two of them end their conversation. With an ugly smile, they start to operate the mechanism of the chair.<br/><br/>
「Hahaha! Those magical power that I waste on that good for nothing, I’ll have you compensate for all that. I wonder what would that failure have thought if he knew this?」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「……tsu」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
「Well, he won’t because he’s already dead!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Olga at the end of the cord was ridiculing Michelle.<br/><br/>
「It’s gonna be really painful having your magical power being sucked out! This happens because you bite me, you idiooot!」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
As Dartis *KeraKera* giggling.<br/><br/>
「Hmph. Then, die quickly」(George)<br/><br/>
「Goodbye, from now on, I’m going improve the security so that the others kid won’t come down here like you did」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Then the chair is activated.<br/><br/>
Within seconds, both Michelle and Sheena will die by having their magical power being sucked out and make the battle of Amatsu become meaningless and the death of Amatsu will be in vain.<br/><br/>
(I do not want that……tsu)<br/><br/>
In a feeble pain, Michelle strongly denied it.<br/><br/>
「……but」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
Nobody would reach for her.<br/><br/>
There is nobody gonna come to help.<br/><br/>
While already knew that,<br/><br/>
「Help me……!」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
In the end, Michelle screaming like squeeze out all she got.<br/><br/>
「――――Aah・・」<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
――There was a someone who responded to her screams.<br/><br/>
Then she heard a *whoosh!* sound.<br/><br/>
Something come flying that has cut off the cord that connects the chair and Olga.<br/><br/>
From the section of the cord, a crackle caused by the electric current surged.<br/><br/>
「Wha……t the hell!?」<br/><br/>
At the dimly-lit corner of the vast room.<br/><br/>
There was a pair of a man and women appeared from the darkness.<br/><br/>
A girl with silver hair and golden eyes, and boy whose hair and eyes are uniformly black.<br/><br/>
Both of them were completely stranger to Michelle.<br/><br/>
「……Onii-san……?」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
However, when she saw the boy in black, Michelle felt like he similar with Amatsu for some reason.<br/><br/>
「Who are you bastards is!」(George)<br/><br/>
Toward the shouting George, the boy in black had a frowning look as if he has seen some awfully ugly thing.<br/><br/>
Then, he turned his eyes to Michelle.<br/><br/>
「……Are you Michelle?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
Watching Michelle nodded slightly, the boy in black said.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
「――Hold on because I’ll help you shortly」(Iori)<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
◆<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
「Elfi, I ――――」(Iori)<br/><br/>
On the night when I went to the Holy City with Elfi.<br/><br/>
I’ve made a certain answer.<br/><br/>
「If they were really repent……I’ll give up my revenge on them」(Iori)<br/><br/>
There is hatred.<br/><br/>
There is also an intolerable murderous intention.<br/><br/>
But killing those two will also destroying the things that I once wanted to protect and I did not want to do that. Because I do not want to destroy the smiles of those children.<br/><br/>
「……Umu, is that’s so? Then I will abide your decision. Then, are you going to go to confirm it?」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
Elfi said so, without mentioning any particular opinion.<br/><br/>
「Aa, let’s go to the orphanage when midnight comes」(Iori)<br/><br/>
Then we went through the holy City and headed back to the orphanage again.<br/><br/>
In the forest surrounding the orphanage, where a large amount of earth golem and surveillance magic are being set up.<br/><br/>
We break through it with the “Concealment” and “Magic Usurper” while cautiously move through the forest.<br/><br/>
「――――」<br/><br/>
Just before we intruding the orphanage.<br/><br/>
In the middle of doing that, I felt the wave of magical power ran through the whole forest. So, we stop intruding the orphanage for the moment and headed towards the source of that magical power.<br/><br/>
「……!」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「So, this is……Amatsu?」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
Hence, I met the “former me”.<br/><br/>
No……not exactly.<br/><br/>
To be precise, it is a homunculus for combat made by imitating the “Hero Amatsu”.<br/><br/>
The homunculus who is likely to die at any moment said to me.<br/><br/>
『Please help the children』<br/><br/>
At first, I thought it was a trap.<br/><br/>
However, that homunculus was saying that sincerely. It felt like those words were from the bottom of his heart when he asking for help.<br/><br/>
「What are you going to do?」as Elfi asked by signalling me with her eyes.<br/><br/>
Needless to say, my heart has made its decision.<br/><br/>
「――Aah, just leave it to me」(Iori)<br/><br/>
Hence, we intrude into the orphanage.<br/><br/>
The children are sleeping in the room on the second floor and there is no sign that something is being done. There seemed to be no threat, too.<br/><br/>
「……if that is the case」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「There is nothing else besides that sealed room」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
I open the closed door carefully and ahead of it was a stair to the basement. Thus, we go all the way to the direction of the sound, and then――<br/><br/>
「「――Both are good experimental materials」」(George & Lily)<br/><br/>
Once again, I got disappointed with them.<br/><br/>
As I was realized that such as a smile from before was nonexistent from the very beginning.<br/><br/>
「……Good grief, I wonder how many times you want to disappoint me before you’re satisfied with it, hah」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「You……you’re the one who came to the orphanage yesterday……!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Ignore Lily’s yelling in a high-pitched voice, I reconfirm everyone who is in this room.<br/><br/>
George, Lily, and perhaps that couple son, Dartis, and the two girls that seized on a chair,<br/><br/>
「――――!」<br/><br/>
Another homunculus “Olga” which there was until a while ago disappeared.<br/><br/>
「Hahhaa!!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Olga closing in by using the high-speed movement magic. The sword which he grasped on his right hand was swung down by terrible force come to my sight.<br/><br/>
Abruptly, Elfi stepped forward earlier than I counter it with the jade longsword.<br/><br/>
「……no you won’t!」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
She receives the swung made by Olga by her arm which cladded with the magical power and sparks was scattered as both magical powers is against with each other intensely.<br/><br/>
「Oraaa!!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
As Olga’s blow pushed Elfi into the air.<br/><br/>
Olga chases her down by using the wind attribute magic. By movement such as kicking on the empty space, he leading Elfi around by the nose.<br/><br/>
「……don’t make light of me, you doll」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
――”Demon Leg・Heavenly Wind Flash”――<br/><br/>
Hence, Elfi’s feet clad in magical powers. Immediately afterwards Elfi kicked in the space the same way as Olga and start to move in the air.<br/><br/>
The “Demon Arm” and blades crossed with each other many times and scatter sparks intensely――<br/><br/>
「Damn……」(Olga)<br/><br/>
The defeated Olga was knocked down on the ground. However, he kills the falling momentum with the wind and turns around like an acrobat and makes a landing.<br/><br/>
Next, Elfi came down to the ground, too.<br/><br/>
「You’re, quite strong. Better than that good for nothing」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Both of them still has some considerable remaining strength albeit they have clashed with each other.<br/><br/>
Indeed, that homunculus seems quite strong.<br/><br/>
「……As for that man over there, what are you? Just by looking at you, it makes me felt irritated」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Olga directing his sharp glares at me.<br/><br/>
「I’m nobody……just some passing by avenger」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Hah?」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「But George and Lily, When I was thinking, what are you up to? It never crossed my mind that you are creating the homunculus of “Hero Amatsu”」(Iori)<br/><br/>
The ghost of the “Hero Amatsu” that is being witnessed nearby this forest.<br/><br/>
By looking at all this along with the escaping homunculus, there should be someone else who has witnessed it.<br/><br/>
……This is nonsense.<br/><br/>
「I never thought that the cell which I donated was used for such a thing」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「W-what, are you saying……?」(George)<br/><br/>
「……Are you still didn’t get it? Then, I’ll teach you shortly, so please wait」(Iori)<br/><br/>
When I glare at them, the body of both George and Lily has instinctively shivered.<br/><br/>
「What are you doing, Olga! Get rid of them quickly!」(George)<br/><br/>
「Da-chan, come over here. Because Papa and Mama will protect you」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Un」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
Those three are settled near the chair where two girls are sitting.<br/><br/>
At first, it seems to be necessary to get rid off Olga before to go to the rescue.<br/><br/>
「”I’ll teach you”? I wonder what you to tell us because it’s gonna be you guys who going to die right here right now」(George)<br/><br/>
「Feel relieved, because you won’t be teaching us a thing」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「……you are as annoying as that good for nothing」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Thus, Olga releases his magical power crackling.<br/><br/>
That high stature and grey hair of his. Perhaps it is due to the influence of enormous magical powers contained inside him.<br/><br/>
「The one that you refer to the good for nothing is it the homunculus which collapsed in the forest?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
I saw that the girl who sat down on a chair twitchily reacted.<br/><br/>
If I am not mistaken, was it Michelle or something?<br/><br/>
The girl who that homunculus tried to protect his life.<br/><br/>
「Oh, have you seen it? That’s right. He is a homunculus made with the same purpose as me.<br/><br/>
Oh well, he no more than just a weak failure」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「…………」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「As for me, I am the perfect form that completely reproduced that “Hero Amatsu”. Even though both of us was based on the same person, I can not understand why he and I are so different」(Olga)<br/><br/>
……Aa, I think so too.<br/><br/>
Olga turns his tongue fluently as if he is ecstatic.<br/><br/>
「There’s no way that the real Amatsu was that naive, don’t you think?」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「…………」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「So, he no more than just a good for nothing imitation――」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「That’s enough, Just shut your trap, you “good for nothing”」(Iori)<br/><br/>
Ha? as Olga petrify.<br/><br/>
Elfi is laughing at the back.<br/><br/>
「Kuku. If this one is a copy of Amatsu, then this doll is no more than just a mere failure, ain’t he?」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
「……Aa, the failure and the fake was no other than you yourself, Olga」(Iori)<br/><br/>
At least.<br/><br/>
The will of wanted to help of that homunculus was genuine.<br/><br/>
It is different from the fake in front of me.<br/><br/>
「You s……aid that this me is fake……?」(Olga)<br/><br/>
As Olga body trembled relentlessly.<br/><br/>
He *DanDan* stamped his foot on the ground and begun shouting while baring his canine teeth.<br/><br/>
「I will kill you, YOU FUCKING BASTAAAAARD!!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Suddenly, the figure of Olga vanished.<br/><br/>
Kicking the wall while using the wind attribute magic, he’s leap like a spring-like in this room.<br/><br/>
「Iori, is it okay to leave that doll to you?」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
「Aa, I will clear it up promptly」(Iori)<br/><br/>
Even during our conversation, Olga is jumping around the room like a storm.<br/><br/>
「To boastfully blurting those damn thing. I’m a fake? Hah fine, then I’ll show you. I’ll teach you what a genuine blow is, right now」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「…………」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「You guys also came to save that brat, right? Then, its already decided. That, I’ll kill both of you and that brat mashes into a pulp. The same I did to that failure!!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
It felt quite unpleasant to heard that from a guy with the same face as me back then. I felt nothing at the time when I was with that homunculus back then, but I can’t stand with this one. It can not be helped that I get irritated.<br/><br/>
「Oraaa yo!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Olga passes through right beside me.<br/><br/>
The shock wave gently scoops the ground and the debris is blown up by the wind.<br/><br/>
「Hahahahahah! What with that! You can’t even chase me with that eyes of your!! You got guts to pick a fight with me! This hero me!!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Olga keeps moving fast while ridiculing.<br/><br/>
「It’s already late to feel sorry, you shitty bastard.<br/><br/>
And I’m gonna mess up that woman later――」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「Then, get it over quickly, you fake」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「……Aa, then die」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Olga came over as he shattering his foothold. It is a force as if a small typhoon took shape.<br/><br/>
「Kill him Olga!」(George)<br/><br/>
Olga approaches before my very eyes.<br/><br/>
Suddenly, the “Proof of Hero” that dwelled on my right hand is aching.<br/><br/>
The feeling is right.<br/><br/>
If it now, I can use “it” for sure.<br/><br/>
While having a ridiculing smile, Olga swung down his sword.<br/><br/>
「――【Hero Reproduction・The Raise】」(Iori)<br/><br/>
I took the blow with the arm which I strengthened by the magical power.<br/><br/>
Then, a great shock wave runs through the whole room that makes the experimental instruments to shake with a rattling sound before falling to the ground.<br/><br/>
「……Hah?」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Olga attack was stopped by one handly and his smile until then was overcome by dumbfounded looks.<br/><br/>
「Is that it?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Wha……!!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Olga greatly jumped backwards. And again, he strengthened himself with the wind and thrust toward me.<br/><br/>
Hence, I repel it lightly with my arms.<br/><br/>
「Owh……」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Countless slashes come flying at me, but I counter it by cut all of it with my jade longsword.<br/><br/>
「Owooh……」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Winds, flames, water, earth, the magic of all attributes flew from all sides.<br/><br/>
However, I completely erase everything with magic.<br/><br/>
「UwoooooohhhHH!!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Nevertheless, Olga is kept attacking me in succession while raising his desperate roar. Meanwhile, I dodge his magic, sword arts, jujutsu with a light moves.<br/><br/>
「What’s going on!? What are you!?」(Olga)<br/><br/>
The face of Olga is distorted to frustration. Yet, he continuously devoted all-out attacks without regard his pathetic appearances.<br/><br/>
Still, I do not get hit even by a mere single blow.<br/><br/>
「Impossible! Why……!? How come none of my attacks didn’t even reach you!?」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「…………」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「I am the strongest! I’m a hero! This is strange!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Then, I laughed scornfully at his remarks.<br/><br/>
「Such a weak good for nothing」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Ah……AHH………AAAHHH!!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
As Olga starts to crazily slash at me. However, I just simply repel it, dodge it and elude it.<br/><br/>
I completely disabling all of his attacks.<br/><br/>
「A hero with such a degree? Oi, don’t make me laugh. You can’t even win against Dionis if this all you got, you know?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Don’t lie to me! Because I’m the strongest! Nobody can match me! Even the Demon King itself!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「If Ortegia is your opponent, you are already dead at the first blow」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「UwaaaaaAAHHH!!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Perhaps he finally recognizes our ability difference.<br/><br/>
Olga screamed out with tears.<br/><br/>
「――Is it about time to end this」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Hii……」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「From a little while ago, you keep blurting that hero nonsense, aren’t you?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
Hence, I pour my magical power on the jade longsword. And what I’m going to use it, the “Ogre Sword”.<br/><br/>
「Right now I’m gonna show you what is the real blow of a hero like you said back then」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「T-that impossible……」(Olga)<br/><br/>
With a pale face, Olga edges back.<br/><br/>
「Y-you were……the original……!?」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「A clever answer」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「N-no……I hate it, I do not want to die!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Olga loses his fighting spirit and attempts to escape.<br/><br/>
「What an unsightly view.……that guy was more gallantly, you know?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「I hate thiiiiiiiis! I’m the real――――」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Then I send the fully magical power charged slash at him.<br/><br/>
「See ya later, fake」(Iori)<br/><br/>
The blow has broken off his sword which he held to prevent it from breaking through his hardening magic.That single blow which wore my magical power of the past has bisected Olga from the front.<br/><br/>
「Impos――――」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Olga disappeared without a trace while having distorted expression of fear.<br/><br/>
There is no piece of meat left, completely.<br/><br/>
Hence, the room was wrapped in silence.<br/><br/>
「wha……? How?」(George)<br/><br/>
「Eh? What the meaning of this?」(Lily)<br/><br/>
After a few seconds, George and Lilly began to lose their composure. As they restlessly looking around in the room for the figure of Olga.<br/><br/>
「Olga! What are you doing !?」(George)<br/><br/>
「Comes out quickly! Kill them quick !!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
But, there is no reply.<br/><br/>
With that, they finally realized that Olga was already dead. They began to tremble with fear.<br/><br/>
「The thing from before is……the mental magic……isn’t it?」(George)<br/><br/>
「Well, more than that, the magical power pattern just now is…no way, it’s impossible」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Eh? Papa? Mama? What’s the matter……?」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
George and Lily seemed to realize something. Only Dartis looks puzzled while looking at his parent’s face.<br/><br/>
「That’s why I’m telling you that “I’ll teach you shortly”, wasn’t I?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Yo-you bastard are……but that impossible」(George)<br/><br/>
「Aa, it’s been a while」(Iori)<br/><br/>
Their faces turn pale.<br/><br/>
I guess they finally realized my true identity after perceiving the magical power of the mental magic.<br/><br/>
「George Ignas Elvancht and Lily Famina Ambram……Ahh, you guys got married now, so, Lily surname should have changed too, isn’t it?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「No way!……this is impossible!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Nee, papa, mama, what are the meaning of this?」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
「Just shut up!!」(George)<br/><br/>
For George to shouts at his son whom he loved so much like that, it’s showed that his mind is probably already lost his composure.<br/><br/>
Lily seems to have no time to criticize his attitude.<br/><br/>
「Amatsu……is it?」(George)<br/><br/>
「Aa, that’s right. I returned in order to exact my revenge from you guys」(Iori)<br/><br/>
When saying it, I take one step forward.<br/><br/>
「Hii……」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Don’t come over here!」(George)<br/><br/>
With a shout of George, innumerable earth golem appeared from the ground.<br/><br/>
It approaches while making thudding sounds.<br/><br/>
「You’re in the way!」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
And it was instantaneously annihilated by Elfi demon eyes. Then followed by wreckage that rain into the ground lightly.<br/><br/>
「My giant earth golem for being easy……」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「……here I come」(Iori)<br/><br/>
I kick the ground and thrust to where George is.<br/><br/>
「No, don’t come over here!」(George)<br/><br/>
「This, restless soul……!!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Lily’s magic flows into the ground and making the foothold uneven. While George’s magic went down like a bullet.<br/><br/>
Attacking while sealing the movement of an opponent by disturbing their foothold. As expected from someone who once belongs to the Knight Templar, they used to fighting.<br/><br/>
「Wha……!?」(George)<br/><br/>
Hence, I supply the magical power on my shoes and start running while ignoring the bad foothold. Due to the effect of shoes, my movement does not falter not even the slightest at all.<br/><br/>
The azure shoes.<br/><br/>
It is a magic item that capable of ignoring the bad footing entirely. This is the first time that I use it, but its effect seems to be genuine.<br/><br/>
While both George and Lily keep shooting all their magic. I knock it off directly up front. Meanwhile, the surging earth golem has no meaning before the demon eyes of Elfi.<br/><br/>
「Hii……!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Perhaps they realized that they could not win. Followed by that scream, the couple retreat while hiding Dartis on their back. The affection for their child seems to be genuine when I look at the scene of them try to protect their child.<br/><br/>
……then.<br/><br/>
Why can’t you be affection to other kids just like that a little bit, too?<br/><br/>
I look at the girl’s who sit in the chair before turning my attention to George’s. Both of them have lost their consciousness. It is probably because of the aftermath of the fight with Olga.<br/><br/>
「……It’s okay now」(Iori)<br/><br/>
I swung my sword and destroyed the restraints that are trying their bodies<br/><br/>
Then, I carried both of them who became free. I took them to the safe place and put them on the ground.<br/><br/>
The girl called Michelle breathes badly. Apparently, her rib broke and it seems that her internal organs were damaged too.<br/><br/>
Another girl who belonged from the warcat kin was more severe. Her magical power is being sucked out from her body. If left unattended, she will weaken and probably will leading to her death.<br/><br/>
「I won’t let you die」(Iori)<br/><br/>
As for these two and as for other children.<br/><br/>
I will definitely help them.<br/><br/>
…… because I made a promise to him.<br/><br/>
「……this is terrible」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Pass the potion to me. I will treat these two」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
I took the potion out of the pouch and handed it to Elfi.<br/><br/>
「Say, Iori」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
While pouring the potions into the mouth of two of them, Elfi asked me without seeing here.<br/><br/>
「……What is it?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Are you relieved? Because those fellows are bad people and to be able to exact your revenge without reserve」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
「…………………」(Iori)<br/><br/>
I look back and throw a knife.<br/><br/>
The knife penetrated the thighs of the Dartis who was trying to escape.<br/><br/>
「GyaaaaaaAAAAHHH!!」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
「Da-chan!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「You bastard, what have you done……!」(George)<br/><br/>
Dartis is rolling while screaming like a pig. I threw the knife in the same way as those two who rushing for him.<br/><br/>
「GuaaAAHH」(George)<br/><br/>
「Hi, Hii……iGiiiII」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Mama! Please cure it quickly! I’m gonna die, I’m dying, I’m really gonna die!」(Dartis)<br/><br/>
The harsh screaming of those three echoes in the room.<br/><br/>
Then, I approach them step by step.<br/><br/>
「Wait……please wait! Please help me!」(George)<br/><br/>
George says with his agonizing expression floating.<br/><br/>
Ignore him, I keep moving a step forward.<br/><br/>
「Merwin, Beltoga, Olivia and Dionis. Is there anything you can think off after hearing these names?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「I-im……impossible」(George)<br/><br/>
「Aa, it is the name of the one whom I killed before I come here」(Iori)<br/><br/>
The body of those three people is *GataGata* tremble in fear.<br/><br/>
「George, Lily. You betrayed me」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Y-you’re wrong……! We……」(George)<br/><br/>
「I obtain your information from Luser’s, you try to kill me due to your desire for gold」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「T-that is……」(George)<br/><br/>
Even though he tried to say something with a pale face, it seems he can come up with an excuse.<br/><br/>
「……nevertheless, I’m」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「……………」<br/><br/>
「If you guys were repented……and running the orphanage for sake of children sincerely, I intended to let you guys off without retaliating」(Iori)<br/><br/>
Hearing those words, their complexion changes. Their eyes light up as if they have found means of escape.<br/><br/>
「W-we really opened the orphanage for sake of children!」(George)<br/><br/>
「That’s right! You saw how it was yesterday, right………!?」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Am-Amatsu-dono……! I’m begging you, please help us……!」(George)<br/><br/>
「Please!!」(Lily)<br/><br/>
As both of them said that as if implored for my mercy.<br/><br/>
「……Then, let’s restore the kids you killed」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Eh……?」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Make every single one of them smiling and bring them here right now」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「B-but, that is……」(George)<br/><br/>
That is not possible.<br/><br/>
They understand such a thing.<br/><br/>
Because it’s obvious.<br/><br/>
「Elfi, regarding what you asked me a while ago.<br/><br/>
That “are you relieved?”」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「…………」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
「……you got it wrong because I was disappointed. After all, it seems I am bad at judging others」(Iori)<br/><br/>
I wanted to believe in myself only for a moment.<br/><br/>
But, I was wrong.<br/><br/>
Humans can not change so easily.<br/><br/>
From the beginning, the guy who can reform won’t looks down and ridicule others for their own benefit.<br/><br/>
「I almost giving in to my revenge. Thanks to you, I was able to notice it」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Hii……」(George)<br/><br/>
「So I will not compromise anymore. For the one who betrayed me, I will never forgive them」(Iori)<br/><br/>
――Therefore.<br/><br/>
「I will show you guys what the hell is from now」(Iori)<br/><br/>
Thus, I activate the magic.<br/><br/>
「S-stop it――」(George)<br/><br/>
Then I reap the consciousness of those three.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 