<br/><br/>
Translator: Norva<br/><br/>
Editor: Norva<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
――The roar pierces the skies.<br/><br/>
The forest got caught in the torrent of magical power that overflowing from Amatsu.<br/><br/>
There is only one person ahead of a soul-stirring cry.<br/><br/>
The roar converges the young man who boasts and self-proclaimed as a hero.<br/><br/>
「Impossible, the mental magic!?」(Olga)<br/><br/>
In the presence of a mighty mental being leaked to the real world, Olga had irritation in his face for the first time.<br/><br/>
Toward Amatsu who exercising the great magic that can only be obtained by a handful of magicians is cannot hide his bewilderment.<br/><br/>
「Such thing……!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Olga “Hardening” his whole body to the utmost and then cladded himself in an armour made of magical power. It was powerful magic defence by taking advantage of the enormous magical power that he proud of.<br/><br/>
The impregnable guard that can prevent any advanced magic――but.<br/><br/>
「Gah――!?」(Olga)<br/><br/>
At the moment when a roar pierced it, the view of Olga turns white while his hearing is deprived.<br/><br/>
Furthermore, numbness like thunder ran throughout the whole body that has sealed all his movement.<br/><br/>
His magic organ also fails and he cannot exercise the recovery magic.<br/><br/>
At that time, Olga realized that he had been struck by a “wedge” that has constricted all his movements.<br/><br/>
「……!?」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Before the rigid Olga, Amatsu which has ceased screaming finally raised up. The strength of the will carve in that pair of eyes is in contrast with the one from before.<br/><br/>
「――――」<br/><br/>
Two wedges which were embedded in the Amatsu.<br/><br/>
The first one is the ability to control the amount of magic that Lily and George put on his bodies to prevent rebellion.<br/><br/>
There is no change in magic that he can use, but the output of magical power has increased.<br/><br/>
It’s a magical restraint that binds Amatsu’s ability.<br/><br/>
The second one is engraved in his heart, it is a feeling obliged that oneself is an imitation.<br/><br/>
The thought of oneself is an imitation and imitation cannot do anything.<br/><br/>
It is a psychological restraint which suppressed his own thought.<br/><br/>
――Mental Image【The Roar of Sincere Falsification (The Indelible Roar)】――<br/><br/>
Breaking those two restrain, Amatsu rise and let out a roar that represents the shape of his mind to the world.<br/><br/>
To prove his mind ideals.<br/><br/>
To protect the girl seeking help.<br/><br/>
「Ahh……」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
While lying down on the ground and struggling with pain, Michelle looks at the sight.<br/><br/>
After all, he is not a fake.<br/><br/>
――the scream was surely genuine.<br/><br/>
「――here I come」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
And Amatsu’s full power is released.<br/><br/>
More than one blade was produced from Amatsu’s body, and it pierces through Olga’s.<br/><br/>
Not only his unharmed right arm but also his left arm which should have been cut are reproduced and being directed at Olga as one blade.<br/><br/>
「Don’t underestimate me……!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「――――!」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
At the moment the blade hits Olga, Amatsu notices the abnormal hardness of Olga body.<br/><br/>
Olga was able to use his magic through exhaustive effort again the “restraint” that suppose to seal any movements of its target.<br/><br/>
He spreading his magical power throughout his body as he performing the “hardening”.<br/><br/>
「HaAAAAAH――!!」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
「Guu, OwoOOOH!!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Amatsu’s countless blades and Olga’s steel defences clashed.<br/><br/>
As steel with steel, magic with magic collided with each other.<br/><br/>
The clashing sounds of metals resonate in the forest which reverberates by raging magical power.<br/><br/>
「Go……for it, Onii-san……!!」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
There was encouragement voice of Michelle as not be lost by those loud sounds.<br/><br/>
Amatsu hears the scream while fighting.<br/><br/>
Clenching his teeth, Amatsu delivered his greatest blow.<br/><br/>
「――――」<br/><br/>
The huge blade that is delivered by him breaks through the defence of Olga.<br/><br/>
Hence, the fresh blood spouted out from the torn up flesh of steel.<br/><br/>
Suddenly, Amatsu looked back to Michelle and said.<br/><br/>
「――Run, Michelle」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
「Eh……?」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
――Even though Onii-san is superior, why did……?<br/><br/>
Just after that.<br/><br/>
Completely crushed the restraint, Olga roared outrage.<br/><br/>
The large penetrated wound is healed as if being regenerated.<br/><br/>
The blade which Amatsu shot for the second time was crushed and scattered by a slash of Olga.<br/><br/>
「Weak」(Olga)<br/><br/>
While trembling the whole body, Olga laughs.<br/><br/>
「Weak, weak, weak, weak, you’re freaking weak! Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「――――!?」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
「Is that mental magic? That kind of thing is!? Oi, oi, oi, oi, don’t make me laugh you fake!!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Immediately after that, the figure of Olga suddenly vanished. Like instantaneous movement, Olga is already at the in front of Amatsu.<br/><br/>
「Only a handful of people were allowed to reach the pinnacle of magic――Aah, even as for such great magic, it becomes so weak when you who are failure using it, right?」(Olga)<br/><br/>
When Amatsu attempt to takes a stance, it was interrupted by the movement of Olga.<br/><br/>
The sword was already been swung as if he totally ignored the logic itself.<br/><br/>
When he grasped it, from the tip of his shoulder to his flank was already had been greatly torn up.<br/><br/>
Amatsu mental image already broken and he was holding down the wound while staggering.<br/><br/>
He refuses to fall.<br/><br/>
Although he didn’t fall, currently, he just merely standing on his feet.<br/><br/>
「 What with ” I’m not a fake” from before. Did the real deal is just such a small fry as this? The real deal is something like this!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Swiftly, Olga’s sword is blurred.<br/><br/>
For Amatsu, it was something that he can’t follow with his eyes. Amatsu’s right arm had been severed immediately after that. However, it does not end only with that, the flesh of his whole body is being scaped off mercilessly.<br/><br/>
Amatsu was kneeling while spluttering a fresh blood.<br/><br/>
「Aren’t you happy, you fake? Cuz, I’m going to show you the power of the real deal right now」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「……」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
「Haha, that’s an interesting face. It is the ugly plain face appropriate for the imitation」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Olga sneers in a high-pitched voice at Amatsu who endure keeping his consciousness.<br/><br/>
「Geez, you were extremely conceited. For a just a mere slowpoke small fry trash and a defective imitation. By using the powerful mental magic that in name only but in fact it just some trashy magic, did you think you could beat me?」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「……I never think such a thing at all」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
「Hah?」(Olga)<br/><br/>
「From the beginning……I never thought I could win」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
【The Sincere Roar of Imitation (The Indelible Roar)】 is a magic that unleashed oneself from the wedge. The user won’t gain new power but it’s a magic that draws out all oneself has. Therefore, the victory and defeat had been decided from the beginning.<br/><br/>
「……But even so」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
Because it was the shape of his mind that he won’t yield it to anyone no matter what.<br/><br/>
「I ought to fight you!!」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
As the vitality which was breathed into his body was already in tatters.<br/><br/>
Even so, he still able to move his body.<br/><br/>
Amatsu yells that victory or defeat does not matter,<br/><br/>
「Ah, really?」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Amatsu was pulverized to the ground in response to a fatal blow released by Olga. The splashing sound was audible as he being squashed into his own blood pool.<br/><br/>
「I can’t win but I fought with effort! I see I see.<br/><br/>
So what? Were there any things you will obtain from all of it?」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Kicking at the head of Amatsu, Olga laughs.<br/><br/>
「Hey, tell me. Hey, hey, hey, tell me now!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Over and over again, Olga relentlessly steps on Amatsu.<br/><br/>
Unfortunately, Amatsu doesn’t have any strength to opposed Olga anymore.<br/><br/>
「……Thank you, Michelle」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
Is what Amatsu said.<br/><br/>
「Wha……?」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Olga looks for Michelle to investigate the real intention of the words. And he discovered the figure of Michelle who was trying to escape to the exit of the forest.<br/><br/>
「Onii-san……! I will get help soon!」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
With face soiled with tears, Michelle scream.<br/><br/>
「So……don’t die!」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
And she started running without looking back.<br/><br/>
「!? That little whore! Like I’m gonna to let you escape!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
The moment when Olga was going to leap to chase Michelle.<br/><br/>
Something has caught on Olga’s leg.<br/><br/>
「I won’t……let you」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
「Why you……!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
The dying body Amatsu adhered around the feet of Olga.<br/><br/>
「Let me go, you small fry……!」(Olga)<br/><br/>
Olga relentlessly kicking Amatsu with a kick that loaded with magical power. Every blow, there was a squashy and a fatal sound.<br/><br/>
But even so, the restraint of Amatsu will not come off.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
「I’ll……I will hold you………no matter what」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
So, Michelle.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
――You must escape.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
◆<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
Run.<br/><br/>
Towards the exit of the forest with all she got. She just keeps on running without worrying about her steps.<br/><br/>
「Haa……Haa……」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
Michelle desperately endures that she almost burst into tears as rubs tears that are about to flow.<br/><br/>
In order to help her, Amatsu fought till he becoming tattered.<br/><br/>
And, she doesn’t want to let him die.<br/><br/>
「Someone……!」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
Even though she manages to leave the forest, it will take a while to reach the town, and with the present Michelle’s steps, Amatsu will be killed by the time she reaches the town.<br/><br/>
「……What should I do?」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
It was just before Michelle went out of the forests, while still trying to resist the despair of falling from her knees.<br/><br/>
「――――!」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
There were several figures in front of her.<br/><br/>
It is the real flesh-and-blood human being who is not the earth golem and it was the figure of several men who hid their face with a hood while holding a weapon at their waist.<br/><br/>
Looking at Michelle who came running, the expression of the person who takes the lead was having a shocked look.<br/><br/>
From inside the hood, there’s short green yellow hair and fine blue eyes could be seen.<br/><br/>
Either the man is training his body on a daily basis, his body is sturdy enough as it easy to see it through even being covered by the robe.<br/><br/>
「Are you a child from the orphanage……? What are you doing in this place?」<br/><br/>
「Please help……!」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
As grasping at straws, Michelle told the circumstances to men.<br/><br/>
The experiment that was conducted in the basement of an orphanage.<br/><br/>
Then oneself having escaped while there’s a person who fights to let oneself go.<br/><br/>
「……What the hell is that?」<br/><br/>
The man clenches his teeth while clenching his fist. He was trembling as if he cannot permit such inhuman thing being performed at the orphanage.<br/><br/>
「I understood, let’s head to the orphanage right now.<br/><br/>
We will help your friends who are fighting, too」<br/><br/>
「It’s true……!?」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
「Obviously, so could you take us to the place where your friends are?」<br/><br/>
「Okay……!」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
It was a moment when she turned her back on a man to guide him to Amatsu.<br/><br/>
*Thunk* as a dull shock run and strength is lost from Michelle’s body.<br/><br/>
「……Eh?」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
Michelle looks back while falling down.<br/><br/>
The man had an expression as he been looking at a filthy thing, and it happens too soon that she didn’t notice when did that man pull out his sword.<br/><br/>
Michelle understands that she was beaten with the handle of the sword.<br/><br/>
「Tsk, what a drag. What are George-san’s doing?<br/><br/>
What the hell happen for such a brat to escape?」<br/><br/>
「What should we do?」<br/><br/>
「What a careless airhead fellow, I guess we have to carry her. Hey, you carry her on your shoulder and let’s keep moving」<br/><br/>
「Yes, sir. ――Marx・・・・・・・-san」<br/><br/>
She heard such a word in her fading consciousness.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
◆<br/><br/>
「Looks like you’ve taken care of her」(George)<br/><br/>
「Well, please be careful. It won’t be a laughing matter if she escaped」<br/><br/>
There was the figure of George and Lily and men who put on the hood in the depths of the forest.<br/><br/>
The stunned and exhausted Michelle is being held by the earth golem.<br/><br/>
「So……what did you want from us for today?」<br/><br/>
「How did the usual disposal turn out and our usual reward」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「……today, there’s no time for it. There’s a lot of trouble and we have finished the disposal but I can’t prepare the reward yet」<br/><br/>
The hood guy frowns his face blatantly at George who said it not a good time and told him to come next time.<br/><br/>
「Of course, I’ll give you a reward for catching this escapee and I’ll hand the reward right away」(George)<br/><br/>
「……I understand」<br/><br/>
Then men left the place after nodding in consent and it is likely that they return with the “metastasis formation” that concealed in the forest.<br/><br/>
After taking a breath, George and Lily turned their eyes to Michelle who fainted.<br/><br/>
「Good grief, we sure had a hard time handling her」(George)<br/><br/>
「I had a cold sweat when Olga tried to kill her」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Because Dartis want her to be unharmed.<br/><br/>
If Olga kills her, they will not be able to fulfil their beloved son’s wishes.<br/><br/>
So, they came all the way to the outside of the orphanage because they cannot permit that to happen.<br/><br/>
Moreover, Olga has already returned to the basement.<br/><br/>
「Hmm, that’s not bad」(George)<br/><br/>
As George kicking at the object that was lying on the ground.<br/><br/>
It was a remnant of Amatsu whose whole body was in tatters was there and his body is broken at the level which cannot be repaired any longer and he was barely breathing.<br/><br/>
「I expected a little when he using the mental magic……but it was disappointing after all, huh」(George)<br/><br/>
「He is worthless until the end」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「Plus, the trap which I set with much effort is destroyed too. This trash!」(George)<br/><br/>
George repeatedly kicks Amatsu to vent his frustration. However, Amatsu only breathes slightly and does not show any reaction.<br/><br/>
「Fuu」(George)<br/><br/>
「What are we going to do with this?」(Lily)<br/><br/>
「It would be good to leave him be because he’ll immediately turn into magic particles and disappears as soon as he die」(George)<br/><br/>
「Yeah, you’re right. Well then shall we go back to Da-chan?」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Their lovely son is waiting for them.<br/><br/>
They left the place like a spring in their step.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
◆<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
Nothing is visible anymore.<br/><br/>
His eyeball has lost its function and the eyelids would never be open again.<br/><br/>
His entire body is chopped up, even crawling is not possible for him to do so.<br/><br/>
He just barely enough to move his left arm slightly.<br/><br/>
Moreover, Michelle was not able to escape. As it is, Michelle will experience something more miserable than death itself. Even so, he does not have the power to help her anymore.<br/><br/>
He doesn’t have time anymore. Within minutes, Amatsu will die. In the midst of death, he can only be frustrated by the regret that he could not help Michelle.<br/><br/>
At that time.<br/><br/>
There were a person’s footsteps in the immediate vicinity.<br/><br/>
There seem to be two people somehow or other.<br/><br/>
Probably, George and Lily come over. Even without doing anything, he would die eventually.<br/><br/>
「――――」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
The footstep is getting closer. Then, he heard a sound of someone holding their breath.<br/><br/>
That’s strange, Amatsu thinks. Because George and Lily will not surprised to see oneself conditions.<br/><br/>
Then, the owner of this footstep.<br/><br/>
「Is……some……one……there……」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
As he barely let out a voice from his throat after struggle desperately.<br/><br/>
「Children……please help them……」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
「…………」<br/><br/>
「That……orphanage……killing those children……for experiments……」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
Amatsu stretches out his hand towards someone to cling to.<br/><br/>
This is the last thing he can do in a few seconds left until his death.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
「Even……now, that girl……will experiencing… something horrible……」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
「…………」<br/><br/>
「Ple……ase」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
His whole body lost it’s strength as he said those words.<br/><br/>
His time is up.<br/><br/>
His voice won’t come out anymore.<br/><br/>
The hand that was stretching out is losing its strength.<br/><br/>
As for someone who is there all along is saying nothing at all.<br/><br/>
Nobody would believe if being asked to help a suspicious person like oneself, because<br/><br/>
it is natural to do so.<br/><br/>
Naturally, however.<br/><br/>
「……Michell……please……help her……」(Amatsu)<br/><br/>
The throat which was supposed loses it strength is moving to squeeze out his last words. Even though there is no strength remained in his body to enable him to speak. What makes it possible to happen was Amatsu heart desire to want to help Michel by all means.<br/><br/>
His hand finally lose its strength.<br/><br/>
Just before his hand that he was raising falls to the ground.<br/><br/>
「――――」<br/><br/>
Someone grabbed Amatsu’s hand.<br/><br/>
A sensation of powerful and warm palm.<br/><br/>
(……aah)<br/><br/>
He wonders why.<br/><br/>
Amatsu felt that he knew that hand.<br/><br/>
It’s far away from his reach. But, it was something that was the nearest.<br/><br/>
The real thing which he had been sought for a long time.<br/><br/>
(Ahh……)<br/><br/>
If it him, he can leave it to him.<br/><br/>
That’s right, he feels relieved.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
―― Amatsu finally fell asleep.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
The arm which was stretched out desperately for sake of helping somebody.<br/><br/>
While strongly grasping it,<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
「――Aah, just leave it to me」<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
Amatsuki Iori said so.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
Norva: Please wait for a while, because I will deliver you the episode 12-14 after this <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/><br/>
 Advertisements<br/><br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/><br/>
                        Thank you for submitting the report!<br/><br/>
                    <br/><br/>
Seen ad many times<br/><br/>
Not relevant<br/><br/>
Offensive<br/><br/>
Covers content<br/><br/>
Broken<br/><br/>
Report this ad<br/><br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 