<br/><br/>
Translator: Norva<br/><br/>
Editor: Norva<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
–<br/><br/>
–<br/><br/>
The day after we came back from the orphanage.<br/><br/>
I was lying in bed and remembering the sight at the orphanage.<br/><br/>
Children who lost their families and places to live caused by war. When I fought as a hero, I have seen such existence for many times.<br/><br/>
Having their loved ones killed, the village and town that once lived were destroyed and the crying children.<br/><br/>
――How good it would be if I could turn that crying face into a smile.<br/><br/>
I thought so in the heroic era.<br/><br/>
It hasn’t changed, even now.<br/><br/>
The heart that wants to help others.<br/><br/>
I am wondering whether it is a beautiful or a hypocritical thing, but I hold it firm as my determination.<br/><br/>
But.<br/><br/>
I remember the pain of my arms being cut down and pierced through my chest.<br/><br/>
I remember the face of those fellows that ridicule it for nothing.<br/><br/>
Their face which I saw in Luser memory, trying to betray me because of desire is burned in my head.<br/><br/>
「……unforgivable」(Iori)<br/><br/>
Detestable.<br/><br/>
I cannot forgive those fellows.<br/><br/>
Reform?<br/><br/>
Do it look like I care?<br/><br/>
No matter how much you for, the spilt water does not return to the tray.<br/><br/>
The past that they betrayed me does not change.<br/><br/>
Cut down their limbs, broil their wound with fire, gouge their eyeballs, scrape off their nose and lips, beat them with the endless pain and despair.<br/><br/>
I make them regret that it was a mistake to have betrayed me and making them were before finished it by killing them.<br/><br/>
The smile of the child in that orphanage freezes the thought filled with such hatred.<br/><br/>
「……was laughing」(Iori)<br/><br/>
Yes, that right.<br/><br/>
The children were laughing.<br/><br/>
There were children under the age of five or six years old, too.<br/><br/>
There were also the demi-human that being humiliated in the Religious state.<br/><br/>
They were laughing even though they have lost their family, friends, and place where they have lived.<br/><br/>
It was George and Lily who made them smile.<br/><br/>
Won’t I will be robbing their smile if I kill those two.<br/><br/>
Should I prioritize the vengeance or sympathy first?<br/><br/>
「……kindness」(Iori)<br/><br/>
―― Self-mockery for having leniency by prioritizing others.<br/><br/>
I should have decided it.<br/><br/>
That, I will have my revenge on them by using everything I got.<br/><br/>
Although the revenge targets are already before my very eye, what up with such hesitation.<br/><br/>
「I――――」(Iori)<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
「――Demon King Ki――ck!!」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
「BuHah――!?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
A shock runs through the flank and I was knocked down from the bed.<br/><br/>
I fall to the floor from face and *GoroGoro* rolling on the floor.<br/><br/>
「……Ouch its fucking hurts」(Iori)<br/><br/>
On top of the bed, there Elfi who was standing with some disappointed expression on her face.<br/><br/>
She also extends her right foot in kicking pose.<br/><br/>
「……What the hell are you doing Elfi!」(Iori)<br/><br/>
When I raised and scowled at her, Elfi response it with「Hmph」snorting her nose.<br/><br/>
「You are worrying too much since a little while ago」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
「Wha……didn’t you said that you would respect whatever choice I made」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Umu, that’s right. I respect Iori’s choice and I will comply with it」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
Yet she pointing her finger at me while,<br/><br/>
「From a little while ago you have been *ButsuButsu* muttering alone…………! It is irritating and it’s kinda creepy, too! This precious apple pies will go unpalatable because of it !!」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
「You know what……! I was mu-」(Iori)<br/><br/>
She suddenly thrust the apple pie the moment I opened my mouth.<br/><br/>
「Look here! If we kept staying in this room, it will get dark. So, let’s go outside」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
Elfi began preparing for going out and today is the day the shoes I ordered will be completed.<br/><br/>
So, I chewing the pie in my mouth while feeling indignant at such domineering attitude of her.<br/><br/>
……Certainly, he said that the shoes were surely done in around three days.<br/><br/>
Today is exactly the third day after placing an order.<br/><br/>
「……Hey, let’s go」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
Elfi reaches out to me who is still on the floor.<br/><br/>
「……Aa」(Iori)<br/><br/>
I took her hand and changed my mood as I decided to go get my shoes.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
◆<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
「You’ve come, Onii-chan. I’ve created a masterpiece 」<br/><br/>
It was a magic item of a shoe type that was handed over from an excited clerk. Like adventurers prefer to wear, the boots made of demonic being skin that emphasizes mobility and ruggedness. It was embedded with divided overlord squid demon core.<br/><br/>
「I heard it from the guy who made it that he seems tried to match a suitable magic that matches with the effect that receives from the demon core」<br/><br/>
The effect that the shoes have is two.<br/><br/>
The first is acceleration boost that is activated by flowing magical power.<br/><br/>
It seems that instantaneous acceleration is possible by releasing the magical power of water from shoes.<br/><br/>
I nodded to the word of warning from the clerk because it moves only on the straight line.<br/><br/>
And the second one.<br/><br/>
As for this, it is the effect which utilizes the property of the demon core of the overlord squid. When magical power is flowing through these shoes, it seems that it will be possible to move regardless of the circumstance of the surface.<br/><br/>
Even in places where the unstable foothold like at the holy mountain, it is possible to fight without worrying about it.<br/><br/>
Moreover, it seems that it is possible to slide and move on the water surface too.<br/><br/>
I got my hand on a pretty good thing.<br/><br/>
I pay more than the actual price while leaving the shop in the good mood.<br/><br/>
「Good sword, good armour, and in addition, good equipment is obtained」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
「Aa, they are good shoes. Shall I name it as the “Azure Shoes”?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
When we return, I will change into these shoes immediately and try the effect.<br/><br/>
「Come to think of it, do Elfi need to buy some equipment?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
Elfi has been wearing the same clothes since I met her.<br/><br/>
It’s a jet black dress.<br/><br/>
Moreover, I have never seen she wash it even once.<br/><br/>
「…………」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「You are thinking something rude, didn’t you? Do you want some demon king kicks?」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
「No, I didn’t」(Iori)<br/><br/>
Oh well, Elfi picks up her dress.<br/><br/>
「This is made up of my magical power and the defence power is much higher than the full-plate armour.……I do not have to wash it, too」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
「Heh, that nice. If you can make it with magical power, then, please make something for me too」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「I don’t mind it, but……I’m afraid that the current Iori will not be able to withstand the magical power because you will continue being clad by my strong magical power directly」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
「I won’t be able to withstand?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「Yes, because the blood might spew out every pore of your entire body. But if you’re okay with it, I’ll make it if you like?」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
「No, I don’t need it」(Iori)<br/><br/>
At first, glance, although the defensive power does not seem to be that high, it seems to be quite sturdy though.<br/><br/>
In that case, that she certainly does not need equipment.<br/><br/>
「 But if Iori want to buy something for me, I shall receive it」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
「 But, you got your own money, right?」(Iori)<br/><br/>
「 A gift is a different thing!」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
After that, we strolled around the holy city.<br/><br/>
The city is relatively clean compared to the hot springs city and other cities.<br/><br/>
Elfi was also impressed by it.<br/><br/>
「But there are lots of fancy people, huh」(Elfi)<br/><br/>
When Elfi saw the knights templar around the city, she muttered so.<br/><br/>
「Recently, it seems that people are missing.<br/><br/>
Perhaps, they are wary because of that」(Iori)<br/><br/>
Well, even without such cases or the Mazoku has not entered the city, the knight’s templar will be on the lookout.<br/><br/>
While having such a talk, I was lead by Elfi and walked around the city while eating.<br/><br/>
By the time I came back to the inn, the sun had completely gone down.<br/><br/>
Before I know it, we seem to have been walking for quite a while.<br/><br/>
After dinner, I rest in my room.<br/><br/>
I finally got the answer which I looking for.<br/><br/>
「Elfi, I――――」(Iori)<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
◆<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
Early in the morning the next day after the visitor came to an orphanage.<br/><br/>
「Yuma-kun! Bye bye!」<br/><br/>
「Take care!」<br/><br/>
At the entrance of the orphanage, the children were shedding tears while Yuma was going off.<br/><br/>
Yuma is an elf who had his village burned down by the demon king army and was separated from his family.<br/><br/>
Last year, George and Lily took him to this orphanage.<br/><br/>
「Everyone……! I will come back to see you again……!」(Yuma)<br/><br/>
Yuma who being sent off shudder his face and waves his hands to the others children.<br/><br/>
There are a lot of demi-human in the orphanage.<br/><br/>
There is no discrimination in the orphanage because George is indiscriminately taking care of both humans and demi-humans.<br/><br/>
Everyone is a family regardless of human or demi-human.<br/><br/>
「He’s off……」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
Taken by George and Lilly, Yuma walked towards the forest.<br/><br/>
George said that Yuma’s family have come and they will reunite in the holy city.<br/><br/>
「……It’s nice for him」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
Michelle, one of the children that waving at Yuma, muttered so with a small voice.<br/><br/>
From now on, Yuma will live happily with his family.<br/><br/>
I’m not lonely because I have everyone in the orphanage, but I envy you for being able to see your real family.<br/><br/>
「Sheena also went to see her family……」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
Looking at the Yuma that disappeared into the forest, Michelle thought that way.<br/><br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/><br/>
                        Thank you for submitting the report!<br/><br/>
                    <br/><br/>
Seen ad many times<br/><br/>
Not relevant<br/><br/>
Offensive<br/><br/>
Covers content<br/><br/>
Broken<br/><br/>
Report this ad <br/><br/>
◆<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
Michelle was lived in a peaceful village in the south-west direction of the holy city of Schmelz. Although she was not wealthy, it was her happiest days when she able to spend her days with her father, mother and older sister.<br/><br/>
Her father said some silly thing that makes Michelle and her sister have a cold eye at him while only her mother has a good laugh at it.<br/><br/>
Her father and mother would praise her whenever she helps with the farm work with her sister.<br/><br/>
They all look forward to the fruit pies that her father buys in the city once a month.<br/><br/>
Michelle was fond of such a trifling life.<br/><br/>
But it didn’t last long.<br/><br/>
Two years ago, a great deal of demonic being appeared near the village.<br/><br/>
The village was filled with demonic being, at that time Michelle was separated from her family.<br/><br/>
「Papa, mama……onee-chan, where are……」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
She can’t find her family, she was starving and don’t know what to do.<br/><br/>
At that time, it was picked up by the someone from knight templar by chance.<br/><br/>
And she was brought to this orphanage.<br/><br/>
「Michelle, this is your house until you find your family」<br/><br/>
「Please do not hesitate, just say anything」<br/><br/>
It was a kind married couple to have greeted Michelle who was anxious.<br/><br/>
George and Lily.<br/><br/>
They said that they will look after Michelle until they find her a family.<br/><br/>
The orphanage was located in a place surrounded by the forest, a little away from the holy city of Schmelz.<br/><br/>
The building is beautiful and there are a lot of toys and picture books for children inside.<br/><br/>
There was also a playground equipment in the garden.<br/><br/>
「Your new friends increase from today. She’s Michelle, I want everyone to get along with her」<br/><br/>
They were a lot of children that she saw waiting at the orphanage. A child who has lost and separated from their family just like Michelle.<br/><br/>
Moreover, there was catskin and elf kin among them too.<br/><br/>
「Its the demi-human……it’s scary」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
Michelle thought that way at first.<br/><br/>
There is no demi-human in her village and there are people who say that demi-human was an existence that disobey the teachings of Melt.<br/><br/>
Demi-human is a bad existence.<br/><br/>
Lily said to Michelle who is anxious.<br/><br/>
「Neither the human nor the demi-human will matter. because either of them has their own good point, right?」(Lily)<br/><br/>
Michelle was a sceptical one, but she immediately found out what Lily’s say is right.<br/><br/>
All the children in the orphanage treated Michelle without distinction.<br/><br/>
Still, Michelle was disheartening after separated from her family. Besides, Michelle was originally not very good at talking with other people. Even if they treated her without distinction, she was not able to adapt and return their good favour well enough.<br/><br/>
It was Sheena to have cheered up such Michelle.<br/><br/>
「I’m Sheena, best regard Michelle-chan!」(Sheena)<br/><br/>
With a lively short brown hair and two cat ears that grow from her head. With a bright smile like the sun, a girl from a warcat kin.<br/><br/>
Because when she was together with Sheena, Michelle has no time to feel lonely. Because she gets clingy with her.<br/><br/>
「NeNeNe! Michelle-chan hair is so beautiful, isn’t it? What did you do with it?」(Sheena)<br/><br/>
「Nee! Let’s play? Are you sleepy? You can’t do that! If you were to say such a thing to a child! Hey, let’s go!」(Sheena)<br/><br/>
「Ta-da! Was it Michell-chan birthday? This! I made it with flowers!」(Sheena)<br/><br/>
To be frank, it was irritating at first. Because she had a loud voice and pushy. But while being touched by the brightness of such Sheena, it became absurd to be depressed. Even though a child with the same circumstances as oneself is energetic like this, why is oneself *GuzuGuzu* saddening like this?<br/><br/>
Right from having such thought, both of them have become existence to call each other a best friend.<br/><br/>
Thanks to Sheena, about two months later Michelle was able to adapt to the orphanage. Although it was troublesome in some cases such have to study Melt-sama teachings, can’t go outside without permission and can’t strolling at night. Living in an orphanage was enjoyable.<br/><br/>
She made a lot of friends and George and Lily are very kind. Sometimes she lonely when her friends have found a family and leaving or it was painful not to be able to see her family, but still Michelle was happy.<br/><br/>
「Michelle-chan! If you find your family someday, introduce me」(Sheena)<br/><br/>
「Why……?」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
「I will introduce Michelle to my family too! Then, why don’t we go on a trip to a hot spring city with our families?」(Sheena)<br/><br/>
「 ……a trip, I want to go, too」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
「That’s right!」(Sheena)<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
With Sheena, she made such a promise.<br/><br/>
Such a life continued for two years……<br/><br/>
The news came from George and Lily that Sheena family was found.<br/><br/>
「Finally……I can meet my mother……」(Sheena)<br/><br/>
Sheena shrugged with her tears *PoroPoro* dropping.<br/><br/>
Always bright and pushy was shedding tears delightfully. Looking at it, Michelle thought, “I’m glad” from the bottom of her heart.<br/><br/>
But she was very lonely to be parting with Sheena.<br/><br/>
Sheena who wiped her tears said to Michel who is depressed.<br/><br/>
「Michelle, don’t look like that! Michelle will find your family too」(Sheena)<br/><br/>
「……but」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
「Please don’t worry. Besides, I will come to see Michelle again. Because we have promised that we will go on a trip, right」(Sheena)<br/><br/>
「……Un, promised」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
The promise is carved in their heart. And, Sheena left the orphanage two days ago.<br/><br/>
「Hmm……」(Michelle)<br/><br/>
Slapping her cheeks, Michelle pulls herself together.<br/><br/>
If I am depressed like this, Sheena will laugh at me. Besides, the twelve-year-old Michelle is comparatively grown up among the children in the orphanage.<br/><br/>
When I am depressed, the younger child becomes uneasy, too.<br/><br/>
「……Okay」(Michelle )<br/><br/>
James and others went out to send Yuma off. When they were entrusted with the rest, they say.<br/><br/>
「It’s time to get inside everyone」(Michelle) (James)<br/><br/>
Before I meet Sheena with our family again, I grow up as much as possible and surprise her next time we meet.<br/><br/>
Michelle was determined to do so while giving instructions to other kids.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
<< Previous | Main Page | Next >><br/><br/>
 Advertisements<br/><br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/><br/>
                        Thank you for submitting the report!<br/><br/>
                    <br/><br/>
Seen ad many times<br/><br/>
Not relevant<br/><br/>
Offensive<br/><br/>
Covers content<br/><br/>
Broken<br/><br/>
Report this adAdvertisements<br/><br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/><br/>
                        Thank you for submitting the report!<br/><br/>
                    <br/><br/>
Seen ad many times<br/><br/>
Not relevant<br/><br/>
Offensive<br/><br/>
Covers content<br/><br/>
Broken<br/><br/>
Report this ad<br/><br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 