[Sairin Yuusha no Fukushuu Hanashi v5c12](https://roartion.wordpress.com/sairin-yuusha-no-fukushuu-hanashi-2/sairin-yuusha-v5-c12/)
<br/><br/>
TN: So, after dying over and over on this fokin chapter here it isEN: I was woken from my eternal sleep… <br/>
raw<br/>
Episode 12 The Avenger Laughing at the Moon<br/>
On that day, several Sacred Knights rushed to Marcus’ mansion.<br/>
This is because those living nearby had reported a series of suspicious sounds coming from the mansion.<br/>
The knights knocked on the door, but there was no response.<br/>
Vigilantly, the knights who went inside saw the deputy captain Leo and Kyrie who belong to the Order.<br/>
Both of them were injured and thus, were immediately taken to the hospital.<br/>
Subsequent investigations revealed all the evil that Marx had done.<br/>
A large number of women were held captive in the dungeon.<br/>
The inhumane deeds that had been carried out and the large quantities of illegal drugs that had been hidden…<br/>
Documents linking Marx to George and Lily, who were recently flagged as wanted were also found.<br/>
Many of the rescued women are addicted to the drug and are being treated urgently.<br/>
It can take a long time to break free from addiction.<br/>
During the treatment, it was made clear that the women were the victims of the recent disappearances.<br/>
Marx’s men, who have been involved in this crime, were found collapsed in the basement.<br/>
Somehow, they had all been knocked unconscious.<br/>
So far, it was thought that Marx had cut them down to make bait.<br/>
The key to the story is that Marx was never found and was soon put on the wanted list.<br/>
However, it stayed secret.<br/>
If this case was known to the outside world, the authority of the Sacred Knights would be greatly diminished.<br/>
On the contrary, even the prestige of “Holy Light God” Melt would be tarnished.<br/>
A gag order has been kept hushed up among the people involved, and it is strictly forbidden to speak out.　<br/>
Because of this, though, rumors are slowly spreading in the Holy City.<br/>
The treatment of Leo and Kyrie, who had revealed Marcus’s misdeeds, was greatly divided between the Order and the Knights.<br/>
However, Leo is the only user of mental magic in the Order and Kyrie the sole user of sacred magic.<br/>
Both are irreplaceable human resources and cannot be treated roughly.<br/>
Although not outwardly, it has been decided that a reward will be sent to the two people in secret.<br/>
This incident has severely curtailed the momentum of the sub-human exclusionist group.<br/>
This is because Marx was one of the banner figures of the Exclusionists.<br/>
A major change is about to occur not only within the Sacred knights but also within the Order.<br/>
Whether it will be for the better or the worse, only God knows.<br/>
That’s what happened in this case.<br/>
◆<br/>
A few days after I had successfully pushed the Knights to deal with the aftermath, Leo arrived at the inn where we were staying.<br/>
The same as before, all the while keeping out of sight so that no one would notice.<br/>
“You were the ones who delivered the letter to me, weren’t you?<br/>
“…What are you talking about?”<br/>
“…And you guys were the ones who gave first aid to me and Kyrie when we were down, right?”<br/>
Laughing at my blurting out, Leo said.<br/>
“You don’t have to answer. There’s something going on between you guys, isn’t there?”<br/>
“……….”<br/>
“I don’t care what the circumstances are. I just want to thank you guys for what you did for me.”<br/>
I’m sure we didn’t leave any evidence at the scene, but it seems that we weren’t able to hide it from Leo.<br/>
“Indeed, we did the letter and the first-aid.”<br/>
After we crushed Marcus’ crotch, we cast a healing spell on Leo and Kyrie.<br/>
It’s only a first-aid measure, though, we left it up to those paid for that, the healing magicians, to completely heal them.<br/>
“Thank you. I’ve been able to save Kyrie, thanks to you guys. I can’t thank you enough.”<br/>
Leo bowed deeply to us and thanked us.<br/>
“I don’t know what you’re talking about but…”<br/>
“Good opportunity…”<br/>
I blurted out, but then I said something.<br/>
“If you’re grateful, would you mind doing me a few favors?”<br/>
“If I can do it, I’ll take care of it.”<br/>
I was quite reckless, but I guess Leo is a righteous man when he accepted the job.<br/>
As expected, though, he had a reluctant expression on his face.<br/>
This should make it easier to do many things in the future.<br/>
And so, after Leo heard my ‘request’, he left the inn.<br/>
◆<br/>
The day after Leo came to the inn.<br/>
In the evening, Elfi and I were eating food at a restaurant in the Holy City.<br/>
Compared to other countries, the Church State has a stronger agricultural production.<br/>
Even Elfi, with her well-developed palate, was groaning at the deliciousness of the bread made from the wheat of the teaching nation.<br/>
Out of the four loaves of bread I asked for, Elfi took three of them.<br/>
She made a sad face when I tried to reach for the bread, so I could only eat one.<br/>
“So.”<br/>
Elfi asked me just after finishing the fourth loaf, what I was wondering.<br/>
“Why did you even bother calling Leo?”<br/>
–On the way to Marcus’ mansion<br/>
At Elfi’s suggestion, I decided to deliver a letter to Leo describing what happened.　<br/>
I’m going to use Leo to get him to clean up after Marx.<br/>
I didn’t expect Leo to arrive before me because of the time spent on setting the trap.<br/>
Well, it was a good thing Leo came early as a result.<br/>
Otherwise, Kyrie wouldn’t have been safe.<br/>
“Hmm? I’m sure you explained it’s in order to force him clean up.”<br/>
There’s nothing weird about Elfi’s explanation.<br/>
To force Leo to clean up.<br/>
In fact, thanks to Leo and his team, the rescue of the victims and so on was running smoothly.<br/>
The other is insurance.<br/>
If Luzer interfered in some way, it might have turned dangerous.<br/>
If Leo, a knight of the sacred knight and renowned for his ability to use psychic magic, came to help, I thought we could turn the situation around.<br/>
“Was that really all?”<br/>
But I was stuck on one thing Elfi said.<br/>
‘I’m a little frustrated with the way things are going. I can’t stand it, so stick with me for a minute.’<br/>
Before I went to write to Leo, Elfi had said that to me.<br/>
“Mu…..”<br/>
Elfi looked a little awkward and sipped the hot milk she’d asked for with the bread.<br/>
It was hot, and with tears in her eyes, Elfi replied awkwardly.<br/>
“Well, I just couldn’t stand to see those two in such a frustrating love affair.”<br/>
“I wanted to do something about their misunderstanding,” Elfi said with a slight blush on her cheeks.<br/>
“That’s … that’s why?”<br/>
I rolled my eyes at Elfi’s unexpected words.<br/>
I didn’t think I would one day hear the word “love” come out of Elfi’s mouth.<br/>
“Well, you don’t have to look so surprised!　When you see a man and a woman on the verge of a tragic love affair, it’s normal to want to do something about it!”<br/>
Is that so?<br/>
There may be some people who think that way, but what Elfi said made me feel uncomfortable.<br/>
She who puts her appetite before her looks, come on…(色気より食い気な、こいつがねえ)<br/>
“Well, you’ve lived a long time. Didn’t you experience one or two episodes of romance too?”<br/>
“… eh? Ah, yeah, of course, I did. I’m a battle-hardened love demon!”<br/>
“……….”<br/>
Well, let’s not say, everyone.(TN: yea sounds weird but deal with it \~\~)<br/>
After all, Elfi is Elfi.<br/>
“B-By the way, did Iori experience such a thing? I mean, lo-love experience.”<br/>
I don’t know if she noticed my cold gaze, but Elfi changed the conversation topic to me as if to flee.<br/>
Experience in love, huh?<br/>
“Well, it’s not like I never experienced it.”<br/>
My memory is so worn out that I barely remember it, but I remember falling for a classmate a few times on Earth.<br/>
I can’t remember their face or their name anymore though.<br/>
But it seems like a long time ago.<br/>
When was the last time I felt love or infatuation or anything like that?<br/>
The last time would probably be … thirty years ago.<br/>
……..Oh, I feel nauseous.<br/>
“Hmmm, that so.”<br/>
Elfi replied with a sloppy expression and a proper reply.<br/>
She’s asking for additional bread again.<br/>
“Hey, you’re the one who asked. What’s with that attitude?”<br/>
“Nothing?　Iori was a great romantic hero too, right?　I don’t feel anything, okay?”<br/>
“At least I was definitely not a great romantic hero.”<br/>
What’s with the headache-inducing nickname?<br/>
I’m done being a hero, I told you.<br/>
“………..”<br/>
“……….”<br/>
Mute.<br/>
She occasionally glances at me as she eats the bread that has been brought to her.<br/>
What the hell is going on in her head?<br/>
“……..kohon.” (TN: cough fx)<br/>
As if impatient with me and my dumbfounded expression, Elfi opened her mouth to mend things.<br/>
“Well, I saw a man and a woman traveling a long time ago. Seeing Leo and Kyrie made me think of these two.”<br/>
I see.<br/>
Elfi may have various circumstances.<br/>
It’s a good thing, but, the fact that she, a demon, can also like human beings, might be because of some past circumstances.(魔族でありながら人間びいきなのも、過去に何か事情があったからなのかもしれない)<br/>
“Well, I’m a woman of many loves.”<br/>
“Really?”<br/>
“Hmm. Not many are as good-looking and intelligent as I am. Many men have courted me.”<br/>
Even the demon race has a concept like being popular.<br/>
I thought that, for demons, as long as you’re strong you’ll be popular, or at least that’s what I thought.<br/>
“………”<br/>
As I was thinking about that, Elfi looked at me with a jittery look.<br/>
“Well, aren’t you going to ask for details?”<br/>
“Why?”<br/>
“… It’s nothing.”<br/>
…I don’t get what she wants.<br/>
I found out after the cleanup that Leo and Kyrie were to be made the flag bearers of the sub-human pandering faction. Apparently.<br/>
Some say that Leo is going to be the next captain of the second squad.<br/>
It seems that a lot of troubles arose from that night.<br/>
What will happen to the two of them?<br/>
When I mumbled that to myself.<br/>
“Still, I’m sure they’ll do well.”<br/>
Unlike usual, Elfi who said that looked impressive.(珍しく、そんな風に言ったエルフィが印象的だった。)<br/>
◆<br/>
We finished our meal and headed home.<br/>
Perhaps because of the rumors circulating about Marx’s case, the number of people on the street has decreased compared to a few days ago.<br/>
Even so, the streets were still crowded with people like us who had come from other places.<br/>
“I’m getting hungry from walking.”<br/>
“Just a few minutes ago, you were eating bread like an idiot.”<br/>
“Mu, I’m not stupid.”<br/>
We passed through a crowded street and went to a back alley.<br/>
This one was less crowded and more secluded.<br/>
It is said that many of those who were kidnapped disappeared in the back alleyway, so everyone must be avoiding the stone.<br/>
“……..Fu.”<br/>
I let out a small sigh as I walked away.<br/>
“Don’t keep looking at me, you piece of shit.”<br/>
I put my nails in the space in front of me.<br/>
A cracking sound resounded and the sensation of something shattering could be felt.<br/>
“–Ku. Haha, what is it? You’ve noticed.”<br/>
A hoarse, familiar voice.<br/>
Luzer’s annoying laughter echoed in the back alley.<br/>
But no one passing through the front of the house seemed to even hear the voice.<br/>
It was as if this very place was cut off from the world.<br/>
“‘I’ll take revenge on Marx and save the unfortunate people who were being held captive as well…’ Haha. That’s my hero indeed. How splendid. Not only did you take revenge, but you also took the trouble of protecting those crippled women.”<br/>
It’s probably the magic of farsightedness.<br/>
Considering he hadn’t left any evidence of it during his previous surveillance, he must have deliberately set it up to be noticed. I wonder why.<br/>
“The same happened with George and Lily, right?　They say you killed all the clones with overwhelming powerful mind magic and saved every single one of the children. I’ve been told that idiocy can only be cured through death, but it seems it didn’t work for you Hero Amatsu.”<br/>
I was warned, but Luzer continued to speak with a mocking smile.<br/>
“The demon there has it hard too right? You should know by know that it was because of this kind of hypocrisy that he got killed, I don’t think this little Hero-sama gets it, does he? Heh, getting swept up in all that stupid self-satisfaction of his must be so annoying, right?” (そこの魔族も大変だなァ？そういう偽善を振りかざしてたから殺されたってのが、この英雄サマはまーだ分かってねェみたいだぜ？くだらねえ自己満足に振り回されて、さぞ迷惑だろう？)<br/>
Elfi didn’t respond.<br/>
With her arms crossed, her magic eyes open, she remained silent, as if meaning he was not even worth the trouble of talking. (腕を組み、魔眼を開いたまま、会話する価値すらないと無言を保っている)<br/>
Barely audible, The sound of tongue clacking from the other side resounded. (TN: “tsk”)<br/>
“Ha… Well, it’s fine. I’m going to kill both of you anyway. Your stupid heroic story ends here.”<br/>
“Hey, Luzer.”<br/>
I interrupted his mocking and opened my mouth.<br/>
“You’re quite obsessed with heroes, aren’t you?”<br/>
“Ah….?”<br/>
Luzer’s sneer stopped.<br/>
“How many times do you have to say the word ‘hero’ to feel better?”<br/>
A few seconds pass, and then Luzer’s voice echoes again.<br/>
“You are the one who is obsessed with it. You still remember the stupid promise you made to Lucifina, don’t you?　You can’t help it.”<br/>
“Promise?　I forgot all about that. I’m just doing what I want to do.”<br/>
“Is this what you call playing the hero?”(それが、その英雄ごっこってのかよォ？)<br/>
“Again with ‘hero’? You’re persistent, Luzer. Did you become a bit of an idiot?”<br/>
“………..”<br/>
I’ve long since stopped being a hero or a brave man or anything like that.<br/>
How stupid.<br/>
“I get goosebumps when the word ‘hero’ comes out of the mouth of scum like you. Taking hostages, surprise attacks, revenge. You can only use other people’s lives from behind, so what kind of heroism are you trying to talk about?”<br/>
I’m having a hard time holding back my laughter, so stop it.<br/>
I’m laughing so hard I feel like I’m going to throw up.<br/>
“You’re the one who said on the journey that you were going to ‘fight for the people you care about’, right?　Your sister, was it?　What would your sister think if she saw you doing that? I’m pretty sure she wouldn’t even want to face you, rotten bastard.”<br/>
Then I remembered.<br/>
That ‘sister’ was just a lie to lull me into trusting him.<br/>
Lucifina and Dionysus had also prepared a beautiful lie as backstory.<br/>
It’s funny to remember what Dionysus said when he killed me.<br/>
I can’t wait to be able to laugh at the falsehoods of Dionysus and Lucifina too.<br/>
“That important person was a lie too, wasn’t it? When you think about it, there is no way a piece of shit like you would have fought for someone else. I’m sure I’d have understood it if I just thought about it. …. I’m disappointed in myself for not realizing it.”<br/>
–swish.<br/>
The next moment, any sign of Luzer disappeared from the back alley.<br/>
Instantly, the hustle and bustle of the front are transmitted to us.<br/>
“There’s no surveillance magic. It looks like he has completely cut off the connection to us.”<br/>
“What the fuck is he doing here?”<br/>
I thought he was going to make a lot of noise, with his gruff, grating voice.<br/>
“Oh well.”<br/>
I had a hunch.<br/>
I knew that he would come for me next.<br/>
And when he does, I will end it all.<br/>
I remember those joyful days.<br/>
Really, it was fun to travel with those guys.<br/>
Luzer made a lot of noise, Dionysus being dumbfounded, and Lucifina happily laughing.<br/>
It’s because those days are burned into my brain.<br/>
How much fun would it be to destroy everything in Luzer–<br/>
“Haha.”<br/>
I laughed as I looked up at the moon in the night sky.<br/>
EN: Edited by rialmTN: only one chap till end of volume yeet<br/>
Btw, I’ve been thinking about it for a while now but why would people in Japan (so should know how to read jp) visit some low-quality semi-random translations like the ones on this site ?<br/>
Precedent <br/>
 