[Sairin Yuusha no Fukushuu Hanashi v5c11](https://roartion.wordpress.com/sairin-yuusha-no-fukushuu-hanashi-2/sairin-yuusha-v5-c11/)
<br/><br/>
Not dead yet<br/>
(was supposed to be uploaded tuesday but Ria (the editor) went radio silence on discord)<br/>
raw<br/>
NOT EDITED read at your own risk<br/>
Episode 11 “The End of The Madness”<br/>
“Wha…?”<br/>
Standing in a puddle made of his own blood, Marx froze from what he saw.<br/>
It was the figure of a man who should have died in the trap.<br/>
The fact that Iori was standing in front of him meant that he had passed through that trap and broke through the nine-headed dragon type worm.<br/>
“What’s the matter?　You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”<br/>
“Gu. Ah………. what… How…. Impossible.”<br/>
Impossible, impossible.<br/>
That’s what Marx keeps repeating, but the pain in his severed limb is real.<br/>
Iori looking down at Marx, who is writhing in intense pain and smiling derisively, is not an illusion.<br/>
And to my horror, Iori was completely unharmed.<br/>
With that many traps, he hasn’t suffered the least wound.<br/>
“mon- monst..er…”<br/>
Marx’s instincts are screaming him to run.<br/>
It’s not like the fear of death he felt from Leo.<br/>
A concrete form of death was launghing in front him.<br/>
“Hiii.”<br/>
I must escape.<br/>
He crawled on the ground like a caterpillar, trying to run back the way he came from.<br/>
As soon as he turned around, he saw Leo standing at the entrance of his private room.<br/>
“Dis…Frenderr…”<br/>
It had been a mistake to run away, after all.<br/>
Leo had wounds all over his body, and there was no way he could beat Marx.<br/>
(If only I didn’t run away from that man, I wouldn’t be in this state…)<br/>
Yes, by the time Marx regretted it, it was too late.<br/>
“You can crawl like a worm, but there’s no way I’m letting you get away like that.”<br/>
“Ah, gahhhhhh!”<br/>
The next moment, a sword was thrust into the side of Marx, who was trying to escape.<br/>
The sensation of a cold foreign object entering his body made Marx scream out.<br/>
After looking down at Marx who was crying out in pain with a thin smile on his mouth, Iori glanced at the end of the corridor.<br/>
“Well I spent a little too much time on this. I didn’t expect Leo to be here first.”<br/>
“Bah, aaahhhhhh!”<br/>
Even while muttering, Iori continues to thrust and twist the blade into Marx’ body.<br/>
Marx screams out at the sensation of being stirred by the blade from the inside.<br/>
(This is bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad!)<br/>
The wounds he received from Leo and Kyrie.<br/>
And with his limbs slashed off, the power of the Amatsu implanted in his body has begun to run amok.<br/>
If this goes on, he will lose control of the worm inside his body and it will rampage.<br/>
All the flesh in his body will turn into worms and Marx will die.<br/>
“You know, this is a ridiculous ending!”<br/>
“……”<br/>
He turned what extra energy he had left over to the severed limb.<br/>
The wounds pulsed with a squishy pulse and swells up significantly.<br/>
Slamming the worm on both of his legs on the floor, Marx jumps backward.<br/>
“Guh!”<br/>
At that moment, the blade that had been stabbing him shredded his side, but he couldn’t afford to worry about it.<br/>
Next, in place of both lost arms, he sprouted a worm that was as big as one head of the nine-headed dragon.<br/>
“Ghosts!　Don’t get in my way now, ah!”<br/>
Two worms attacked Iori in an attempt to swallow him whole.<br/>
Iori who let his guard down the moment he cut his limbs won’t be able to dodge an from this close. (TN: 四肢を切断したと、伊織は完全に油断しているはず。 至近距離からの攻撃を、躱せる道理など――――、)<br/>
“Devil’s Eye: Heavy Compression.”<br/>
The two worms didn’t reach Iori, but were crushed under the magic along with a wet, unpleasant sound.<br/>
“Ah…..ha…?”<br/>
“Hmm. I checked carefully with my magical eye, but I didn’t find any kind of magical item.”<br/>
“Thank you. By the looks of it, it doesn’t seem he has any more trump.”<br/>
A girl appeared from behind Iori.<br/>
She has shiny silver hair that swings with magic and her eyes are dyed red.<br/>
The girl was told by Luzer that she was a demon.<br/>
“You… too… alive…”<br/>
“You can’t kill me, a former Demon King, with a simple trap like that.”<br/>
“former …. Demon King?”<br/>
I can’t understand what the demon race in front of me is saying.<br/>
A former demon king?<br/>
I’ve only heard from Luzer that she was a demon.<br/>
“What do you mean…..”<br/>
“I won’t be talking to any more of your vermin.”<br/>
“Nah….”<br/>
Marx is stunned, but Iori is approaching him.<br/>
“I want tobe done with it as soon as possible.”<br/>
“Haa…… Wait, wait………”<br/>
“I’ve waited long enough. You’ve been doing this for 30 years, haven’t you?”<br/>
Laughing, Iori comes closer with every step.<br/>
Ever since I met him, Iori has been smiling happily.<br/>
Despite his expression, I can’t feel any emotion in his eyes.<br/>
It’s not the eyes that look at a human being.<br/>
(Dying. I’m going to be killed. This me………?　Dying…?　(No way.)<br/>
“Ah…..”<br/>
My body is wriggling.<br/>
I’ve lost too much magic power.<br/>
There is no more time to spare.<br/>
“I’ll die………..”<br/>
I was finally assigned to the first squad.<br/>
I still dont’ have a woman.<br/>
I still have things I want to do.<br/>
And that’s what happens?! From the middle of nowhere, killed by a ghost from the past!?!<br/>
“I won’t accept it!　I’m not the kind of person to die in this place!　There’s no way I’m going to allow this to end like this!”<br/>
Marx’s abdomen wriggled and rose greatly.<br/>
What appeared was a worm’s oral cavity, with countless fangs growing out of it.<br/>
“Aaaaaa!　Let me eat it! Feed me! Feed me! Feed!! Me!!!”<br/>
The mouth cavity opens wide and releases its power.<br/>
The ultimate power given to me by George and Lily.<br/>
“My heroic power!　The power of heroes cannot be defeated by ghosts!　You guys just need to be my food!”<br/>
“–【Hero Reproduction】”<br/>
Iori’s mutters can’t reach Marx ears anymore.<br/>
I’ll just squeeze out all the magic power out of these guys and kill them.<br/>
　With these guys’ magic power and flesh, even after completely healing the damage I’ve received, I’ll still be able to change back.<br/>
“Mental magic [usurpationn]!”<br/>
The wide open oral cavity of the mouth eats Iori’s magical power.<br/>
It’s now just a matter of time before you’ll be able to get a good idea of what’s happening.<br/>
Iori can’t do anything about it, and is still being sucked of his magic power.<br/>
“Hahahahahaha!　What do you think?　Ah!　This is my power!”<br/>
While absorbing every ounce of magic he can, Marx sneers at him.<br/>
If I take away this much magic, even if it’s the ghost of a hero, it’ll dry up and then…<br/>
“Is that it?”<br/>
–nothing.<br/>
Iori, covered in magical power that must be dozens of times larger than the amount Marx had taken away, was standing there with an unconcerned expression on his face.<br/>
“Ha, nah, mental image, magic…?”<br/>
At the same time as Marx muttered in dismay about the identity of the magic power Iori is using.<br/>
“Well then, I’ll have to give it back.” — “Mental magic [usurpation]”<br/>
At that moment, Marx’s vision covered in darkness.<br/>
His body temperature dropped and a freezing chill ran through his entire body.<br/>
The moment his vision returned to normal, the magic power had been stripped from Marx’s body by the roots.<br/>
“Ko, ka……..”<br/>
The worms on both legs and the oral cavity he had created in his abdomen were falling to pieces.<br/>
The sense of depletion from being deprived of magic power makes it impossible to even move my body.<br/>
(Wha……..what is this…. This is mental magic [usurpation]? he casted the same magic?)<br/>
Marx and Iori’s usurpation can’t be compared to each other.<br/>
Iori, with a cold expression, looks down at Marx.<br/>
“Damn it…….I…….still ah…….”<br/>
In the middle of corridor, Marx was crawling to escape.<br/>
Why does it has to happen to me?<br/>
It’s weird, it’s wrong.<br/>
This is all Leo and Kyrie’s fault.<br/>
“I’m going to kill them… I’m going to kill you in a million pieces………!　That bitch should be raped to death……..”<br/>
“You still have plenty of time ahead of you.”<br/>
In front of the scorning Marx whose consciousness began to slip out, Iori slowly lifted up one of his leg.<br/>
“I’m sorry to break your joyful fantasies of killing and raping, but do you think you still have time for that ?”<br/>
The lifted leg moved over Marx’s groin area.<br/>
Even with his mind fuzzy from the pain, he could understand what Iori was trying to do.<br/>
With blood draining from his face, Marx shouts.<br/>
“O..Hey!”<br/>
“Don’t worry. It’s an unnecessary organ.”<br/>
“Wait…. wait, wait, wa–“<br/>
There was a cracking sound.<br/>
A stunned sound like an egg being crushed.<br/>
“Ew.”<br/>
Marx’s face turned green and his vision flipped over.<br/>
Marx’s consciousness darkened, while foaming along with vomit.<br/>
◆<br/>
In the basement of the mansion, there were all the necessary equipment for capturing and playing with sub-humans.<br/>
Like the Colosseum, there is also a space where you can enjoy watching the battle between sub-humans while looking down on them from a high place.<br/>
There lies Marx, still unconscious with white eyes.<br/>
Elfi and I are watching from the audience.<br/>
Really, what disgusting taste. Torturing people with potions<br/>
Looking at the Colosseum-shaped room, Elfi spat that out.<br/>
All the sub-humans who were made to fight here must have been kidnapped and brought here.<br/>
And then they were treated like a spectacle in this kind of basement, starting with the sexual treatment.<br/>
“So he’s going to be done the same things. I’m going to let him experience himself what he has been doing.”<br/>
While talking about it, there was a movement below.<br/>
“Ga..ah, ow.”<br/>
Marcus, who had passed out, woke up moaning.<br/>
Then he immediately felt the pain in his crushed groin and cried out loudly.<br/>
He was breathing shallowly like a dog, with repeated small groanings, feeling like he was going to vomit again and again.<br/>
Looking down at such a ridiculous figure, I called out to Marx.<br/>
“Are you awake?”<br/>
“………?”<br/>
When I call out to him, Marx, whose face has turned pale from the intense pain, turns his gaze to look at me.　<br/>
“Wha………what are you going to……..do to me……..”<br/>
Marx asked, looking terribly frightened.<br/>
“Don’t worry. We won’t do anything to you.”<br/>
“…What?”<br/>
It wasn’t long before Marx tried to ask back.<br/>
“Gah!　Ah………gahhhh!”<br/>
A gurgling, damp sound echoed through the Colosseum.<br/>
Changes were coming to Marcus’ body as he quivered around on the ground like a caterpillar.<br/>
Flesh all over Marx’s body wriggled about and countless worms grew through his skin.<br/>
Unlike when he was making them himself, Marx seemed to be in extreme pain as the worms grew arbitrarily.<br/>
That body is probably part of George and the others’ research.<br/>
Using the homunculus technology, they probably transplanted samples of my magic power and the cells of several demons into his body.<br/>
Enbling the use of a pseudo usurpation magic skill.<br/>
That’s about it.<br/>
Considering the fact that Olga and the others were completed, Marx is a failure.<br/>
In addition to only being able to use a limited amount of power, his output is not even close to that of the real thing.<br/>
Furthermore, if the person himself is severely damaged and loses a large portion of his magic power, he will go out of control like that.<br/>
It can only be described as a useless and failed product.<br/>
“No good… Gotta.. Contain….”<br/>
The color of Marx’s skin was slowly discoloring.<br/>
If left unchecked, Marx would have turned into a big worm in a few minutes.<br/>
–Of course, that would be boring on its own.<br/>
The worms that had sprung up all leaned on their sickle necks at once.<br/>
The circular mouths, with fangs peeking out, are pointed at Marcus.<br/>
“Ga………. ……..ah?”<br/>
Immediately after – the worms began to bite at Marx all at once.<br/>
“Gee, ahhhhh!”<br/>
A series of buzzing sounds of flesh being bitten off.<br/>
The worms, at their discretion, devoured Marx’s flesh and shed his blood.<br/>
“What, what!?<br/>
Marx, who was being devoured by the worm, didn’t seem to be able to keep up with the situation.<br/>
“I told you.　We’re not going to hurt you. We’re done with the preparations since long ago.”<br/>
At my words, Marx huffs up.<br/>
“What… Don’t tell me you’ve…”<br/>
From my pocket, I took an empty bottle and showed it to Marx.<br/>
One of the illegal drugs in storage.<br/>
It’s a ‘starvation drug’ that induces an intense feeling of hunger and appetite to the person who consumes it.<br/>
“I drugged you while you were sleeping. Your worms must be hungry.”<br/>
“Wha…?”<br/>
“But no one is here except you. There’s nothing to eat.”<br/>
“—“<br/>
Plastered despair on his face, Marx’s eyes widen.<br/>
“Then what are the worms supposed to eat? With a little thought, you’ll find out, won’t you?”<br/>
“Ahhhhhhhhhh….”<br/>
Marx’s scream echoes through the room.<br/>
Yes, I don’t have to do anything.<br/>
“-you’ll just end up being eaten to death on your own.”<br/>
Even while the worm are devouring his entire body, Marx who has no limbs, is unable to resist.<br/>
All he can do is cry out and squirm around like a worm.<br/>
Oh, no.<br/>
There was one thing I could do.<br/>
It’s about time the drug started to take effect on Marx.<br/>
“Those worms are eating you because they’re hungry. That’s why you, the main body, should just get your fill.”<br/>
“Hee……………..”<br/>
“I mean, you can eat the worms, too.”<br/>
In response to my kind advice, Marx exclaimed, “Don’t fuck with me!”<br/>
It didn’t look like he would eat them.<br/>
I didn’t know he could still afford to say that while being devoured by the worms.<br/>
Marx refused, but it would be too easy to just get eaten by the worms and die.<br/>
I’m not going to let him off that easily.<br/>
So I showed the empty bottle to Marx again and said.<br/>
I showed him the empty bottle and said, “It’s okay, I didn’t give the ‘starvation potion’ to the worms just to feed you to them.”<br/>
“Ahhhhhh!”<br/>
At my words, Marx’s face changed from pale to earthy brown.<br/>
◆<br/>
“Hah… gafu, ga”<br/>
Then, a few minutes later.<br/>
There was the figure of Marx, who was himself eating a worm while the worms were eating his body.<br/>
“Fuu… Fuguuu”<br/>
The sound of gurgling and chewing echoes through the air.<br/>
With tears streaming down his face and spitting up the green liquid over and over again, Marx continues to eat the worm incessantly.<br/>
Marx himself must be suffering from an unbearable hunger at the moment.<br/>
But the worm were eating faster than Marx.<br/>
By the time Marx finished eating the fourth worm, the worms had shaved off enough flesh to expose Marx’s bones.<br/>
“Gahhhh!　Fuuuuuuuuuuut!”<br/>
“What’s the matter? You’ll get eaten alive if you don’t do something about it.”<br/>
“Please…”<br/>
Marx pleads me as he spits out a piece of meat.<br/>
“No more,no more… hurt, hurt, please, no more!”<br/>
Because of the intense pain, the speed at which Marx ate slowed down.<br/>
It’s about time.<br/>
“I’m sorry– please he-lp me!”<br/>
“Oh, there are some good ones. This will cure your wound.”<br/>
Then I took some bottles out of the pouch.<br/>
There is a blood-red liquid in them.<br/>
Naturally, this is also the drug I took along with the “starvation pills”.<br/>
“Hurry!　Hayagudazuge oooh!”<br/>
I opened the bottle and sprinkled the red liquid over Marx who was writhing below.<br/>
As the liquid soaked into Marx’s wounded flesh, the flesh regenerated in an instant.<br/>
The sensation of the wound healing made Marx feel at ease, if only for a moment.<br/>
Immediately afterwards, the worm bit into the healed wounds again.<br/>
“Ah, aaaaahhhhhh!”<br/>
At that moment, a scream incomparable to the ones before rang out.<br/>
“Ahhhhhh?　Why, what is that?!”<br/>
He rolled around on the ground and the healed part rubbed against the floor.<br/>
With that alone, Marx vomited from the intense pain.<br/>
His eyes went white, he was jittery, convulsed and lost consciousness.<br/>
And soon, the worm eats his flesh, waking him up screaming in pain.<br/>
“No way, no way!　That, That’s the!　god’s drop?”<br/>
“That’s right.”<br/>
The red liquid I poured on Marx.<br/>
It’s a drug called “God’s Drop”, the same as the one used for demi-human females.<br/>
While capable of healing any wound, this drug has some side effects.<br/>
One of them is the sensitization of the nerves.<br/>
Marcus’ nerves are so acute now that even the slightest splash of water can cause him to faint.<br/>
I wonder how much pain it would cause him if his flesh was shred while in such a state?<br/>
“Abu……Baba, Baba”<br/>
Again, Marx passes out with with foam coming from his mouth.<br/>
Marx would blow bubbles and faint, but the worm would soon bite off his flesh and wake him up from the extreme pain.<br/>
Repeating this over and over again, crying out in pain, Marx began to eat the worm again.<br/>
‘Aagh!　Stop!　No more! ahh!.”<br/>
But soon Marcus began to cry.<br/>
“I’m sorry…!　I’m sorry!　Sorry!”<br/>
I was mute watching Marx pleading desperately.<br/>
“Ka, I wanted money!　George and the others proposed me a lot of money to steal the magic items that was supposed to reach Amatsu. It was an accident!”<br/>
In the same state than that of a caterpillar, Marx rubs his head on the ground as if he is on his knees.<br/>
“But… Giiiii. Ah, ah, the money I got from those days, I’ll pay you back several times over!　I’ll give any kind of magic item!　We’ll release any sub-humans we caught, and if you want, we’ll be sub-human pandering!　If I can get my hands on them, I can make sure those sub-humans in the city get better treatment!　Heh, peacefully……..we can do it!”<br/>
He’s desperately trying to figure out what to say to get me to help him.<br/>
‘I can do peace’, I see.<br/>
That’s a tempting offer for to ‘Hero Amatsu’.<br/>
“If I cut down every worms off entirely, you might survive.”<br/>
Marx’s face lit up.<br/>
“If you use an ordinary potion, the wound will be able to heal.” The “starvation potion” would wear off after enduring it for a while, and the “God’s Drop” could be used at least once. There shouldn’t be any lasting effects.<br/>
“th-then…”<br/>
Marx has a look of anticipation on his face.<br/>
I throw God’s Drop at its head.<br/>
The wound heals in the blink of an eye, and then the worms eat Marx’s flesh again.<br/>
“Gogaaaaaaaahhhh?”<br/>
“There’s no way I’m going to help you.”<br/>
How can someone who has turned so much malice on us and tried to kill us think that we would help him?<br/>
Really, I don’t understand.<br/>
“I am here for revenge. You know what revenge is, don’t you?　It’s just like you said yourself earlier. You betrayed me for your own good.”<br/>
“Be-betrayed!? ye-yeah I did stole the magic items, bu-but only one!! No more! I-I didn’t do anything to deserve this!”<br/>
That’s the most hilarious thing I’ve ever heard.<br/>
“‘Substitution amulet’ and ‘God’s protection’.”<br/>
Had these magic items arrived in my hand, the results would have changed at that time.<br/>
“Have you not done anything that would have brought you to this point?　I did, and you did. You put my death in the balance for your own greed. That’s all that matters. It doesn’t matter if you had a direct hand in it or not.”<br/>
Without a single omission, without any compromise.<br/>
Because I swore an oath to take revenge on you guys.<br/>
“G………gaaaaaaaaaah!　But………oh, it’s too much!　And yet you’re a hero!”<br/>
“Don’t you know that?　”Hero Amatsu” is dead. You see, you guys killed him. The ones here are just ghosts that have come back to take revenge on you.”<br/>
“Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh no!　I don’t want to die, I don’t want to die, I don’t want to eat anymore!”<br/>
Like a spoiled child, Marx yells out.<br/>
“Forgive me, forgive me!　Please, let me loose!”<br/>
The reply to those words is simple.<br/>
“I’ll decide wether to forgive you or not.”<br/>
I laughed at Marcus who couldn’t bear it anymore and said, “I’ll never forgive you.”<br/>
The look on Marx’s face as I told him this.<br/>
Intense pain, hunger, fear of death, despair at the betrayal of hope.<br/>
The look of deep regret for his actions, knowing that his death is inevitable.<br/>
How I wish you hadn’t done that.<br/>
I’m taking my revenge to see you guys cry out and apologize from the bottom of your heart.<br/>
“Someone!　Someone help!　Anybody, please!”<br/>
He’s given up on asking me for help.<br/>
Marcus started asking for help from someone else.<br/>
“Who’s not here?　Luzer!　Lord Luzer!　Ahhhhhh, Kyrie!　I don’t care if it’s Disfrender!　Whoaaaaaaaaaah!”<br/>
No help is on the way.<br/>
I took care of most of his men, and I stunned most of the rest of them and rolled them over.<br/>
Luzer is not the kind of man who comes to aid.<br/>
When it comes to Kyrie and Leo, I can’t help but laugh at the nerve of being able to ask those two for help.<br/>
He cried out realising nobody was going to help.<br/>
“Mea……..!　I’ve got to eat. Meat, meat, meat. Ahhhhhhh.”　<br/>
Along with a crunching sound, Marx ate the worms regardless of what he said.<br/>
Bite, bite, bite, bite, bite, bite, bite, bite, bite, bite, bite.<br/>
“Bu, ah … gahhhh!”<br/>
No matter how much he eats, it won’t cure Marx’s hunger.<br/>
I’ve given him enough starvation potion to get him through it.<br/>
“geh… oh.”<br/>
Then Marx continued to eat.<br/>
Every time he couldn’t move anymore, the god’s drops would heal his body and he would begin to eat again.　<br/>
Perhaps because he ate an amount of worms,amount that exceeded his limit, Marx’s abdomen was ripped open and worm flesh was protruding from inside.<br/>
“Hagh … ugh … huff, huff, huff.”<br/>
Still, Marx won’t stop eating.　<br/>
He can’t stop.<br/>
So when Marx starts to get weak again, I pour a God’s drop on him.<br/>
“Ahhhhh.”<br/>
“Don’t worry about it. There’s still plenty of God’s drops to go around.”<br/>
When I smiled at him, Marx began to scream loudly.<br/>
“Ah……… Ahhhhhh!　No! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa–!”<br/>
And again.<br/>
Only the squishy, chewing sound continued to resound in the room.<br/>
◆<br/>
A few minutes later.<br/>
The chewing sounds had already stopped.<br/>
I could no longer hear Marx’s screams.<br/>
The only sound that could be heard was the sound of something thrashing around.<br/>
“………”<br/>
Only a large amount of blood remains where Marx had been.<br/>
That man was nowhere to be found.<br/>
All that was left were the last surviving worm.<br/>
I got down under the spectators seats, I looked down at the worms.<br/>
The last worms shuddered like a fish washed ashore.<br/>
I lifted my jade sword and swung it.<br/>
“—-Geez.”<br/>
A small demise.<br/>
It was severed, and the worm died.<br/>
Seeing that, I couldn’t help but mutter.<br/>
“–disgusting.”<br/>
 