<br/><br/>
seikou-ku –> where the captain reside == holy light district<br/><br/>
changes will be made to the previous chapters. sry ’bout that ~~<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
raw<br/><br/>
Relationships and Comtemplation<br/><br/>
St. Peter’s Land, Holy City Schmerz.<br/><br/>
The city where the “Holy Light God” once taught and guided the people.<br/><br/>
It is also said to be the site of the decisive battle in which the ‘Holy light god’ Melt fought off the forces of Heredia, the Fallen God, who came from the mountain.<br/><br/>
Nowadays, Schmerz is the capital of the religion adoring Melt.<br/><br/>
Protected on all sides by the Great Sacred Gates, Schmerz is very large.<br/><br/>
As such, it is divided into several sections.<br/><br/>
The most important one being the ‘holy light district’.<br/><br/>
The Order of the Sacred Knights was formed to help the suffering people, protect the weak and to spread it’s beliefs throughout the world.<br/><br/>
The four squad of sacred knight reside in the ‘holy light district’.<br/><br/>
It also worships the ‘Holy Light God’ Melt and exists to spread its teachings throughout the world.<br/><br/>
The stronghold of the Melt cult, which has considerable power in the Holy country, also exists within this ‘Holy Light District’.<br/><br/>
Naturally, the two organizations are closely intertwined.<br/><br/>
It is not uncommon for a political marriage to take place in order to consolidate one’s position between the Melt cult and the Sacred Knights.<br/><br/>
Leo William Disfrender’s childhood friend–Kyrie Ursula Avern.<br/><br/>
The engagement she has with Marx is also a political marriage to consolidate her position.<br/><br/>
The cult of Melt is there to spread God’s teachings to the world, but in fact, the whole corporation is corrupt.<br/><br/>
They use God’s name as a shield to enrich themselves and disobey God’s teachings in order to climb in position.<br/><br/>
There was a growing number of such people.<br/><br/>
Kirie’s parents are part of the Cult of the Melts.<br/><br/>
Their daughter, Kyrie herself, belongs to the cult of Melt.<br/><br/>
There once was a time during which Kyrie’s parents’ position inside the cult was terribly fragile.<br/><br/>
Her family wasn’t particularly outstanding, with no backing, and in the middle of a factional strife. At this point, they were just waiting to be crushed.<br/><br/>
However, that changed drastically with the birth of Kyrie.<br/><br/>
It is said that the “Holy Light God” Melt used a mysterious kind of magic in the past.<br/><br/>
It’s called “Sacred Magic” in religious countries.<br/><br/>
A lost magic,nor reproducible nor imitable, capable of granting any grace and making any miracle come true.This is the nature of the Sacred Magic.<br/><br/>
When she was ten years old, she suddenly succeeded in using Sacred Magic.<br/><br/>
Inside the temple, she succesfully used magic which’s effects were similar to a miracle.<br/><br/>
From then on, Kyrie’s parents’ position in the cult rose quickly.<br/><br/>
It’s probably a lower level of power in the cult of Melt currently.<br/><br/>
However, there is no limit to human greed.<br/><br/>
Kyrie’s parents, craving for more fame and authority, arranged a political marriage for their daughter.<br/><br/>
The other party is Marx Pietro Sandalphon, Captain of the Second Squadron of the Knights of the Cathedral.<br/><br/>
This is an ordinary story.<br/><br/>
A political marriage that is not particularly uncommon.<br/><br/>
Within the Order, people who end up marrying the person they love are actually the few ones.<br/><br/>
However, there is a man who is in love with his childhood friend.<br/><br/>
That’s all there is to it.<br/><br/>
◆<br/><br/>
After leaving Marx’s private room, Leo heads to his childhood friend’s house.<br/><br/>
“Why didn’t you tell me anything?”<br/><br/>
In an accusatory tone, he threw those words at his childhood friend currently sitting at the other end of the desk.<br/><br/>
A woman of Leo’s age, with long indigo hair tied up in a .<br/><br/>
Her skin only lightly apparent is as transparent as snow on a delicate body that seems so weak it could be broken in a hug, were it too strong.<br/><br/>
Kyrie Ursula Avern.<br/><br/>
Leo’s childhood friend, who is said to be engaged to the captain, Marx.<br/><br/>
She is currently a member of the Melt Order, and one of the very few users of ‘Sacred Magic’.<br/><br/>
They met when they were young and have been walking in the same direction ever since.<br/><br/>
Leo knew she was aware of the engagement proposal.<br/><br/>
But it came as a shock that she didn’t consult him.<br/><br/>
“Sir. Leo. I mean… I…”<br/><br/>
Kyrie dropped her gaze to her desk with a dark expression on her face, looking for her words.<br/><br/>
Without waiting, Leo continued to talk in a rapid fashion.<br/><br/>
“Are you sure you’re going to marry Captain Marx?　He belongs to a human supremacist faction. I know you would prefer to help the subhumans.”<br/><br/>
“…yeah.”<br/><br/>
“If you marry the captain, you’ll be forced to join the his faction.”<br/><br/>
Kyrie’s parents belong to an anti-subhuman faction.<br/><br/>
Until now, Kirie has used her ability to use ‘Sacred Magic’ as a shield to avoid being used by her parent’s faction.<br/><br/>
However, she won’t be able to do it she get married.<br/><br/>
“Yeah…I know.”<br/><br/>
“Then…!”<br/><br/>
“Still, I’ve already made up my mind.”<br/><br/>
The words were strained, but determined.<br/><br/>
Leo knows.<br/><br/>
When she has this kind of attitude, Kyrie won’t change her mind.<br/><br/>
“Why…..　Is it to consolidate your parents’ position in the cult…?”<br/><br/>
“There’s that too. But it’s also for Leo-kun’s sake.”<br/><br/>
“For my sake …?”<br/><br/>
Kyrie said so while looking at Leo.<br/><br/>
At Kyrie’s words, Leo closes his mouth involuntarily.<br/><br/>
Nodding, Kyrie’s hair swayed in a small way.<br/><br/>
“If my position is higher, I can help Leo with a lot of things and then you can get closer to his dream, right?”<br/><br/>
“My dream…”<br/><br/>
“Yeah. I told you, I’m rooting for your dream, Leo!”<br/><br/>
Kyrie said so in a fast-talking manner and smiled cheerfully.<br/><br/>
It’s true that she’s genuinely rooting for Leo’s dream, but Kyrie’s eyes aren’t looking at Leo right now.<br/><br/>
“Yeah. You are finally second-in-command, after all. You’re one step closer. So I wanted to help you with that dream–”<br/><br/>
“..”<br/><br/>
With a thud, the desk shook with a loud bang.<br/><br/>
Kyrie squirmed and looked at Leo, who slammed his fist into the desk.<br/><br/>
“Leo, you…”<br/><br/>
“What’s in it for me, without consulting me? When did I ever ask you to do that?”<br/><br/>
“T-They didn’t ask me to, but I promised you. I’m rooting for Leo. So I…..”<br/><br/>
“Forget it.” Leo said as he stood up from his seat.<br/><br/>
The blood rushed to his head.<br/><br/>
Any further conversation would only hurt both of them.<br/><br/>
“Leo–!”<br/><br/>
Ignoring Kyrie’s call, Leo left the house.<br/><br/>
Stepping outside, Leo exhales.<br/><br/>
Leo looked up at the sky as he take off the ring he had been fitted with and clutched it tightly.<br/><br/>
“…for your sake. I …,I am…”<br/><br/>
◆<br/><br/>
It was the day after I watched the exchange between Leo and Marx from the attic.<br/><br/>
We were once again sneaking into the second squadron’s quarters.<br/><br/>
Because this is the dormitory of the sacred knights, there are many knights who are on guard, not to mention the magical scout.<br/><br/>
On the way to Marx’s private chamber, we gather information about the type of magic put in place and the number of people on watch.<br/><br/>
With Elfie’s magical eye and my usurpation of magic, I was able to grasp the magic of the inn in no time.<br/><br/>
As for the knights shifts and round paths, there were too many to gather the information in just two days.<br/><br/>
Two more days and we’ll have a full grasp on it.<br/><br/>
I may make it sound easy but it’s actually pretty tough.<br/><br/>
It took me quite a while to sneak in on the first day.<br/><br/>
When it comes to the temple of the Cult of Melt, there must be several times more security than this.<br/><br/>
I wish I won’t have to sneak in there.<br/><br/>
“Hmmm… So that means that the labyrinth clearing will be postponed for a few days.”<br/><br/>
Now we were watching the conversation between Marx and the other knights from the attic.<br/><br/>
They are talking about the destruction of the labyrinth that Kyokoku had planned.<br/><br/>
“Is the labyrinth’s capture postponed?”<br/><br/>
“I heard it’s because of what happened with Lily and the others.”<br/><br/>
I whispered in answear to Elfi’s muttering.<br/><br/>
As other countries have succeeded in conquering the labyrinths one after another, the kingdom is getting impatient.<br/><br/>
That’s why it wants to gather his forces in this city and capture the labyrinth.<br/><br/>
The weapons and armors from the armory I went to before were all sold, probably in preparation for a labyrinth-clearing operation.<br/><br/>
Then, because of the incident at the orphanage, they had to capture Lily’s group as soon as possible.<br/><br/>
The second squadron was in a hurry to search, and now the third squadron seems to be cooperating with them.<br/><br/>
“Wasn’t the order composed of four squads?”<br/><br/>
Nodding at Elfi’s question, I lightly explained the composition of the Order of the sacred Knights.<br/><br/>
The first squad protecting the temple of the cult of Melt.<br/><br/>
The second squad guarding the capital.<br/><br/>
And the third and fourth squads protecting the whole country.<br/><br/>
The Order of the sacred knights consists of these four squads.<br/><br/>
“I see. So it’s the third or fourth squad that I fought decades ago.”<br/><br/>
“Yeah, maybe.”<br/><br/>
“They said, ‘Let us destroy the enemy of God!’ like mad men, they were really frightening” she said with a face lightly marked by fear.<br/><br/>
Elfie shivered as if she remembered something.<br/><br/>
“I don’t know how it is now, but there used to be a lot of people who really believed in it.”<br/><br/>
“There were so many knights prepared to give up their lives in a suicide attack.”<br/><br/>
It seems that the labyrinth’s destruction will be carried out mainly by the third squad, which is said to have the most experience in fighting demons.<br/><br/>
Since the third squad is looking for Lily and the others, it is only natural that the clearance of the labyrinth has been delayed.<br/><br/>
In order to keep up with the other nations, they would use their full strength to clear the labyrinth of the kingdom.<br/><br/>
                        Thank you for submitting the report!<br/><br/>
                    <br/><br/>
Seen ad many times<br/><br/>
Not relevant<br/><br/>
Offensive<br/><br/>
Covers content<br/><br/>
Broken<br/><br/>
Report this adThe time and the number of people it takes to mobilize is in an a whole different order of magnitude from the time it takes to recruit adventurers to take down a labyrinth.<br/><br/>
If the knights are ready to make sacrifices, the Kingdom may be able to capture the labyrinth.<br/><br/>
“Hmmm. It’s going to be tough to outsmart those knights. It would be quicker if we went on our own.”<br/><br/>
Elfie nodded as she ate an apple pie.<br/><br/>
I thought about using the holy knights to clear out the labyrinth, but considering the number of people mobilized, it would take a lot of time and effort.<br/><br/>
As Elfie says, it would be easier if the two of us went for it.<br/><br/>
“Humuumu.”<br/><br/>
She takes out one apple pie after the other and send them to her mouth,Elfi cheerfully chewed on them.<br/><br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/><br/>
                        Thank you for submitting the report!<br/><br/>
                    <br/><br/>
Seen ad many times<br/><br/>
Not relevant<br/><br/>
Offensive<br/><br/>
Covers content<br/><br/>
Broken<br/><br/>
Report this adGood grief, she’s way too relaxed …<br/><br/>
“Hmm. There’s someone coming again.”<br/><br/>
While I was amazed by Elfi’s exuberance,A visitor entered Marx’s room.<br/><br/>
A woman with indigo hair walks into the room by herself.<br/><br/>
From the way she’s dressed, she must be a member of the Cult of Melt.<br/><br/>
“I’m glad you’re here, Kyrie.”<br/><br/>
With a disgusting grin on his greasy face, Marx tells the woman to sit on the couch.<br/><br/>
The woman followed suit with an impassive expression.<br/><br/>
“Kyrie. Thank you for officially accepting my engagement proposal.”<br/><br/>
“…yes.”<br/><br/>
Engagement …<br/><br/>
You mean the one she is the one he was talking about with Leo yesterday.<br/><br/>
“I’m sure Mr. Disfrender will be very pleased.”<br/><br/>
“….”<br/><br/>
His tone is tinted with a hint of joy, and Marx doesn’t even try to hide it.<br/><br/>
The other woman seemed to be aware of it too, but she stayed put and didn’t say anything.<br/><br/>
“It hasn’t been officially announced yet, but it’s been decided that I’ll be going to the first squadron soon. With the recommendation of the Order’s top officials, I’ll be the captain of the first squad.”<br/><br/>
The First Squad the guardians of the temple.<br/><br/>
Unlike other corps, the first corps is less dangerous and is also involved with the deepest parts of the cult.<br/><br/>
It is said that there is no difference in the status of each squad, but in fact, the top of the sacred knights is probably the first squad.<br/><br/>
“Then we will be able to participate in the council meetings that take place in the temple.”<br/><br/>
“Well, yes.”<br/><br/>
“I’m going to be able to decide the advancement of the knights to a certain extent on my end as well. For example, we could promote the second-in-command of the second squad to captain… or we could transfer him to the second-in-command of the third squad.”<br/><br/>
The woman winced at Marx’s words.<br/><br/>
…oh.<br/><br/>
So it was like that huh.<br/><br/>
“On the contrary, I suppose it would be possible to get him eventually discharged if I spread a story about how ‘he is a scumbag without chivalry’.”<br/><br/>
“Yes… I know that.”<br/><br/>
“Mr. Disfrender has some noble goals, doesn’t he?To become the captain of the Second Company, right? Well, I’m impressed. He’s still young, but he’s only one step short of his goal.”<br/><br/>
Marx stands up and takes a seat next to the woman.<br/><br/>
And crawl his fingers on her shoulder.<br/><br/>
“For his dream to fail because of something this trivial, this would be a shame wouldn’t it, kyrie ?”<br/><br/>
“Yes…”<br/><br/>
Marx put his face close to the woman’s ear and said under his breath.<br/><br/>
“Come to my place tonight when you’re done with your work.”<br/><br/>
‘I believe you understand what I mean.’<br/><br/>
After whispering so in her ear, he made her leave the room.<br/><br/>
“Now that it comes to it, I will have to make preparations. …in various ways.”<br/><br/>
Marx’s murmur echoes through the empty room as a nasty grin appears on his face.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
I don’t know about you but i feel like there isn’t enough elfi at all in these chapters, if it goes on i may do some big edit on the few sentence she get because she definitely deserves more love<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
Previous<br/><br/>
Next<br/><br/>
 Advertisements<br/><br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/><br/>
                        Thank you for submitting the report!<br/><br/>
                    <br/><br/>
Seen ad many times<br/><br/>
Not relevant<br/><br/>
Offensive<br/><br/>
Covers content<br/><br/>
Broken<br/><br/>
Report this AdAdvertisements<br/><br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/><br/>
                        Thank you for submitting the report!<br/><br/>
                    <br/><br/>
Seen ad many times<br/><br/>
Not relevant<br/><br/>
Offensive<br/><br/>
Covers content<br/><br/>
Broken<br/><br/>
Report this Ad<br/><br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 