[Sairin Yuusha no Fukushuu Hanashi v5c8](https://roartion.wordpress.com/sairin-yuusha-v5-c8/)
<br/><br/>
Not much to say so Enjoy Guys!<br/>
rho<br/>
Episode 8 “The Avenger sharpening his claws”<br/>
It was shortly after I started fighting the Demon King Army as ‘Hero Amatsu’.<br/>
While progressing towards the stronghold of the demon king’s army with the kingdom’s army, we were suddenly attacked.<br/>
Making use of their surprise factor, they were able to push me off the cliff down to a deep valley.<br/>
One of the Four Heavenly Kings of the Demon King’s Army, Sen-Hen, had deployed a barrier making it impossible to use magic inside.<br/>
Resulting in my helpless fall.<br/>
“Lord Amatsu!”<br/>
“Damn… if only I could use magic!”<br/>
The mages and knights around me stiffened, unable to intervene in my unexpected fall.<br/>
Of course.<br/>
Just like me, they can’t use any magic.<br/>
“Ugh………………..”<br/>
I can’t even use body enhancement magic.<br/>
No matter how much power I have received from the Mark of the Brave, if I fall from this height, I will still die.<br/>
If I hit the ground hard, I’ll just get crushed to death.<br/>
“Why… Why does it has to be like this…”<br/>
A miserable and pitiful end…<br/>
My consciousness began to slip away along with the feeling of my innards floating around.<br/>
In the midst of all this, I heard the voice of Luzer.<br/>
“Hey!”<br/>
When I looked up, I saw Luzer right above me.<br/>
He jumped off the cliff and came after me.<br/>
“You idiot!　Don’t you dare stand there!”<br/>
Luzer screamed, and as he did, he grabbed my arm with his rough hand.<br/>
The next instant, he waved his staff and a whirlwind appeared, enveloping both our bodies.<br/>
In the blink of an eye, the speed of the fall slowed, and we landed on the ground safely.<br/>
“Hey, don’t you dare get carried away, Amastsu.”<br/>
“Sorry, Luzer. You saved me there. Thanks.<br/>
“Tsk. I can’t have you dying in a place like this …not like this.”<br/>
I smile at Luzer who tells me that as he throws me away, then moves through the valley.<br/>
We have to join up with Lucifina and the others as soon as possible.<br/>
Luzer uses magic to burn away the large number of demons in the valley.<br/>
“Hey, Luzer. How come you can use magic in this barrier?”<br/>
I asked Luzer as we walked.<br/>
Just like the wind magic he used during our fall earlier, Luzer seemed to have no problem to use magic even in this trap.<br/>
The other sorcerers and knights didn’t look like they could use magic at all, though.<br/>
“…this valley is filled with the [Barrier of a Thousand Transfigurations]. There’s no way to break a barrier of this magnitude. So I punch it to tear a small part of the barrier.”<br/>
Saying that Luzer thrust out his arm and waved it to make a slash right in front of him.<br/>
Upon close inspection, I could see that the space he just slashed was no longer bound by the barrier.<br/>
“If we can create an unbound space like this, we can use magic for a moment.”<br/>
“………”<br/>
I tried to imitate him, but I couldn’t break the barrier.<br/>
When he saw that, Luzer clicked his tongue. (‘tsk’)<br/>
“…Don’t call yourself a brave if you can’t even do this!”<br/>
“…Sorry.”<br/>
“You really should stop. You’re not fit for the title of brave.”<br/>
We proceeded through the valley while Luzer continued cursing.<br/>
It wasn’t until a few hours later that we were able to get out.<br/>
In the end, I couldn’t make a hole in the barrier at the time.<br/>
“… Dumbass.”<br/>
This was shortly after I was named a brave.<br/>
I still remember the time when I looked up to Luzer as a man, who, even though he had a foul mouth, was still ready to risk his life to save mine.<br/>
◆<br/>
I shake off a worm that clings to my arm and throw it in front of me.<br/>
Inside the hole, five different barriers were deployed at the same time.<br/>
I drilled holes in all of them, forcibly creating an unbound space.<br/>
“Whirlwind.”<br/>
Inside the gap made, I forcibly cast magic.<br/>
A whirlwind swept through the hole, slowing mine and Elfi’s fall.<br/>
At the same time, it blows away the worms that are wriggling around.<br/>
“It’s ironic, Luzer.”<br/>
It’s thanks to the magic you taught me that I can deal with the traps you set to kill me.<br/>
“Elfi, hold onto those people.”<br/>
“Hmm, leave it to me”<br/>
As I instruct Elfi, I proceed to punch a hole in the barrier again.<br/>
While thinking of Luzer’s character, I cast [Usurpation of Magic] at the places he is likely to have set up traps.<br/>
Left and right walls, and the landing spots.<br/>
The magic power was forcibly taken away from the magic spells that had been set up, deactivating them.<br/>
“Well… it’s tough.”<br/>
He seems to have put a lot of care into creating these barriers.<br/>
Even though they only used light magic, they all contained several times more magic power than usual ones.<br/>
There seems to be some movement-inhibiting barriers as well because my body feels sluggish.<br/>
A few seconds later, we stepped on the ground.<br/>
I made sure there was no sign of anything around us and quickly lowered the women to the ground.<br/>
“..a. Aa…”<br/>
“…”<br/>
The worms were put inside the bodies of the women who had been thrown in the hole by Marx.<br/>
It’s another trap meant for us.<br/>
The women were already on the verge of dying from being eaten alive from their guts.<br/>
“…That’s awful.”<br/>
I remove the potion from the pouch and sprinkle it on their abdomen.<br/>
At the same time, I use healing magic to seal the wounds.<br/>
I wasn’t very good at healing magic, but it was the right choice to at least learn the basics of it when I was a hero.<br/>
That won’t save them, but it will at least by us some time.<br/>
If we can take them to the hospital, they’ll be fine.<br/>
“Iori, it seems that we are the only ones in this room. Apparently, that sorcerer is gone.”<br/>
Elfie, who was alert of the surroundings, said so as she saw that the treatment was over.<br/>
“… I see. If that’s the case, I guess they opted for a wait-and-see.”<br/>
The most disturbing element in the process of taking revenge on Marx is that Luzer came along.<br/>
I also talked to Elfi about it in our conversation before we came here.<br/>
“How do you think those two work together?”<br/>
Elfi asked while we were walking.<br/>
Either Luzer advises Marx and waits while observing how he acts.<br/>
Or he is manipulating him to confront us directly.<br/>
“Those are the two scenarios I can think of right now”, I said.<br/>
“Isn’t there an option for him to step out in front?”<br/>
“It’s not likely.”<br/>
Luzer is a cautious man.<br/>
So cautious that he wouldn’t challenge something if he doesn’t have the confidence to win.<br/>
The attack at the [Labyrinth of Hades] with his companions and the surprise attack at Ling Mountain were all actions that were taken because the odds were stacked against us.<br/>
(TN: names could be wrong but not gonna search in the 4 precedent volumes) (EN: First name is now the correct labyrinth, please let me know what mountain is referred to here.)<br/>
“That guy must have been quite alarmed after he saw me using psychic magic in Ling Mountain.”<br/>
That’s why he won’t attack us directly until he has confirmed the difference in strength between us.<br/>
“I guess the reason he didn’t lay a hand on me when I was fighting in the orphanage was that his objective was to observe us.”<br/>
It was a wait-and-see case last time, but he should have more or less appraised our strength and judged it was time to see it with his own eyes to get a precise idea.<br/>
What’s more, there is a great tool lying just there: Marx. There would be no reason for him not to take advantage of it.<br/>
“The question is, after seeing that battle, what will he do?”<br/>
If he saw the battle of the orphanage and decided he could beat us, he would have already made his move.<br/>
Even if he has to discard Marx, he will do anything to kill me.<br/>
But if he still wasn’t sure, he would use Marx to come to us to find out where our limits were.<br/>
“So we need to find out how that sorcerer moves before we can deal with that sidekick.”<br/>
“Sidekick… Well, that’s what it comes down to. It’s quite troublesome.”<br/>
Before rushing the mansion, I envisioned some of the traps that would have been set up in case Luzer had intervened and laid out a plan to take care of the aftermath.<br/>
That’s why when I sensed the magical power of Luzer, I couldn’t help but be wary of some kind of sneak attack.<br/>
Although that backfired as a result.<br/>
This time Luzer chose to observe.<br/>
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have intervened in a way that would alarm us.<br/>
He was probably there to defend Marx from my attack.<br/>
“…Well.”<br/>
We were dropped in the basement.<br/>
It was probably connected in advance to the basement through Marx’s private room.<br/>
In addition to the [Blocking Barrier], the room has other barriers, such as the [Demonic Barrier], [Demon Binding Barrier], [Movement Inhibition], and [Magic Consumption Doubling].<br/>
I wonder how many magic stones were used to set up such a trap.<br/>
No doubt, it would have been Luzer who set this up.<br/>
“Elfi, is your mana level okay?”<br/>
The effects of the other shields are also a hindrance, but the most troublesome thing for Elfi is probably the [Magic Consumption Doubling].<br/>
Just by using the magic eye, the magic consumption would be so powerful that an ordinary person would be dried up.<br/>
Furthermore, just by maintaining a partial body, a significant amount of magic power is constantly consumed.<br/>
“No problem yet. It wouldn’t be a good idea to stay long, though.”<br/>
My magic is also being sucked in, but thanks to the magic items I have equipped, I can halve the effect of the barriers.<br/>
It’s all thanks to the effect of the ‘Magic Armor’, ‘Jade Blade’ and ‘Red Lotus Armor’.<br/>
But even with these effects, it only let me endure it for a dozen minutes.<br/>
The women, too, won’t last long.<br/>
There’s no point in staying here, so let’s start moving as soon as possible.<br/>
“Sorry. Can you carry those people?”<br/>
“Fufu, it would be tough with your thin arms.”<br/>
“…”<br/>
Nodding, Elfi lifted the women lightly and held her by her sides.<br/>
She is as strong as ever.<br/>
Together with Elfi, we walked towards the exit of the room.<br/>
“Mu…”<br/>
“…here it comes.”<br/>
Cobblestones spread across the floor.<br/>
Through the gaps, red and elongated objects appeared one after another.<br/>
These are the worms that came out of the women’s innards earlier.<br/>
Wiggling their circular mouth and crawling on the ground to approach us.<br/>
It’s the first time I’ve seen these creatures.<br/>
I’ve seen quite a few demons in my travels, but I’ve never run into a worm like this.<br/>
“What the hell are these things? Are they some kind of demons?”<br/>
“………it’s funny. I don’t even know these kinds of things.”<br/>
“A new species…?”<br/>
“………..Disagreeable.”<br/>
Elfi only momentarily activated her magic eye and muttered: “After all…”<br/>
“I can sense the magical power unique to demons but these guys are more like Homunculi.”<br/>
“Homunculi…..　These rampant things?”<br/>
“Also, I know you don’t want to hear too much …. but although their magic power is weak, it’s mixed with Iori’s.”<br/>
With those words, I could see the general situation.<br/>
A creature close to Homunculi, with my magic mixed in.<br/>
…an experimental creature created by George and Lily, I suppose.<br/>
“Let’s call it the Wormatsu!”<br/>
“Spare me from that…”<br/>
The number of worms that crawled out of the cobblestones already exceed a hundred.<br/>
“… It’s a hassle, but can you kill them with fire magic?”<br/>
“I’ll take care of it.”<br/>
Elfi nodded and grinned fiercely.<br/>
“Stay back.”<br/>
She glared at the worms and intimidated them.<br/>
The next moment, the worms were fleeing back into the cobblestones like a wave.<br/>
“From the looks of it, it doesn’t bear any intelligence. It’s just a lump of instincts.”<br/>
“I guess their instincts gave them a sense of crisis.”<br/>
“Hmmm. It’s a good thing the Wormatsu don’t have as much spirit as Iori.”<br/>
“Don’t call them that.”<br/>
We went through the room and opened the door that was at the back.<br/>
At that moment, something flew from the other side without a sound.<br/>
“…”<br/>
Immediately after avoiding it, the object that flew with a gurgling sound hit the cobblestones behind it.<br/>
There was a disgusting sound, and part of the cobblestones melted.<br/>
Maybe it was acid or something akin.<br/>
Stepping inside, I immediately saw what the attack came from.<br/>
An enormous worm stood in the center of the room.<br/>
It’s also different from the snake-like shaped worms we’ve seen before.<br/>
Eight necks extended from the round body.<br/>
Each neck wobbled and undulated, and countless fangs opened and closed their peeping mouths.<br/>
“What a curiosity. I didn’t know you could make something like this out of Homunculi.”<br/>
“Elfi, are there any other traps in this room?”<br/>
Her eyes glistened with red for a moment, and Elfi nodded her head in affirmation.<br/>
There’s no contraption in this room other than the barriers.<br/>
“I see…, maybe this guy is the boss; with some good luck, we will be done with this trap after having dealt with him.”<br/>
『――――』<br/>
As if to say it won’t let us do that, the worm began lifting it’s sickle.<br/>
The three necks opened their mouths wide, releasing a green liquid from within with great vigor.<br/>
Is that the attack that melted the cobblestones?<br/>
The speed of the acid bullet is not that fast.<br/>
Together with Elfi, we avoided it without difficulty.<br/>
『――――! 』<br/>
The worm was dragging its sluggish torso, approaching at a speed unexpected from its massive body.<br/>
The worm attacked us by swinging on us several of its neck like they were whips.<br/>
“Ha!”<br/>
I slashed the approaching neck from beneath.<br/>
The worm’s body flew through the place, dropping to the ground with a heavy thud.<br/>
The severed neck thrashed around on the ground,and soon stopped moving.<br/>
It didn’t even care that his head had been dropped, and the heads kept pouncing on us one after another.<br/>
One by one, two by two, we cut off the heads coming towards us in a row.<br/>
『――――』<br/>
When only five heads remained, it probably realized that it would only be killed if it distanced itself.<br/>
Once the worm made some distance, it tried to drag the torso backwards.<br/>
[Magic Eyes: Embers]<br/>
But Elfi won’t allow it.<br/>
The magic power she had been storing up until then was released towards the worm.<br/>
The explosion, even though slightly suppressed by the barriers, hit the worm head-on.<br/>
“——- !!!”<br/>
Suddenly, the last remaining neck opened its mouth wide.<br/>
Just as I thought I heard a thud, the explosion disappeared without a trace.<br/>
“It’s the same as the magic absorbing device that was in the orphanage. Apparently, it’s based on my magic usurpation.”<br/>
“…I can’t use my magic eye.”<br/>
A rumbling came out of its body as it quivered, and suddenly, all of the severed necks regenerated out of nowhere.<br/>
It seems to have high regeneration capacities.<br/>
Magic doesn’t work.<br/>
Even if you deal damage with a physical attack, it will regenerate immediately.<br/>
And our magic power is constantly being consumed.<br/>
We don’t have enough leeway to take our time fighting.<br/>
I can also use [Heroic Reappearance], but if you use it within this barrier, the magic consumption will be substantial.<br/>
Considering that Marx is waiting for us after this, it’s not a good idea to push ourselves here.<br/>
“Iori, even within this warding, you could use magic, couldn’t you?”<br/>
“… I can’t use much, though.”<br/>
“So, can you create ice?”<br/>
With those words, I understood Elfi’s intentions.<br/>
A nine-headed dragon. (TN: no, hydras are seven headed)<br/>
Hmmm. The number of necks is different, but with that regenerative power, it is very similar.<br/>
If they’re similar, the same way of dealing with them could work, right?<br/>
“Good. Elfi, keep the girls safe and stay back.”<br/>
“Are you going to fight this alone?”<br/>
“Because compared to a real nine-headed dragon, it’s no big deal.”<br/>
The worm begins to move.<br/>
All eight necks will shoot acid bullets at the same time.<br/>
At the same time, he approached with a furious force, dragging his torso.<br/>
「――――」<br/>
Avoiding acid bullets, I rush to the worm.<br/>
The worm moved three of its heads at the same time and attacked from multiple directions, determined not to let me get closer.<br/>
I ducked the first attack, parried the second attack and decapitated its neck on the third one.<br/>
Green blood gushes out.<br/>
“[Frostbite].”<br/>
I put magic into the wound.<br/>
In the blink of an eye, the wound froze along with all the blood.<br/>
『――――』<br/>
As if blocking my escape, the worm shakes its head.<br/>
But it’s slow.<br/>
I slip through the gap, cutting its head as I pass by.<br/>
While simultaneously applying the ice magic on the wound.<br/>
“… it does work after all.”<br/>
The worm squirms, like earlier, to regenerate its lost necks.<br/>
But it won’t work as long as the wound is frozen.<br/>
“-!?”<br/>
The worm doesn’t seem to understand why the wounds don’t heal.<br/>
“Once you know how to deal with it, the rest is easy.”<br/>
I wonder if it instinctively understood its crisis.<br/>
It braced itself warily.<br/>
Ignoring that, I slashed at the worm.<br/>
“- five remaining.”<br/>
◆<br/>
The worm, which has lost all its head and is now only a torso, collapses to the ground.<br/>
Its torso convulses, but makes no sign of moving.<br/>
We walked out of the room, going around the corps of the worm as we passed.<br/>
When we passed through the door, the effect of the barrier suddenly disappeared.<br/>
In the end, it really was the room from earlier that was the main attraction.<br/>
“… I’ve set up a barrier with great care.”<br/>
Looking back at the door we passed through, the outside wall was densely filled with magic.<br/>
“Shall we destroy it just in case?”<br/>
I shook my head at Elfi’s words.<br/>
“You shouldn’t do that. Knowing Luzer, it could be rigged to explode the moment it’s broken.”<br/>
“… Oh, it’s true. There’s an [Explosion] formula mixed in there.”<br/>
I knew it.<br/>
The explosion would trigger the moment something interferes with the trap.<br/>
Well, I suppose it’s just to avenge the Kingdom’s ritual room.<br/>
“I’m sorry, but you’re the only one who would fall for something like that, Luzer.”<br/>
Leaving the barrier alone, we go on.<br/>
Just in case, I walked cautiously, looking out for traps, but nothing was set up.<br/>
It looks like this is just a passage.<br/>
After proceeding for a while, we found a tightly sealed room in the middle of the way.<br/>
I stopped at the door that was so ostentatious.<br/>
When I unlocked it through magic and peeked inside, what I found there was a medicine cabinet.<br/>
“Mrrrk, a smell capable of raising the dead.”<br/>
Elfi frowned while pressing her nose.<br/>
The medicine cabinet is filled with a myriad of illegal drugs.<br/>
I also found a few drugs that I know of.<br/>
One of them is the “Nail of the Ogre” poison that was used on Beltoga in the hot spring city.<br/>
“…Hmm.”<br/>
I grab a few of the pills on the shelf and put them in the pouch.<br/>
“Hmm?　What are you going to use them for?”<br/>
“Ah!”<br/>
I grin at Elfi as I take a “Drop of God”.<br/>
“I came up with something good.”<br/>
EN: Edited by rialm – You’ll get a virtual cookie if you find a mistake and post it in the comments <br/>
hey I’m here to bring you some fresh novel. here is the dope<br/>
Quality feedback v5c8as smooth as silk i like that keep it upok tiersome errors/no-sense but still readableJokes on you, I don't know english grammar so you can't hurt my eyes with your primary level englishVoteView ResultsCrowdsignal.comTake Our Poll<br/>
Precedent<br/>
 Advertisements<br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/>
We've received your report.<br/>
                        Thanks for your feedback!<br/>
Seen too often<br/>
Not relevant<br/>
Offensive<br/>
Broken<br/>
Report this Ad<br/>
 