<br/>
▽<br/>
[———————-]<br/>
I regain consciousness.<br/>
I take out my pocket watch and check the time.<br/>
……I hardly got any sleep.<br/>
It’s only been about 10 minutes since I fell unconscious.<br/>
Seras…<br/>
[………………..]<br/>
—is lying down with her back turned towards me.<br/>
She appears to be awake but——<br/>
[……, ……….?]<br/>
I feel uncomfortable.<br/>
The only thing covering my upper body is these bandages wrapped around my wounds.<br/>
There’s also “that” in the center of my exposed chest.<br/>
A strange lingering memory.<br/>
That area is slightly warmer than the others……<br/>
One discomfort after another.<br/>
 I put my hand on my mouth.<br/>
My lips.<br/>
……A warm moisture.<br/>
Strangely enough, they feel wet.<br/>
I silently looked at Seras’ back.<br/>
<br/>
Shyness…<br/>
Nervousness…<br/>
Surprise…<br/>
Regret…<br/>
Guilt…<br/>
……Awareness.<br/>
I could read intermingling emotions from her.<br/>
[……………….]<br/>
“Achoo.”<br/>
Raising my upper body, I touch my bangs.<br/>
I then called out.<br/>
[……You still can’t sleep?]<br/>
Seras’ calm shoulders twitched in response.<br/>
Taking a deep breath, she replied.<br/>
[My apologies.]<br/>
What was that apology for?<br/>
[Why are you apologizing?]<br/>
[I- I’m sorry……]<br/>
[…………….]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I should probably pretend that I didn’t notice it.<br/>
[Should I make you sleep with my skill?]<br/>
That’s also probably better for Seras with the way she is right now.<br/>
Slightly shrinking her body smaller, Seras replied.<br/>
[Yes, please.]<br/>
[—–<Sleep>—–]<br/>
Shortly after, I began to hear the regulated sounds of her breathing.<br/>
Turning over, Seras lies down on her back.<br/>
I look at her sideways to see how she’s doing.<br/>
……It seems that she’s completely sound asleep.<br/>
[…………………………..]<br/>
I take a deep breath.<br/>
I had a slight hunch of what happened.<br/>
After the battle against Civit, Seras kept a reasonable distance from me.<br/>
Yes— Consciously so.<br/>
She was probably looking out for me.<br/>
She doesn’t want those emotions to get in the way of my journey for revenge.<br/>
Even so…<br/>
[She’s more daring than I thought……]<br/>
I’m a little surprised.<br/>
No…<br/>
[But well…… this is how it turned huh.]<br/>
However, this happened way too sudden.<br/>
A lonely journey of escape, in which you’re exhausted both physically and mentally.<br/>
And in the middle of the road, you finally met someone that you felt comfortable with.<br/>
In a situation where you’re driven to the corner…<br/>
And you were saved in a way like that…<br/>
If our situation was reversed…<br/>
If it were Seras that had saved me instead…<br/>
[It wouldn’t be weird for me to be infatuated with her…… However—–]<br/>
Before I fell unconscious…<br/>
I had only planned to sleep after Seras herself fell asleep.<br/>
And yet—– I fell unconscious.<br/>
On Seras’ lap, I completely fell unconscious.<br/>
Completely.<br/>
[I see.]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I look towards Seras as her chest regularly move up and down.<br/>
[Even I…]<br/>
Before I noticed it…<br/>
[I’ve also come to trust you this much huh.]<br/>
▽<br/>
▽<br/>
▽<br/>
After we had some rest, we left the cave and hurried straight to our destination.<br/>
The skies were still dark after we left.<br/>
However, the sky brightened up soon as sunrise came.<br/>
The morning of this day is rather quiet in the Demon Zone.<br/>
The crisp, clean air pleasantly fill my lungs.<br/>
We didn’t encounter any minor hindrances along the way.<br/>
Is it because the monsters in the vicinity had decreased after yesterday’s slaughter?<br/>
Or perhaps, is it that the monsters have perceived us as dangerous beings now?<br/>
Anyway…<br/>
[Touka.]<br/>
Eve stood next to me.<br/>
[Yeah.]<br/>
We checked out the map.<br/>
From hereafter, we finally entered the domain where the Witch lives.<br/>
The glowing dot showing our position and the glowing dot showing the witch’s position.<br/>
The two glowing dots showing our positions were about to overlap with each other.<br/>
[There’s no turning back now, Eve.]<br/>
My lips curved up a smile.<br/>
[Well…… There’s no way you’re going to turn back now that we’re already in front of our goal.]<br/>
“Umu.”<br/>
The pensive Blood Champion nodded her head.<br/>
[Obviously.]<br/>
And thus—- We stepped into the Witch of Taboos’ domain.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
