[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c166](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/166/)
<br/><br/>
The ability to crush that goddess.<br/>
 <br/>
I have no intention of placing all of my bets on the Forbidden Curses.<br/>
I must also raise the battle capability of the other people beside me.<br/>
On top of a plan—- I must think of a second and third plan above it.<br/>
I have to think about going above and beyond at all times.<br/>
 <br/>
Gulp<br/>
 <br/>
I heard a sound of gulping behind me.<br/>
Even the person who made that sound seemed to be confused by the loudness of that sound.<br/>
 <br/>
[Touka-dono.]<br/>
[Hmm?]<br/>
 <br/>
I turn behind my back.<br/>
Seras, who was brushing her hair earlier, turned her gaze away.<br/>
 <br/>
[I—– I think it’s about time for us to sleep.]<br/>
[I’ll go to sleep after I put these materials away. You can go to sleep first.]<br/>
[T- Then, I’ll also stay for a bit……]<br/>
 <br/>
Seras walked over to her luggage and stooped over towards it.<br/>
She’s rummaging around for something.<br/>
From her luggage, she pulled out a thin overcoat.<br/>
Seras wore it over her thin robe that she’s currently wearing.<br/>
She probably felt that she was too lightly dressed.<br/>
After putting away the materials, I got ready to sleep as I went back to the bed.<br/>
 <br/>
I turned off the switch of the magic-powered lamp.<br/>
I then glanced at the candlestick placed beside the bed.<br/>
 <br/>
[Seras, could you also put that out?]<br/>
[Ah, yes——, …………Fwwuuuu.]<br/>
 <br/>
Blowing on it, Seras puffed away the fire on the candle.<br/>
The room had turned a lot dimmer.<br/>
This room has a large window opening towards the outside.<br/>
The moonlight was shining in from that window.<br/>
We’re supposed to be underground.<br/>
However, I feel like the sky I’ve seen outside this place is darker than here.<br/>
I don’t know the principles behind this, but she even had the moon prepared in here.<br/>
How should I say this—— It’s like I’m a Science Fiction movie.<br/>
 <br/>
Pigimaru slipped under the bed.<br/>
As for Slei, she fell asleep while she’s in a prone position.<br/>
 <br/>
Seras and I were laying down on the bed side by side.<br/>
This bed is large enough for three people to sleep on it.<br/>
As long as we stay aware of where we sleep, this bed isn’t narrow enough that we would end up touching each other’s skin.<br/>
 <br/>
[………………..]<br/>
 <br/>
Seras turned away.<br/>
From the sound of her breathing, it doesn’t seem like she has fallen asleep yet.<br/>
 <br/>
[Touka-dono…… Are you still awake?]<br/>
[Yeah.]<br/>
[It looks like we’re finally about to unveil the secrets of these Forbidden Curses huh.]<br/>
<br/>
Disposal Ruins.<br/>
Black Dragon Knights.<br/>
Ashinto.<br/>
Golden Demon Zone.<br/>
The Witch of Taboos.<br/>
 <br/>
It feels like my journey has been going on for a long time, but it also feels like all of these things passed in the blink of an eye.<br/>
 <br/>
[The reason why we could make it this far, just having your existence here with me was a really great help for this.]<br/>
[I’m honored.]<br/>
 <br/>
I stare at the ceiling.<br/>
 <br/>
[You’ve got something you want to ask me?]<br/>
[—————]<br/>
 <br/>
I waited for what Seras is going to say.<br/>
After a brief moment, I could feel nervousness in her voice as she asked a question.<br/>
 <br/>
[……Once you’ve finished your journey for revenge, what are you going to do next?]<br/>
[Once I’ve finished my revenge huh? I haven’t really given it that much thought…… If I had the means though, I’d like to go back to my previous world once more.]<br/>
[You would like to see your Uncle and Aunt that you’ve mentioned before, wouldn’t you?]<br/>
[Yeah.]<br/>
 <br/>
It’s fine if I could only say a few words.<br/>
I want to say my thanks…<br/>
—for all these favors I’ve received from them.<br/>
 <br/>
[What about you, Seras? Right now, it seems like the world thinks that Seras Ashrains has already died.]<br/>
[I don’t know…… I didn’t think much about it either. In a sense, just as the world perceives it, I feel I’ve already died once……]<br/>
[Wouldn’t you like to see that Princess-sama you mentioned before again?]<br/>
 <br/>
I remembered that she had that necklace that was given to her by the princess of the Holy Kingdom of Neia.<br/>
Seras had kept that for a long time without selling it for money.<br/>
 <br/>
[……Unlike Touka-dono’s situation, we’ve already said our goodbyes to each other.]<br/>
[I think that for you, the Princess-sama’s existence is just like how my Uncle’s existence is to me, isn’t she?]<br/>
 <br/>
“Fufu…”<br/>
Seras lightly giggles.<br/>
 <br/>
[Yes, that might be so……]<br/>
[Back when you were running alone, you were planning to travel to another continent by riding a ship from Jonato, right?]<br/>
[Yes. However, right now……]<br/>
 <br/>
Seras turns her body towards me.<br/>
 <br/>
[Wherever you, my king may be, that place would also be where I belong.]<br/>
 <br/>
Looking straight towards me, Seras said.<br/>
 <br/>
[My life, my sword and my very being, I devote all of it to you.]<br/>
 <br/>
I could see some feverishness in Seras’ gaze.<br/>
It seems that she’s still feeling flushed from her bath.<br/>
The faint color of cherry spreading out her radiant white skin.<br/>
Her fine, silky blond hair rippling on the bed.<br/>
Her distinctive long ears that have slightly changed their colors.<br/>
 <br/>
[Ah…….,——– My apologies, I suddenly……]<br/>
<br/>
She turns her back towards me again.<br/>
I could feel nervousness and agitation from her.<br/>
(T/N: 興奮 could be read as agitation… but it could also mean arousal…)<br/>
 <br/>
[I’ll invoke <Sleep> on you now…… Is that alright?]<br/>
 <br/>
I brought my palm close to her back.<br/>
Then…<br/>
 <br/>
Squish<br/>
 <br/>
Seras held my hand with her own.<br/>
 <br/>
It’s as if she’s showing refusal.<br/>
 <br/>
[Umm—— Can you please…… not use <Sleep> today?]<br/>
[Do you think you’d be able to sleep?]<br/>
[……I don’t know.]<br/>
[I understand…… I’ll let you do what you want for the time being.]<br/>
 <br/>
After saying that, we laid on our backs again.<br/>
I think about 10 minutes of silence passed when…<br/>
 <br/>
[……Other than my father, this is the first time in my life that I have shared a bed like this with someone of the opposite gender.]<br/>
[This is also my first time.]<br/>
[For your first time, you look quite composed……]<br/>
 <br/>
Peeking towards her, Seras had a slightly clouded expression on her face.<br/>
Her cheeks were even unusually pouting.<br/>
I think I know what she’s thinking about.<br/>
It must be because I hardly showed any reaction to this.<br/>
 <br/>
[You have a likeable personality, Seras. You’re also beautiful, that I think you’d definitely charm a person of the opposite gender. You can be confident about that.]<br/>
 <br/>
I honestly said.<br/>
 <br/>
[I think when it comes to the opposite gender, the one I like the most in this world would be you, Seras.]<br/>
 <br/>
[————————-,……………….]<br/>
 <br/>
I could tell that Seras gasped just now.<br/>
She turned her body to the side.<br/>
While she’s still lying down, her face is now facing towards me.<br/>
 <br/>
[You know that I’m not lying, right?]<br/>
[Umm… Yes.]<br/>
[Also, how should I say this…… If I were in a situation like this with the opposite gender, I think I would probably be able to keep my calmness even towards people other than Seras. It’s just as Erika said earlier. “I’m not really as responsive as boys my age”.]<br/>
[Ah, now that you’ve said it…… She did say that…..]<br/>
[I think I have an idea why though. Therefore…… I’ll tell you about it when that time comes.]<br/>
<br/>
……I don’t really want to talk that much about my sh*tty parents.<br/>
I think I could probably tell Seras about them though.<br/>
 <br/>
[Ah……]<br/>
 <br/>
Seras’ eyes relaxed a bit.<br/>
 <br/>
[Yes…… I will be waiting. Umm, Touka-dono……]<br/>
[Hmm?]<br/>
[I also have something that I have to tell you about someday.]<br/>
 <br/>
Could it be about that thing she did in that cave?<br/>
 <br/>
[Alright. Someday, right?]<br/>
[Yes, someday……]<br/>
[…………….]<br/>
[…………….]<br/>
 <br/>
Seras brought her face close to my chest.<br/>
 <br/>
As if she’s snuggling on my body, she also brought her body closer to mine.<br/>
 <br/>
I can almost hear the sound of a beating heart…… I’m wondering if I should say something like that.<br/>
 <br/>
Even within the lack of light around us, I could still see Seras and the overflowing blush on her face.<br/>
 <br/>
When I felt her small shoulder, I could feel some nervousness from her.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’m sorry……]<br/>
 <br/>
Seras apologized.<br/>
In her fading voice with a sigh mixing along with it.<br/>
 <br/>
[I just suddenly did it… Inadvertently……]<br/>
[Inadvertently?]<br/>
 <br/>
As expected, even I would be a little bewildered with what she said.<br/>
Inadvertently huh…<br/>
I suppose she’s moved closer before she’s even aware of what she’s doing.<br/>
After what happened in the cave the other day……<br/>
At times like these, it seems that she tends to inadvertently take action with what she’s thinking in her mind.<br/>
I would usually just keep calm about it but……<br/>
 <br/>
[To- Touka-dono…… I can’t stand it anymore…… Ummm——- Could you please use <Sleep> on me……?]<br/>
<br/>
Seras’ eyes were swirling around.<br/>
I could also she’s embarrassed from the crease on her eyebrows.<br/>
It’s as if she’s been inflicted with the Abnormal State, confusion.<br/>
 <br/>
I exhale out.<br/>
 <br/>
[Alright.]<br/>
 <br/>
I held out my palm towards her and invoked <Sleep>.<br/>
 <br/>
[—————, Zuuuu……]<br/>
 <br/>
Seras quickly falls asleep.<br/>
It’s like I’m looking at a child who can easily sleep well.<br/>
<br/>
I slightly shifted Seras’ body.<br/>
I also placed the blanket over her body as well.<br/>
I’m still feeling a bit excited though……<br/>
Just as how it had been before, her appearance while she’s peacefully sleeping haven’t changed.<br/>
Leaning my chin on my hand, I looked towards Seras’ face as she sleeps and spoke.<br/>
In a tone that may sound like I’m talking to someone.<br/>
 <br/>
[……You’re quite the strange one, aren’t you?]<br/>
 <br/>
Returning back to my earlier sleeping position, I lay down on my back again.<br/>
Seras won’t wake up until the effect of <Sleep> wears off.<br/>
No matter what I say.<br/>
No matter what I do.<br/>
 <br/>
[Pigimaru.]<br/>
 <br/>
I called out to Pigimaru who was under the bed.<br/>
 <br/>
[Pii?]<br/>
[I’m going to sleep now. If something strange happens, tell me.]<br/>
[Pigii……!]<br/>
 <br/>
“Roger that!”<br/>
 <br/>
Or so his squeal sounds like that.<br/>
I don’t know if it’s out of concern, but the volume of his voice was also very low.<br/>
 <br/>
[……I knew I could count on you.]<br/>
 <br/>
Saying that with a wry smile on my face, I quietly close down my eyes and fall asleep.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
<Author’s Notes><br/>
 <br/>
Thanks to all of your support, the third volume of “I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything” will be released on May 25th (Saturday) (I’ve also received reports of purchases, so it seems that some of them are already being sold in stores).<br/>
 <br/>
This time too, I’ve checked the whole thing and made some minor additions and corrections.  I’m sure it’s a lot of extra work, but I still do all the checks… And there’s some additional written content as well. I’ll be able to write some comedic scenes between Touka and Seras in Monroy that I didn’t get to write in the web novel version, so if you’d like to see the scene of Touka and Seras being lovey-dovey (?), then I recommend buying the book! ……or something like that, I guess?<br/>
 <br/>
Also, KWM drew colored illustrations for the scenes involving the laundry scene and that scene where Seras and Liz were changing their clothes. The illustrations have a lot of Seras-ness in it, and as I wrote this afterword… I’m steadily working on the book version of “Seras Book Project” (?). All the illustrations are great, but I personally like Volume 3’s cover illustration the best (when you put volumes 1 to 3 together, it looks really good…).<br/>
 <br/>
Thanks to all of you, we were able to reach the third volume. I would like to take this opportunity to thank you once again. The manga version will also be published starting in July. Now then, I’d be happy if you continued enjoying and immersing yourselves in the world of “I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything”, whether it’s in the web novel version, the light novel version, or the manga.<br/>
 <br/>
The next chapter (after a long time?) will be back on the Goddess’ side.<br/>
<br/>
Like this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
