[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c170](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/170/)
<br/> Liz’s eyes sparkled. A sigh of admiration leaked out from her little lips. [Big Sister, you’re so beautiful……] Her chestnut-colored, fluffy hair that’s long enough to reach her waist. She still had her jade green eyes that she used to have. Her fine eyebrows that look like it’s just painted in a single stroke are really sharp. Her dead-fish eyes that’s brimming with intelligence, gives the impression of unyielding victory, but it doesn’t look like she’s being cocky. Could it be because of her original personality? Her appearance completely coincides with Eve’s usual calmness. In other words, looking closely at her, I can see that she is indeed Eve Speed. I guess you could say that she’s quite good looking. Eve originally had a slender body. Her body’s well proportioned. Even her features were fairly well, which is now more noticeable when you see her as a human. So, well—— I guess you could say she’s quite the beauty. [U- Umu.] Groaning, Eve touched her transformed arm. [I’ve already felt the furless skins of humans before, but it feels strange when I don’t have any fur myself. It’s a bit unsettling…… I see, I guess I never understood the Humans’ feeling of wanting to wear clothes more than I do now.] As she said this, Eve touched the hair on her cheek. Her soft-looking hair fluttered like fluff. [This feeling when I’m touching my hair, it’s not that bad. I think this would be a bit of a hindrance in battle though. However……] Circling her neck to her back, Eve lightly lifted her hips. [The lack of tail kind of hinders my sense of balance. It’s a strange thing not having to feel something that was supposed to be there.] Furthermore, Eve began inspecting the other parts of her body that had changed. Slei went a bit closer to her and slowly wandered around Eve. Eventually, Slei walked up to Eve, brought her nose near her and she began smelling her. [Kyuuuuuuu~…… tsun, tsun…… Pakyyuuu!? Pakyyuuunnn♪] [Mhmm? It seems that you knew it’s me by my scent huh, Slei.] [Pakyyuurrriii!] So, she still has the same scent huh…… Erika stood next to me. [It looks like it’s a success.] [It seems so.] Erika brings both of her hands on her chest. [Dang it, it also changed the size of her chest…… Putting aside comparing mine to Seras, Erika won’t be able to match against those.] I slid my gaze towards Erika. [You mentioned earlier making these “for the Leopardkin’s sake”?” [Yeah, I think I did say that?] [The minority race, Leopardkin may possibly be destroyed by the Humans one day…… Their treatment towards Eve back at Monroy shows the situation of the Demi-Humans. That’s why you wanted to make it so that the Leopardkin could live in the Humans’ society. Am I right?] Putting her hands on her twisted waist, Erika looks towards Eve. She somehow looks sentimental when she does that. [Eidim and Paqui…… Eve’s parents were both strong and virtuous. It’s just that they hold too much hope about the Humans. This mistress liked them because of that, but on the contrary, I’m also quite worried about them because of their virtue.] The good people would be preyed upon by others. It’s the life lesson I learned from those bastards, my real parents. [I don’t know if Eve’s virtuousness is the influence of her parents……] [I’m sure it is. Eidim and Paqui, without asking any questions, offered the child me a place to sleep and food to eat for free. And it’s not just for a day or two either.] [And they did that regardless of the difference between your race huh.] [Yeah.] Well, you would definitely feel indebted with them like that. [The reason why you handed her that bangle in this timing, is it because I asked for training in melee combat towards Eve this morning?] [Correct. I thought it would also be a good opportunity for her to familiarize herself with using weapons in her human form. There would obviously be some subtle shift in her senses compared to when she’s in her Leopardkin form. [I guess that’s also why you gave her that change of clothes. [Wouldn’t it be easier for all of you to see the changes that happened to her body when she takes on her human form. Also, whether her tail grows back or disappears, it wouldn’t matter much if it’s those clothes.] Then, that’s why she was wearing that revealing clothing huh. No, wait a sec? [Then, what about Liz?] [Eh?] [Is there any reason why Liz also needs to be in that outfit too?] She sullenly glares at me. [They already told you, didn’t I? They’re the one who chose those clothes, which was coincidentally Erika’s preference too. Eve just has the same preference with Erika. Do you have a problem with that!?] “Fuuunnn…” she snorted. [……I told you, didn’t I? I wouldn’t mind as long as the person herself likes it. Well, if they themselves feel like they’re being tricked into wearing those, I’ll stop them.] Erika… [Fuunnn…] —while sending out disapproving gazes towards me, she asked Liz. [Say, Liz. Do you hate those clothes?] Flusteredly, Liz answered Erika’s question. [N—- No, I don’t hate it…… I would wear whatever clothes Touka-sama and Erika-sama gave me……] I feel like she’s being tricked. ……Well, it’s not like I could do anything since it doesn’t look like she dislikes it that much. [Well, anyway——] Erika looks back towards Eve as she brushes her hair on the side of her neck towards her back. [If it’s with that, you lot would be able to go into a human country without being found out that she’s Eve Speed.] [——You’re right.] Erika looks like she has something stuck on her mind. [……Touka?] At that time… [Erika.] Eve approached and spoke towards Erika. [What is it?] [It’s actually about this change… Would I be able to turn back? I suppose that it’s really a convenient ability, but if it stays this way for the rest of my life……] [Don’t make me laugh. Do you think this Erika Anarveil hadn’t considered that into account?] Relief lit up on Eve’s face. Erika ran her fingertips down the back of Eve’s neck. [One of the things I considered essential when I’m making this bangle was its reversibility.] Eve tilts her head. [Reversibility?] It’s a really familiar gesture of her, but it had a really different impression now that she’s in a Human form…… [Reversibility is, to put it simply, the ability to turn you back the way you were before.] When I explain so, Eve seems to have understood. [I see, so that’s what you mean huh.] “Thank you.” Erika said words of gratitude and continued. [As far as I’m concerned, changes that were irreversible doesn’t make any sense. That’s why, I designed it so that if you pour the same amount of magic energy into the “Number 1” orb, you’ll be able to return back to your original form.] There’s one thing I’m curious about though. [Is there a limit to the duration of this bangle’s effect?] [No. Unless you put the necessary amount of magic energy again, she won’t just return back to her original form. ……Well, it’s usually difficult to gather that amount of magic energy.] However, it’s easy to do it with my MP. Eve turned her arms around in circles. [I don’t feel like my muscle mass and my agility have decreased…… Putting aside my hair and chest being more of a hindrance in battle compared to back then, but if it’s just this much, I don’t think it would be that much of a problem.] [Then, how about you use this?] Erika held out a white ribbon towards Eve. [Maybe a little better if you tie your hair up?] It was the ribbon that Erika had used during our first encounter. “Umu.” Eve nodded as she took the ribbon from her. With clumsy movements, Eve started tying up her hair into a twintail. For a moment, I wondered why she would want her hairstyle to be like that…… That’s probably because Erika had that hairstyle when we first met her. When she finished tying her hair, Eve ran her hands through her hair on both of her twintails. [Fumu…… It feels like I have a new pair of long, large ears, but it’s not that bad.] As if she was an appraiser, Erika frowned as she looked at her. [It suits you better than I thought it would……] Keeping my gaze towards Eve, I ask Erika. [How much do you think she’s able to maintain her original form’s abilities?] [She should be able to keep 90% of her ability. I’ve already had a hard time just raising it to that. Well, you’ll have to forgive me for being a little less capable of doing that.] Eve nodded as she checked the condition of her muscles. [No, this should be enough. Now, I can help Touka without worrying about my situation of being a fugitive Leopardkin. You have my gratitude, Erika.] [You’re welcome. Ah, just be mindful about that part where you need a lot of magic energy, okay?] [I won’t be able to change my form if Touka isn’t by my side huh…… By the way, Erika, what is the “number 2” orb for?] [Ah, that? It’s kind of a byproduct, but do you want to try it?] Somehow, Erika sounds a bit smug. She has a mischievous look in her eyes. Well…… In the end, we decided to give it a try to fulfill Erika’s curiosity—– [Well then, I’m going to start, Eve.] As I started pouring my magic energy, Eve started glowing again. Before long, the burst of light started subsiding. Then… [I see, so this is what’s going to happen……] Only her ears, tail and some parts of her limbs reverted back to her Leopardkin appearance. It appears that “Number 2” changes the ratio of her Humanoid part and her Leopardkin part. [U- Umu…… What do you think about this, Touka?] Feeling a bit complicated, Eve asked for my opinion. [I don’t think…… we would use option “Number 2” from hereafter.] [Umu, I agree with you on that……] Hearing that I’m of the same opinion, Eve looked relieved. Honestly though, I can’t think of any better use for “Number 2”. Erika however… [You know…… Don’t you people have any sense of cuteness?] She folded her arms in disapproval. And then… [I think Big Sister looks kind of cute though……] [I also don’t think it’s that bad……] It seems that Liz and Seras liked her current appearance. [………………….] In terms of maybe not scaring off children when she has to talk with them, it might eventually come in handy. ▽ Over the next few days, I received some lessons in melee combat from Seras and Eve. From Seras, it’s mostly about what to do while facing a sword user and people who fight with bow and arrows. Eve taught me how to fight against other weapons. The Witch’s home was stocked with a wide variety of weapons. There was a room that looked like a warehouse, and there was a messy pile of weapons. It’s said that she found most of them in the Demon Zone. She also said that there are many desperate people who, just like Eve, ran away into this place. So, when those fugitives became powerless against the monsters here, all that’s left of their corpses would be their weapons and other equipment. It seems that she’s having her golems and familiars pick them up regularly. [Of course, I would only have them pick up things that I can use, don’t you think so? Besides, this place isn’t infinitely wide either.] Even though Erika said that, her home looks larger than I thought. Her warehouse that we were shown to seemed to have a lot of storage capacity. Now then, as for the fundamentals of combat training…… [I’ve already known about it, but you’re really quite inexperienced within this field.] It’s certainly not something I could just learn overnight. There seems to be a lot more things for me to learn compared to horse riding. However, it’s true that the quality of the people teaching me were high. One of them is a Princess Knight who served as the leader of the Holy Knights. The other is the strongest Blood Champion of Monroy. I can learn combat skills almost exclusively from these two people. When I think about the luxury of learning, this could certainly be considered as one. Incidentally, Eve didn’t seem to be used to moving in her Human state at the beginning. However, it’s Eve Speed we’re talking about here. After just about half a day, she quickly regained the original brilliance of her movements. And… [It doesn’t feel bad, sweating in this Human form.] She appears to be enjoying her Human form right now. In the meantime, I’m working on my riding skills. [Oof…… Is it like this, Seras?] [Yes, you’re becoming really skillful at this.] By now, Seras was no longer required to ride behind me just like a hands-on instructor. [With this, I guess I won’t have the opportunity to teach anything about horse riding for the time being……] Seras looks slightly regretful. Gently brushing Slei’s mane, I said. [I don’t know…… Maybe I’ll need Seras’ help again when I have to ride a horse other than Slei. I don’t think I’d have to guide this child myself, you know? That’s how skillful this child is.] Seras wryly smiles. [Maybe you would feel more rewarded if it took you some difficulty to ride her.] [So, Princess Knight-dono, you prefer the bad kids more than good children like her?] [I don’t think I have the confidence to handle someone who handles everything for you though.] It just somehow came into my mind… But Seras looks like she had an image of being weak to dealing with bad kids. [You seem like you’d be better with the independent kids.] [No, I’ll be strict when it’s time for me to be strict, you know? Even back when I was in Neia, I wasn’t just a kind and gentle Leader for the Holy Knights. It’s just that, I don’t have any chance to scold Touka-dono that severely……] [Well…… It’s not like you’ve ever seriously scolded Eve or Liz either……] ▽ At dinner time, I would sometimes use my magical leather bag. Erika tried solving the mechanism of this leather bag at those times but… [Just like the skills of the Heroes from Another World, it seems that it’s impossible to build something similar to this otherworldly magical tool……] Looking a bit dissatisfied, her eyes turned to a frown. On the other hand though, she’s feeling enamored of the food and drinks that have been transferred lately. She was particularly fond of the vintage whiskey. It was a famous scotch that I only knew the name of. Erika takes a sip of the whiskey… [I’m going to treasure this one.] She looks really pleased as she rubbed the bottle to her cheek. It seems that this leather bag also played some part in making the Witch more favorable towards us. It’s just that…… Although she looks really pleased herself, she still doesn’t have a smile on her face like usual. In any case, it’s not like I can drink that whiskey myself. Therefore, it’s good that it didn’t go to waste. Some other times, we would use our spare time to clean up our room. A week or so had passed like that—- [You. You’re always riding that, aren’t you?] Erika peeked from behind me as I was reading the “Encyclopedia on the Forbidden Arts”. At that time, I was in my room doing my daily reading by myself. Seras is outside, having a match with Eve. It seems that if you don’t wield your sword every day, your instincts apparently get duller. Liz and Slei were following the two of them. So, other than me and Erika, the only people in this room is Pigimaru who is bouncing about beside me. [Is it that illustrated encyclopedia you mentioned before that you found in the Disposal Ruins?] Erika had both of her hands on my shoulders as she leaned forward and looked further into the book. [Speaking of illustrated encyclopedias, well…… yeah, I flip through them when I have the time.] [That’s something that a past Hero who has been discarded before possesses, didn’t it? Can Erika see it too? That’s okay, right?] Without turning around, I closed down the book and held it out towards Erika. [Here.] [Ara, is that really alright?] [I already trust you enough after all.] While I’m at it, I also want to know up to what “extent” the information from “Encyclopedia on the Forbidden Arts” holds. The forbidden tools devised by the Great Sage…… I wonder what the Witch of Taboos herself thinks about when she saw these articles. I’d like to check that out. [Then, I’ll be reading it now, okay?] I looked over my shoulder towards Erika who had pulled away. She was sitting cross-legged on the floor, wordlessly running her gaze through the book. She fluidly flipped through the pages with her long fingers. [—–I’m quite surprised. If that dead Hero hadn’t brought this into the Disposal Ruins…… A lot of things may have been different in this world……] I turned my body around and faced Erika. Her bluish purple eyes were still scuffling with the pages. I silently watched for a while, until she raised her gaze and turned towards me. [Say, Touka…… Do you know the name of the Disposed Hero who has been holding this?] [The Great Sage, Angrin Berthrad. He was also knowned by his alias, The Dark Hero.] [I’ve heard of that name before…… Although I’ve never personally met him. As I recalled, after defeating that time’s Root of All Evil, he was supposed to stay in this world for a while and then return to his original world with his companions…… I see, so he was thrown towards the Disposal Ruins huh……] It seems that he’s unacquainted with Erika. [Or rather, you…… When we talked about the Disposal Ruins, you didn’t talk about finding the remains of that Great Sage, did you?] [I would be troubled if you had a strange relationship with the Great Sage after all. At that time, I still wasn’t so sure if you weren’t on the Goddess’ side. It would be quite troubling for me if you just suddenly take the chance and get rid of the “Encyclopedia on the Forbidden Arts”, all just because I gave out a name of someone I’m hardly acquainted with.] Erika hides her mouth behind the opened book. Her eyes were staring right at me. [You really are too cautious, aren’t you? ……Don’t you get tired of living like that?] [It’s already in my nature.] [That’s quite a disadvantageous nature.] [I’m sure that it could also be advantageous too.] [It would be great if that nature brought more pluses to you—– Hmm? What is this?] It seems that Erika noticed those letters written in blood. Reading the contents, she looks like she immediately guessed what happened in that place. [Even the Great Sage and his companions couldn’t win against the Soul Eater……] [They probably weren’t in their best condition first and foremost…… I don’t think that f*cking goddess would just throw them into that place while they could exert their original strength… She probably did something to them.] She wouldn’t care if it’s someone like me who is not only the supposedly weakest hero in the world, but also someone who wouldn’t know right from left in how this world works…… But when it comes to the Hero who has defeated the Root of All Evil, she would definitely make sure that they would surely be killed after they were disposed of. [If it’s that joke of a goddess, that would certainly be something that she wouldn’t mistake with.] [……I think she’s already mistaken when she disposed of you, someone who can kill the Soul Eater.] Her purple eyes turned its attention towards the slime beside me. [Moreover, not only did you come back from the Disposal Ruins, you also have that special slime with you. However, I see…… The reason why that slime is different from other slimes is because you used the knowledge of this “Encyclopedia on the Forbidden Arts” to strengthen it.] Erika looks at the page where the Monster Enhancer as if she wants to completely devour it. [……I think the reason why they were able to repeatedly experiment is because they have their skills as a Hero. I think they used some kind of detoxification skill during the experiment, so that they wouldn’t have to sacrifice most of the monsters they’ve used in these experiments. In fact, I feel like these scribbles on the edge of the page are also really valuable……] [Is it really that amazing, even from the perspective of the Witch of Taboos?] [Many of the contents recorded here steps into the areas that this mistress couldn’t enter….. Therefore, this is probably an experiment based on a Hero’s inherent abilities……] From Erika’s point of view, the contents seemed to be fairly amazing. That’s as far as I can deduce from the way she said it though…… At that time, these must have looked like a rather over-technological knowledge. It’s no wonder that the Great Sage would use the term “Forbidden Arts”. These things were still too early for humanity. Well, what he’s probably most afraid of—– is that these knowledge would get into the hands of that goddess. Erika, who had been mumbling to herself for a while, stretched out neck and looked towards the bed. [By the way, what are all those stuff lying about over there?] I also looked towards the things on top of the bed. [These are the materials used to make forbidden tools. I’ve already finished making the Gem of Voice Amplification and Gem of Voice Alteration. I have some materials that I have some duplicate pieces to spare but…… At the moment, my first priority would be making Pigimaru’s Monster Enhancer……] [Fuuuunnnnn……] Erika stood up and sat down on the edge of the bed. She then crossed her legs and bent closer to observing the spread out materials. Standing up from my seat, I stand next to her. [We’re just one more material short of what we need for the Monster Enhancer’s second experiment.] [Say, Touka.] Erika raised her upper body and leaned closer towards me. She then opened the “Encyclopedia on the Forbidden Arts” in her hand and pointed to a simple illustration with her finger. [That one final ingredient you’re lacking, is it this one?] [Yes. ……Do you have something in mind?] This feels like…… She may know the habitat of the monster where I needed that material. [I do have it, you know?] [?] [No, what I mean is—–] “Tap tap” Erika lightly taps the illustration on the paper with her fingertips. [If it’s this material, I’d have it here in my home.] Like this:Like Loading... 