[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c174](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/174/)
<br/><br/>
[——–So, you’re going to slip into the Holy Alliance’s Southern army as a mercenary?]<br/>
Erika looked astonished when she heard what I said.<br/>
After that talk I had with her, Seras and I immediately went towards Erika’s room.<br/>
Telling her the situation…<br/>
[Erika doesn’t have any right to stop you but…… Are you sane?]<br/>
She didn’t stop us, but she began to doubt our sanity.<br/>
[If we can get through the Northern Demon Zone, we may be able to join up with the Southern Army, right?]<br/>
[Well, yeah. Moreover…… It seems that the armies of the countries that are going to join the Southern Army are aiming for the royal capital of Magnar’s, Synad. Therefore, I think there’s a possibility that they’re going to recruit mercenaries to bolster-up their army in that place. Considering the speed at which Neia’s army is currently moving and the distance between where they are now towards Synad… Indeed, if you were to pass through the Northern Demon Zone, you might be able to make it in time.]<br/>
A beacon of hope lit up in Seras’ face.<br/>
I could feel relief in her eyes as she glanced at me.<br/>
“It’s still not too late.”<br/>
The person well-informed with the Demon Zone, the Witch of Taboos is the one who said that.<br/>
[However, that’s only if you really can get through that place.]<br/>
[You mean that time isn’t the problem?]<br/>
The warm-colored light of the lamp illuminated Erika’s appearance.<br/>
Erika’s expression looks like she couldn’t comprehend something.<br/>
It’s probably not just because of the light’s angle that made her look like her expression darkened.<br/>
[The problem is that if you can even get through the Northern Demon Zone.]<br/>
Sitting cross-legged on the bed, Erika held up her index finger.<br/>
[All of you came from Urza. That means that you came here through the Southern Demon Zone.]<br/>
What Erika is trying to say…<br/>
—is probably…<br/>
[Is the strength of the monsters in the Northern and Southern areas different?]<br/>
[Correct. There are lots of those ferocious b*stards in the North.]<br/>
The relief on Seras’ face began to waver.<br/>
[There are various theories as to why there are lots of them in that area, but Erika thinks that it’s simply because it’s the closest area where the Root of All Evil appeared. And, the powerful monsters in that area removed the weaker monsters from their territory…… I guess that’s also the reason why the monsters were allocated around like the way it is now? Well, it’s all just a theory though.]<br/>
[Umm, Erika-dono…… How about taking a detour through the Eastern or Western—-]<br/>
[If you go through there, it’s very likely that the main force will clash against each other before you arrive. What I mean is that you won’t make it in time.]<br/>
[………………….]<br/>
I cast a questioning glance at Erika.<br/>
[Other than going through the Northern Demon Zone, is there any other way to join the Southern Army before the war starts?]<br/>
Erika shrugs her shoulders.<br/>
[I’m afraid I can’t think of one.]<br/>
[Then, we just have to go north so that we could join up with the Southern Army huh……]<br/>
Seras looks puzzled at my words.<br/>
[However, Touka-dono——]<br/>
[If Seras still feels the same, then our objective will not change. If the hindrance in our path is a monster—– we just have to get rid of them.]<br/>
[If it’s with Touka’s Abnormal State Skill, it might not be impossible.]<br/>
Erika continues.<br/>
[From what I’ve heard, you’re capable of fighting in groups, Touka. You also defeated that Soul Eater…… Cautiousness in battles is indeed necessary, but if you overestimate the enemy, you might also let a good opportunity escape. It’s certainly not a good idea to be too afraid of the monsters from the Northern Demon Zone.]<br/>
Then, Erika stood up and opened a drawer on the shelf.<br/>
The drawer was filled with parchments rolled up into a cylinder.<br/>
Picking out one of them, Erika spread it out on the table.<br/>
[This is a map of the Northern Demon Zone based on the information gathered by the Familiars I sent there.]<br/>
The three of us peek into the map.<br/>
I had heard that it was impossible to map the Demon Zone.<br/>
However, that’s possible for the Witch of Taboos huh.<br/>
I point towards one section in the map.<br/>
[What’s this line?]<br/>
[It’s a route that could be used as a way out. In some areas where the larger monsters were moving around in packs, the terrain has also been accustomed to make it easier for them to move.]<br/>
[Erika.]<br/>
I raised my gaze.<br/>
[If you’ve gone to the trouble of mapping out such a route…… You’ve been thinking that you would get out of this place sooner or later?]<br/>
Erika looks back at me.<br/>
[Even if I planned on leaving, it should have been something for around a hundred years from now though.]<br/>
The way she said it kind of bothers me.<br/>
[You talk as if you can’t leave this place for around a hundred years.]<br/>
Seras looks like she’s suspecting something.<br/>
No, rather than that……<br/>
It’s like she became certain of her faint hunch.<br/>
[Erika-dono, you made a contract with some kind of spirit……?]<br/>
[——-Well, yeah.]<br/>
With her hands on the table, Erika replied with affirmation.<br/>
[On the way here, did Seras see those magic energy gathering at the bottom of the lake?]<br/>
[Y- Yes.]<br/>
[The one producing those magic energies is the spirit dwelling in the Sacred Spirit Tree, Runereed…… It’s also the spirit living in this place. So, instead of letting it use its magic energy from protecting this place from the hands of Humans and monsters, Erika is making use of the magic energies produced by Runereed for my research and experiments.]<br/>
(T/N: ルノウレド / Runouredo)<br/>
I’ve heard that the Elves aren’t a race that aren’t particularly good at manipulating their magic energy.<br/>
They are inferior to humans in terms of both the amount they can produce and the magic energies they could store.<br/>
On the other hand though, experimenting with magic tools and the like requires a large amount of magic energy.<br/>
That’s why the Witch of Taboos chose “this place”.<br/>
[This mistress has also been blessed with the magic-related qualities of a Dark Elf…… But when it comes to the magic tool experiments designed by this Erika Anarveil, just that amount isn’t enough.]<br/>
[The one and only spirit that creates magic energy…… I’ve read about its legends in old books, but I never thought that it would be real……]<br/>
[It’s because she’s the shy one, that’s why Runereed has been hiding its presence all these times…… As expected of a High Elf huh. You must have faintly sensed her, right?]<br/>
[Her spirit energy was too thin…… That’s why I thought it must have been remnants of some spirits that used to live in this place.]<br/>
[Erika.]<br/>
Interrupting their conversation, I have one thing I need to confirm.<br/>
[Is it that you don’t want to leave this place? Or perhaps, you couldn’t leave this place?]<br/>
After a brief pause, Erika replied.<br/>
[It’s the latter.]<br/>
I see.<br/>
Seras speaks, as if she’s reconfirming her words.<br/>
[Erika-dono most probably had a contract that makes her “remain” in this area…… And in return, she can use the power of Runereed, right?]<br/>
Erika sighs.<br/>
[That’s how it is. Therefore, I’m sorry, but I can’t come with all of you.]<br/>
[Don’t worry about it, Erika-dono. I’m already grateful for showing us a map with easy-to-follow directions.]<br/>
I began observing Erika.<br/>
She looked a little awkward.<br/>
And like that, we finished lightly reviewing our route.<br/>
[I’ll give this one to you.]<br/>
Erika held out a map to me.<br/>
[Is it alright?]<br/>
[Do what you want with it. However, as you can see, this map isn’t perfect either. Don’t trust the information in it too much.]<br/>
Erika poured water from a jug into her silver cup and drank it down.<br/>
After wiping her mouth, she spoke.<br/>
[I’ll think of something I can help you with by tomorrow morning. So, we’ll talk about the details again tomorrow.]<br/>
▽<br/>
In the early morning the next day, I visited Erika’s room.<br/>
However, she wasn’t there.<br/>
If she’s not here—- then, was she in her lab?<br/>
I move past the door and that ladder I’ve passed through before.<br/>
Once I got down there…<br/>
Kerchak, clank, thud<br/>
I’m hearing some kind of noise.<br/>
I turn my gaze towards the source of the sound.<br/>
……From that room huh.<br/>
Opening that door, I came upon a large room.<br/>
It’s even bigger than that room where I used the Enhancer on Pigimaru.<br/>
The temperature here was cooler than the laboratory.<br/>
However, although the room itself is spacious……<br/>
There is so much stuff cluttered around in this vast space.<br/>
Could this be a junk warehouse filled with the items she scavenged from the Demon Zone?<br/>
As for Erika, she was plunging her upper body into a pile of miscellaneous items.<br/>
It looks like she’s looking for something.<br/>
[Good morning.]<br/>
With her buttock still showing over here, Erika greeted me.<br/>
[That environment and changes of scenery depending on time, is it so that you won’t lose your sense of time?]<br/>
[You know what they’re for huh—- So, what do you want?]<br/>
[I just want to have some quick words with just us two. Seras should still be asleep now after I invoked <Sleep> on her.]<br/>
Just like a cat walking backwards, Erika pulled her body out of the pile.<br/>
[You have something to talk about?]<br/>
[First of all, why did you suddenly become so cooperative?]<br/>
[……Well, I’m sorry about that.]<br/>
Words of apology suddenly came out of Erika’s mouth.<br/>
……It seems that she immediately figured out what I want to talk about.<br/>
[Did you suddenly feel guilty for being so uncooperative after we told you that we’re going to join up with the Southern Army?]<br/>
Raising both of her hands, Erika strikes a surrender pose.<br/>
[……I was being careless when I mentioned the Holy Kingdom of Neia’s Princess. She looked so happy travelling with you, so I thought that she’s already put her past behind her.]<br/>
Erika showed a hint of remorse that she might have been insensitive when she mentioned the Princess.<br/>
[You never expected that Seras would react like that huh.]<br/>
[I mean…… If you make a face like that, anyone can understand how strong Seras’ feelings for them are. I think Seras thought that she was hiding it, but she can’t hide it at all.]<br/>
Erika also saw through Seras’ acting.<br/>
[That’s why Erika felt so bad to her, so I stayed up all night—-]<br/>
[I know. Besides…… I think this would have been many times better off for Seras rather than knowing this when it was all over. The point is…… I came here to thank you. I think that telling her about Neia’s Princess came out to be a good thing. I was a little surprised that you didn’t try to stop us at all.]<br/>
[It’s because I could tell from looking at the both of you that there wasn’t any point in stopping you at all. I feel like I’m obligated to explain the difficulty of getting through the Northern Demon Zone though.]<br/>
Erika dusted off her upper body.<br/>
[But well…… That’s why I said that last night, that Erika is going to support both of you as much as I can.]<br/>
After Erika inhaled for a moment, she pointed to the back of the room with her thumb.<br/>
[There’s one thing I’d like to show you, alright?]<br/>
There’s another door in this room that leads to the back.<br/>
Erika pushed the double door open with both of her hands.<br/>
Following her, I also stepped into the room.<br/>
[This is……]<br/>
That thing seated in the center of the room was…<br/>
[A carriage?]<br/>
[Rather than a carriage, I think this should be more of a chariot.]<br/>
It’s not that tank which has those caterpillar wheels or a gun barrel.<br/>
This so-called chariot kind of looks like those so-called war wagons.<br/>
However, since the passenger seats area looks like that, it felt like it’s more of a “carriage” for me.<br/>
On the other hand though, it’s no wonder that Erika called this a “chariot”.<br/>
This is because its black frame looks like it’s clearly built to repel out enemies.<br/>
[This is the item Erika used when I entered the Demon Zone, the “Magical Chariot”…… I was storing just in case I needed to use it for when Runereed’s contract ends though……]<br/>
[Are you probably giving this to us?]<br/>
[What. Do you want me to say, “Looky here!? See this beauty!? Say, Touka. Don’t you feel envious seeing my chariot!?” or something like that!? What’s the use of showing off aside from useless self-satisfaction……]<br/>
I wonder if that small skit in between is necessary.<br/>
However……<br/>
[………………]<br/>
It has a fairly large frame.<br/>
I mean—– It stands out too much.<br/>
This will make it easier for monsters to find us while we’re on the move.<br/>
This isn’t suitable if we want to move inconspicuously.<br/>
However, there’s no way that Erika is unaware of this.<br/>
That means…<br/>
[Does this chariot have any special ability?]<br/>
[—–It has Recognition Obstruction.]<br/>
[You mean it has the ability to make this tank and its surrounding will be unrecognized by others?]<br/>
[Yes, I guess there’s nothing wrong with that explanation.]<br/>
Once again, I turned my attention back to the chariot.<br/>
[……I see.]<br/>
It’s ability certainly is exceptional.<br/>
[However, this magical chariot only has a third of its energy left. I used two-thirds of its energy when I came here.]<br/>
[And I guess we can’t just refill it huh.]<br/>
With her hand on her hips, Erika hung her head.<br/>
[Magic tools like this one are making use of those Secret Arts from ancient times, each of them doesn’t make use of the same energy. Therefore, I can’t make a magic tool with the same energy as this one. No…… Neither the method to make this nor some way to refill it with energy, this Anarveil couldn’t figure them out. It’s quite vexing, I must say.]<br/>
This is that so-called “lost technology” huh.<br/>
[So, is it alright to use the rest of its energy?]<br/>
[It’s alright. Erika will just figure out another way to escape from here.]<br/>
Erika approaches the chariot.<br/>
[The problem is that…… the magical creature that was pulling this magical chariot up here isn’t usable anymore once I arrived here. And it takes a huge amount of time to make something like that.]<br/>
That means…<br/>
[It will just be up to Slei huh.]<br/>
[I think that the third form of that mysterious magical beast would be able to do it……]<br/>
I’ve shown Slei’s third form a few days ago.<br/>
In the end, I didn’t gain any new information though.<br/>
However, it certainly seems that the Witch of Taboos is checking out the magical beast, to the point that she would check out under Slei’s tongue.<br/>
Erika puffs out her chest.<br/>
[In any case, wouldn’t it be appealing, being able to advance about halfway through the Northern Demon Zone without being found by monsters?]<br/>
[………………….]<br/>
It’s just a rough calculation but……<br/>
It may be possible to pass about halfway through the Northern Demon Zone without encountering monsters.<br/>
I must say this is definitely appealing.<br/>
We could also just abandon it after we got past the halfway point……<br/>
However, this magical chariot…… certainly looks quite aggressive.<br/>
I could also see a part that looks like it could shoot out spears.<br/>
According to Erika, it also has several offensive abilities in addition to its recognition obstruction.<br/>
Therefore, it may also depend on the usefulness of its offensive abilities whether we would abandon it or not.<br/>
[Other than this magical chariot, there are also other magic tools that were personally handcrafted by this Witch of Taboos. They’re still just experimental prototypes, so endurance might be an issue but…… Well, you can just pick out some that you can use and I’ll give them to you.]<br/>
[So, that’s what you’re looking for in that pile before huh.]<br/>
Apparently, that pile earlier was a pile of Erika’s handmade magic tools.<br/>
……They were sloppily piled up that I thought they were just junk.<br/>
[Most of them aren’t really intended for long-term use, so just think that they were limited use items.]<br/>
[They would be boosting our war potential so I would be really grateful even with that. By the way, can this tank be carried above ground?]<br/>
[Don’t make me laugh. I’m Erika Anarveil, remember? You think that I haven’t thought about that? Don’t worry, I will have the golems carry them.]<br/>
“Fuunnn…” she snorted.<br/>
[Well, that’s to be expected of you huh.]<br/>
[Ah, also…… When you’re going to slip into the army as mercenaries, you would name yourself as the “Fly King Squadron”, right?]<br/>
[? Yeah.]<br/>
[Hold on a second there.]<br/>
Saying so, Erika left the room.<br/>
After just a few moments, she returned with a golem in tow.<br/>
In their arms, they were holding unto what appears to be black clothing.<br/>
Erika unfolds one of them.<br/>
[While you’re at it, why don’t you try facing them with a bang?]<br/>
The robe that was unveiled certainly looks like…… it’s giving off an atmosphere that was perfect for the Fly King and his subordinates. <br/>
Unlike the Great Sage’s robe that I’m wearing right now, the robe presented to me certainly screams out like I’m the evil boss.<br/>
However, it doesn’t seem to be a bad match with my mask.<br/>
In fact, it increases my “evil boss” factor until the smallest detail.<br/>
[Did you scavenge this from the Demon Zone?]<br/>
[The materials are. Erika tailored this using those materials. I was actually going this to you when you’re about to leave but…. What do you think? Isn’t it cool?]<br/>
Her tone sounds somewhat excited.<br/>
I could also see some sparkles in her emotionless eyes.<br/>
Her breathing also sounds a bit wild.<br/>
She still doesn’t have a smile on her face as usual, but she looks happy.<br/>
I could also see some clothes that I think were fitted for Eve and Liz…….<br/>
I guess she originally liked tailoring clothes.<br/>
[Well, your hobby isn’t that bad.]<br/>
Erika shows me a lining in the robe.<br/>
How should I say this, it kind of looks like those mail order programs where things would be done with the push of a button.<br/>
[It’s not just about looks, you know? I also made this to be perfectly practical. These were weaved with Black Lion Spider thread, so it’s both durable and fireproof.]<br/>
Erika proudly continues her explanation.<br/>
I heard that she went through a lot of trouble making Seras and Eve’s coats.<br/>
I touched the injury in my shoulder, in which the pain has almost disappeared already.<br/>
If we had protective gear like that, we might be able to prevent taking injuries like this.<br/>
Moreover……<br/>
I compare my robe to the others’ coats.<br/>
[……………..]<br/>
It even had a uniformed appearance.<br/>
It can be said that our “Fly King Squadron” has finally become more like them.<br/>
“Alright.” I said as I held out my hand.<br/>
[Erika Anarveils’ handcrafted protective gears…… The “Fly King Squadron” will gratefully use them.]<br/>
<Author’s Notes><br/>
I’ve rewritten and edited this story several times, so it’s taken me a while to update it (sweat). Please accept my apologies. I remember writing about this somewhere before, but I feel like the less flashy the scenes are, the harder it is for me to write them….<br/>
In the time between our last update and this one, we’ve received another new review! Thank you very much. My points also reached 170000 before I knew it……  I will do my best to make it more interesting and to make the characters more appealing so that they can live up to expectations.<br/>
Also, thanks to your support, the manga has begun to be distributed today. The first chapter has been published in Comic Gardo. Uchiuchi Keyaki-sama, the one in charge of the composition, has been very magnificent in bringing life with her names (T/N: they’re the manga’s rough draft). Uyoshi Shou-sama, the one in charge of the illustrations, has the ability to strongly appeal to emotions with both delicacy and intensity. He’s also drawn really charming images. I strongly feel that the combination of Uchiuchi Keyaki-sama’s composition and Uyoshi Shou-sama’s illustrations has made this manga really attractive.<br/>
I’m thinking of updating the next story a little sooner… In the next episode, Touka and the others will now enter the Northern Demon Zone. I hope you will wait for a while until the next update.<br/>
