[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c175](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/175/)
<br/><br/>
Sceneries flew past our eyes.<br/>
The gloomy forest seems like it would go on forever.<br/>
Driving past the large trees that seems to block off the sunlight is a black chariot—–<br/>
—And pulling the chariot is a huge black horse with demonic horns, kicking off the earth with its thick hooves as the clear sound of its happy neigh resounded.<br/>
[It seems that…… It’s not a problem for Slei.]<br/>
A foothold installed on the roof of the chariot.<br/>
Standing there, I’m checking on Slei.<br/>
I was a little unsure if Slei could  pull this chariot.<br/>
However, once the cover on the chariot was removed, she was able to easily pull it.<br/>
It looks like her injuries are already fully healed.<br/>
The roof section of the chariot has a wide foothold.<br/>
It even has guardrails (?) installed, though they were a bit short.<br/>
Even if there were three people in the foothold, it doesn’t feel that cramped.<br/>
Therefore, I could encamp in this foothold while intercepting enemies.<br/>
I sat down.<br/>
[Are you sure you’re fine following me?]<br/>
I asked her as she sat next to me on her knees.<br/>
Keeping her gaze into the distance, she replied.<br/>
[It’s just like I said before we left. I will not change my mind.]<br/>
Eve Speed replied.<br/>
She’s going to accompany us in this reinforcement operation. <br/>
Initially, Seras never considered that Eve would accompany us.<br/>
“This is something I’m doing for my own reasons. Moreover…… Eve and Liz have already reached a safe place they could live in, so there’s no need for them to fight anymore.”<br/>
There were only two promises that Eve and I made with each other.<br/>
“Eve is going to tell me the whereabouts of the Witch of Taboos.”<br/>
“I’ll lend my strength to her, until Eve and Liz reach that place.”<br/>
These two promises have already been fulfilled.<br/>
Eve’s wish is just to live in peace with Liz.<br/>
Therefore, there’s no reason why she had to force herself to follow.<br/>
However, Eve said this…<br/>
“Let’s just say that I’ve already repaid Touka by leading you here with my magical map. However, I have yet to repay my debt to Seras.”<br/>
Eve continued.<br/>
“When I and Touka were fighting, it was Seras who was always looking out for Liz. That’s why we were able to fight without minding about Liz’s protection that much.”<br/>
In the end, she concluded it with the following words.<br/>
“For Speed Family’s honor, I will repay my debt to Seras Ashrain. And…… The time to repay that is now, Seras.”<br/>
There was an unwavering will in Eve’s voice.<br/>
She apparently wouldn’t accept any refusal from Seras.<br/>
I also understood Seras’ contribution while we’re in the Demon Zone.<br/>
Currently, that Seras is resting inside the carriage.<br/>
We had shifts in people scheduled on lookouts.<br/>
Eve’s eyes which were looking forward turned towards mine.<br/>
[If we’re going to pass through the Northern Demon Zone, I’m sure that Touka also thought it would be better if I’m here too, right?]<br/>
I looked away.<br/>
[Well, yeah.]<br/>
The benefits of having Eve’s eyes and ears at our disposal are certainly immense.<br/>
Especially when we’re going through a dangerous area like this.<br/>
[However, thinking about Liz’s feelings…… To be honest, I’m not sure whether I should really ask her to accompany us or not.]<br/>
[Fufu…… As a matter of fact, Liz and I had been discussing it together. About what should we do if Touka or Seras would need my strength in the future.]<br/>
And, this is what Liz apparently said.<br/>
“I’ve always dreamt of the day where Big Sister and I would live in happiness…… But if Big Sister wants to help achieve Touka-sama and Seras-sama’s happiness, I’ll support you, you know? I don’t think it’s good that it’s only us that were happy. I also want Touka-sama and Seras-sama to be happy too. Besides…… We wouldn’t be able achieve our happiness if Touka-sama and Seras-sama weren’t there, right? Therefore…… It will be alright for me, Big Sister.”<br/>
“Fuu…” A small smile came out of Eve’s mouth.<br/>
[Liz even said that “The only regret I have is that I can’t keep up with them, because I would end up being protected by everyone.”]<br/>
I clicked my tongue in response.<br/>
[……Liz really is too brave.]<br/>
She’s too sensible.<br/>
Liz is still a child.<br/>
It would have been good if she pulled Eve away from going along with us.<br/>
[Both Liz and I know how important it is to have someone we care about. And also, the frustration of not being able to help them when it matters…… If I don’t help you this time, I feel like I’ll regret it for the rest of my life.]<br/>
Before we left, I told Eve about the details of this reinforcement operation.<br/>
[Besides, Touka, the fact that Liz’s worries are lessened is mostly because of the presence of that magic tool.]<br/>
I placed my hand in my pocket.<br/>
[This one, huh.]<br/>
Gem of Teleportation.<br/>
A bright purple gem.<br/>
Inside this gem, I could also see several more small jewels.<br/>
Each of these jewels is carved with an intricate technique down to the smallest detail.<br/>
According to Erika, this is also a magic tool that makes use of ancient secret arts.<br/>
“Just once, you can send people and things within a certain area towards a place you designate.”<br/>
This was said to be a really valuable item that can even enter into the Magician Guild’s treasure trove.<br/>
Erika then said…<br/>
“This gem was supposed to have three uses, but I’ve already used up two of its charges. I was saving that last charge for an emergency evacuation if something went wrong after I left…… But after seeing Liz like that, I couldn’t keep quiet about its existence. Hah… It’s Erika’s fault for being too softhearted……”<br/>
—or something like that.<br/>
The Gem of Teleportation is a pair of gems working as one set.<br/>
First, you would activate one side of the gem and would be fixated into a designated spot.<br/>
Then, when you activate the other side, you would be transferred to the place where you designate the first half of the gem.<br/>
The fixated Gem of Teleportation was used in the corner of that house.<br/>
Then, we could send back Eve back to her home with this Gem of Teleportation even if the worst things were to happen.<br/>
[I wouldn’t expect that this gem alone to do more than reassure Liz.]<br/>
[I’ve already told you the same thing before, Eve.]<br/>
In a more detailed nuance, I said.<br/>
[If I judged that you’re in danger, I’ll be arbitrarily using this Gem of Teleportation.]<br/>
“Fuuu…” Eve fearlessly smiled.<br/>
[Then, I’ll just have to make sure that I don’t get hurt too badly.]<br/>
“Fuuunnn…” Snorting in response, I jokingly said.<br/>
[Yeah, you go do that.]<br/>
Though I say that, I think it would be nice if all of us could safely go back.<br/>
Incidentally, Eve has recently returned back to her Leopardkin appearance.<br/>
This is because she was a little less capable when she’s in her Human form.<br/>
Besides, there’s no need to hide this appearance in this place.<br/>
Therefore, it’s okay for her to stay in her Leopardkin form until we get through the Northern Demon Zone.<br/>
[Even so…… I didn’t know that you and that Goddess of Alion had such a connection.]<br/>
My connection with the Goddess.<br/>
It was only when we came into Erika’s home that she found out about this.<br/>
Originally, I’m only planning to associate with Eve and Liz until we arrived at the Witch’s home.<br/>
Therefore, as far as I was concerned, I didn’t think that they would need to know about that……<br/>
In the end though, I ended up revealing it after that happened.<br/>
[If you had been able to use those Forbidden Curses before we departed…… After this reinforcement operation, did you intend to challenge Alion’s Goddess while she’s nearby, Touka?]<br/>
[I knew Erika couldn’t read the letters written in the spellbook back when I first showed her the spellbook…… Therefore, I knew that it wasn’t going to be an option.]<br/>
[Mhmm? I was also there when Erika saw that Spellbook of Incantations of yours…… But how did you know that Erika couldn’t read it at that time?]<br/>
[It’s because of where she’s looking at.]<br/>
[Where she’s looking at?]<br/>
[When I showed her the Spellbook of Incantations, Erika spread it out and checked it, didn’t she?]<br/>
[Umu.]<br/>
[When I first looked at it, I can also see a sentence in the Spellbook of Incantations that I could understand…… And if she can read what it said, her line of sight would have “looked like she’s reading it”. However, Erika’s eyes may have held interest as she looked towards it, she wasn’t looking like she was reading at all.]<br/>
[U- umu…… It seems you’ve observed her that thoroughly huh…… ]<br/>
[It’s just that she doesn’t look like she’s “reading” but more like she’s judging whether it was real or fake. What I mean is,  she may possibly have some kind of information to determine if it’s really a Spellbook of Incantation, but she couldn’t read it herself—– or so that’s what I thought at that time.]<br/>
You would usually think that she may have “read” the Spellbook of Incantations.<br/>
After all, if she couldn’t read it, she wouldn’t have been able to do what she was doing.<br/>
Therefore…<br/>
[Erika probably knows someone who can read the Spellbook of Incantations…… And, I think that the reason why she wanted to take some time to assess my character was to make sure if it’s really alright for me to see him. So, before we left her home, I tried confirming my thoughts with the person herself. And then—-]<br/>
[It went exactly as you thought huh.]<br/>
[Yeah.]<br/>
That’s why I wasn’t able to learn the Forbidden Curses before going into this reinforcement operation.<br/>
Therefore, I think I should still try to avoid having my identity found out by the other party.<br/>
We need to move like that this time.<br/>
[Fumu… However, Erika said she would give you the information if you could make her trust you…… In the end, were those words turned to be true?]<br/>
I placed my hand in my pocket again.<br/>
[It seems that—– I somehow got her trust.]<br/>
That “thing” she lent to me was sewn into the lining of my clothes.<br/>
[She told me about a certain place. It seems that there’s a Demi-Human race called the Forbidden race. And Erika gave me the “key ” to get into that place.]<br/>
(T/N: 禁字族 / Kinjizoku)<br/>
Her ears twitching, Eve responded.<br/>
[That place she’s talking about, don’t tell me—–]<br/>
[Erika said something about “The Faraway Country”…… Did you know about that?]<br/>
[Umu. However, I thought that it was just a legend……]<br/>
[Apparently, in order for people to pass through their “gate” from outside their country, it would be necessary to have either of the two Divine Beasts living in this continent…… On the other hand though, Erika possesses the key that would let her go through the gates, given to her by the king of that country long ago.]<br/>
[Umu, so that’s how it was. If that’s the case, no wonder Erika is being cautious about whether she should give that to you or not……]<br/>
[Basically, Erika is just a good-hearted person……]<br/>
After spending some time with her, I understood.<br/>
She really may have a pessimistic view of this world.<br/>
However, she still hasn’t given up believing in others yet.<br/>
That’s the way I see her though.<br/>
It’s probably just because she’s already accepted us—– Or perhaps, it was just because she still wanted to believe in someone.<br/>
[……………….]<br/>
Therefore…… Erika is too kind.<br/>
She holds a more cool-headed opinion towards Evil compared to Eve and Liz.<br/>
However, I feel like she also held some ruthlessness within her.<br/>
She wishes… that she could believe…<br/>
That every person has some good will in their hearts.<br/>
However, there are scum in the world that can’t be saved anymore.<br/>
Returning wickedness in the face of good will is something common everywhere.<br/>
Eventually, Erika trusted me and lent me this “key”.<br/>
Kind.<br/>
Too kind.<br/>
For this reason—– I took a liking to Erika.<br/>
Yes, because of this kindness……<br/>
I think I’m starting to find this feeling likeable.<br/>
Whether it’s from Seras…<br/>
Or Eve…<br/>
Or even from Liz…<br/>
They all have pure good will.<br/>
“Pure good will.”<br/>
That’s a wonderful virtue that my Uncle’s family had.<br/>
There’s no way I could deny that.<br/>
And those who have pure goodwill should be protected.<br/>
That’s, at least, what I believe.<br/>
However, there are really poisonous beings in the world that cannot be detoxified, even by the most potent antidotes.<br/>
There certainly are evil people that preys upon those who held goodwill.<br/>
In that case—— To those who held poison, you need poison to control them.<br/>
Let an evil person eat those who were evil.<br/>
Yes…<br/>
Whenever we’re dealing with evil people, we should just have someone who were also evil, like me, to deal with them.<br/>
Our chariot continues to plunge forward in this gloomy forest.<br/>
[………………….]<br/>
Inadvertently, a smile appeared on my face.<br/>
Well…<br/>
[There’s the fact that it feels really good to beat the sh*t out of those scumbags……]<br/>
I must admit, even I held some brutality within me.<br/>
[Mhmm? Beating the schwat……? Touka, what in the world are you talking about now—-]<br/>
[Eve.]<br/>
[U- Umu.]<br/>
Eve’s arms tightened a bit as her body stood in attention.<br/>
Staring at the slightly cloudy empty space in front of us, I said.<br/>
[In this reinforcement operation, my priority is to keep both of you alive. Therefore, this Gem of Teleportation…… No matter how I use this, don’t bear a grudge at me.]<br/>
▽<br/>
Thus, the magical chariot that was given to us by the Witch of Taboos,while making sure that Slei takes some sufficient rest in between, ran through about half of the Northern Demon Zone just as planned.<br/>
▽<br/>
[Thanks to Slei’s running speed and this magical chariot’s Recognition Obstruction, it looks like we’ll be able to arrive there much earlier than we planned……]<br/>
Putting away the map, I knelt down on the foothold in the roof.<br/>
To my sides are my two companions wearing black outfits.<br/>
Seras Ashrain.<br/>
Eve Speed.<br/>
And, I have my slime partner on my shoulder.<br/>
Pulling our chariot is a black horse magical beast with large demonic horns.<br/>
On the slope a little further ahead of us, the swelling vegetations burst open.<br/>
[Giiiiiiiissssssshhhhhiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh——!]<br/>
A huge Golden-eyed monster jumped out of the way.<br/>
Our chariot’s special ability, Recognition Obstruction, has already run out.<br/>
From hereafter, our battle with the monsters of the Northern Demon Zone begins.<br/>
Seras points her pre-wounded crossbow slantly forward.<br/>
On the other hand, Eve held up a weapon that had a long chain and a spiked iron ball on its end.<br/>
Both of these weapons were brought out of the Witch’s home.<br/>
Just as I instructed her, Slei continues to run forward without stopping.<br/>
[Just keep on running forward, Slei…… You don’t have to worry, we will eliminate any monsters that stand in your path.]<br/>
If they’re going to attack us, we’re not going to let them get away with it.<br/>
While measuring the range in between me and the monster, I held out my right arm forward.<br/>
[Well then——]<br/>
Seras and Eve take up their positions.<br/>
[Let’s get started, shall we?]<br/>
