[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c176](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/176/)
<br/><br/>
<Sogou Ayaka POV><br/>
The Great Demon Emperor appeared in the east.<br/>
The Goddess frowned upon learning this news.<br/>
Oyamada leans out from behind the carriage.<br/>
[Hey hey hey Goddess-chan!? That’s the last boss, right!? Isn’t this quite a pinch!? Is this the end already!? The eastern bunch over there, are you dead yet!?]<br/>
Riding on his horse, Yasu crossed his arms.<br/>
[Fumu, this is that pattern where Hijiri and Itsuki bit more than they could chew huh. Thinking about the casts, I guess this is where those twins’ roles end up.]<br/>
I gulped down.<br/>
(The big boss of the enemies came out……)<br/>
[One of the most unfortunate things in the world is that those who really wield power don’t get to use their power. There’s a good chance that this kind of loss is something we won’t be able to make up sooner or later……]<br/>
Riding his horse next to the Goddess, Kirihara said as if he’s insinuating something.<br/>
[There’s no hero as unfortunate as me. On the contrary though, the opportunities have been really in favor for Hijiri. Vysis, you know what I’m worrying about, don’t you?]<br/>
[I have some things to think about, so could you please shut up?]<br/>
[That’s because the Great Demon Emperor is more of a small fry than I expected, and he’s going to be defeated by Hijiri at this rate.]<br/>
Even though the Goddess said that, Kirihara still voiced out his concerns.<br/>
[Now that Sogou has been eliminated, the battle for the top has eventually went down to just Hijiri and I. It would have been fine…… but it’s really boring if this were settled by your favoritism with Hijiri. I’d have to say that’s extremely a killjoy.]<br/>
Clicking his tongue, Kirihara sighs.<br/>
[Because these weaklings are really idiotic…… The only way to make them realize our difference is to confront them with results that were easy for their meagre minds to understand. However…… I guess it would be too much of a scam for the strong people to eve be given a chance to produce those results.]<br/>
Leaning forward on her horse, the Goddess covered her mouth with her hand.<br/>
“Fumu…” After a few moments of silence, it seems that the Goddess reached some sort of decision.<br/>
[In that case—– Shall we head east, Kirihara-san?]<br/>
Kirihara brushed his hair behind his back.<br/>
He then looked like he heard something that should have been obvious.<br/>
[We’ll just have to hope that it’s still not too late before we arrive……]<br/>
Agito leads his horse towards the Goddess.<br/>
[Are you going to come too, Vysis?]<br/>
[I can’t deny that I’m feeling like I’m dancing at the palm of the Great Demon Emperor, but we can’t afford to not take any actions, don’t you think? Even though we have the Takao Sisters and the White Wolf Knights fighting in that place, it’s a different story if the Great Demon Emperor himself is involved.]<br/>
[Do you think we could get there now and make it in time?]<br/>
[We’ll be using the magic horse.] (T/N:  魔導馬 / madouba.)<br/>
Before we left Alion, I had already been briefed about this magic horse.<br/>
It is said to be a special horse created by the combined wisdom of the Goddess and the Magician’s Guild.<br/>
A magic horse can move much faster than a normal fast horse.<br/>
However, they were quite precious because there are only a few of these magic horses.<br/>
Apparently, only a few of them were deployed to each army in this war.<br/>
[It will just be me and Kirihara-san who will be meeting up with the Eastern Army.]<br/>
[Are you just going to leave and the rest of the Heroes here in the Southern Army?]<br/>
[Urza’s army, which was already in standby in the southeast, is also heading east as reinforcements.]<br/>
Other than the three armies deployed in the west, south and east, there are two other armies that were deployed in the Magnar territory.<br/>
There are two armies: Urza’s army in the southeast and Mira’s army in the southwest.<br/>
These two armies were scheduled to move as reinforcements as the battle progressed.<br/>
[You’re thinking that this movement by the Great Demon Emperor himself might have been a trap, huh?]<br/>
[Since the movements of the Western and Eastern Invasion Force are somehow unsettling, I have decided that the Southern Army should also remain as they are. However, as I mentioned earlier, we can’t exactly ignore the Great Demon Emperor either.]<br/>
(T/N: It was southern instead of eastern that the author wrote. I thought it might have been a mistake, so I wrote eastern there instead.)<br/>
Is it to show the enemies how composed we are?<br/>
A smile appeared on the Goddess’ lips.<br/>
However, her eyes weren’t smiling at all.<br/>
The Goddess instructed the others to prepare the magic horse immediately.<br/>
After that, she began giving instructions to the generals of Alion’s army.<br/>
It’s not that I’d say as expected of a Goddess, but she does it with speed and accuracy.<br/>
In the midst of that, Oyamada and Yasu slightly grumbled that they should also take them along.<br/>
However, they were easily persuaded by the Goddess.<br/>
After that, the Goddess gathered the Four Revered Saints and the Dragonslayer once more.<br/>
When the instructions to the various sections had been settled, Agito asked the Goddess.<br/>
[You’re not taking Ayaka Sogou with you? As recorded in the past, it seems to me that the power of the highest ranking Heroes are essential to defeating the Root of All Evil.]<br/>
[Fortunately, there are three S-Ranks members this time, so I’m sure it’ll be fine. Besides…… Thinking about it, is Sogou-san really worth it to expend that precious magic horse……? It’s beyond unusual for someone who reached her level to not learn her inherent skill. Perhaps, her peculiar tree, in itself, is her unique skill.]<br/>
Placing her hand on her cheek, the Goddess heavily sighs.<br/>
[Actually, once this battle settles down, I’m thinking of arbitrarily demoting Sogou-san to B-Rank.]<br/>
The Goddess wistfully places her hand on her chest.<br/>
[It seems that the crystal could also make wrong judgements…… Well, if there’s too much of a difference between her and the other two S-Ranks, the people around her will be confused. It can’t be helped. I’m the one who judged her as one, so I graciously admit the fault. Sogou-san’s S-Rank judgement was a mistake. Those who were entrusted with judging others must sometimes have the courage to admit their mistakes and apologize. There’s nothing wrong with that, is there, Sogou-san? I doubt there’d be any though……]<br/>
I emotionlessly replied.<br/>
[Yes.]<br/>
[I respect that attitude of not needlessly arguing against it. Ummm…… I’m really sorry for all these harsh words I’ve said to you. However, it’s all because I’ve had high hopes for you, an S-Rank Hero. But, I’m not going to say anything more to the B-Rank you. From now on, do you best to live with the light-colored Heroes who may have taken away your opportunity to grow stronger. I have been warning you again and again out of kindness…… but in this world, no matter how hard you think you try, it will all be meaningless if you don’t get results. How should I say this—–]<br/>
The Goddess sent me a sad smile.<br/>
Somehow, it feels like she’s pushing me away.<br/>
[Thank you so much for all your hard work so far.]<br/>
A soldier came to tell them that the magic horses were ready.<br/>
The Goddess gave back her horse and headed for the tent where the magic horses had been prepared.<br/>
Pulling the reins of his horse, Kirihara changed the direction where he’s facing.<br/>
Glancing towards me, he said as if he’s speaking to me.<br/>
[My misfortune certainly isn’t something you can overlook, but it seems that the different world isn’t as bad as I thought. Little by little, I can feel the difference between the real thing and the counterfeits is starting to become clearer…… I’m really tired of that ambiguity in our previous world, but in this world, we still have to draw the line between the strong and the weak.]<br/>
Brimming with a silent courage, Kirihara looked towards the eastern skies.<br/>
[If you really get killed by Hijiri now, I’ll have to question your sanity, Great Demon Emperor……]<br/>
Muttering to himself, Kirihara places his hand on the hilt of his sword.<br/>
[If I’m going to show everyone the difference between the real king, Kirihara and these small fries, there’s no one better suited to this task than you…… killing the Great Demon Emperor, there can be no one but me—– it can’t be anyone but me.]<br/>
▽<br/>
After the Goddess and Kirihara left, Oyamada clapped his hands.<br/>
[Buhyahyahyahyahyahya! Wait Ayaka, seriously!? That seriously happened!? B~ B~ B~ B~ B-Rank Demotion~!  The greatest fall in the century has happened~! Giiieeehhhh, this is that time, don’t you think!? This is where Ayaka-senpai would compete with her erotic seductive techniques, right!? Hieeeeeeeehhh, this could work! Too hot! Too passionate! You’re starting to burn meeee!]<br/>
[……Shogou-sa, I have something to say about Takuto but…]<br/>
[Hah?]<br/>
The one who spoke to Oyamada was Murota Erii.<br/>
She’s a gyaru who stands out the most among the girls in Kirihara’s group.<br/>
Previously, Kirihara had used a monster with an amputated limb as bait to summon other monsters.<br/>
At that time, it’s that girl who was drawn away as she said “Wait, a- aren’t you overdoing it?”<br/>
[Don’t you think that Takuto has been acting really weird since we came to this world?]<br/>
[Huh? Is that so?]<br/>
[I mean, who the heck talks like that? When he was back in our previous world, he wasn’t very talkative, but I thought he was kind of cool like that…… I thought he was really cool when he speaks only when necessary……]<br/>
[That may be the case, but this isn’t the world we lived in before, don’t you think that his change might be necessary? Or perhaps, it’s just that his true nature that he had been holding back has been released! —Or something like that? Even in manga, it’s like those protagonists who awaken when he’s in a pinch.]<br/>
[No, I don’t know whether he’s really just hiding his true nature or something like that but…… Even Yasu looks like he’s swayed by the change that it’s a little disgusting. Even Asagi has turned slightly creepy since we came here……]<br/>
I also felt uncomfortable with their sudden changes.<br/>
There are several students who have certainly changed since we’ve come here in a different world.<br/>
Oyamada said that they may just be their “true natures”.<br/>
When the Heroes were summoned, was there some kind of ability at work that brought out their hidden true natures?<br/>
[You look like you’ve got something on your mind, are you okay?]<br/>
Banewolf led his horse beside Ayaka.<br/>
He then glanced in the direction where the Goddess left.<br/>
[As always, the Goddess’ comments are harsh. Well, I just don’t like the idea that results are everything……]<br/>
Banewolf offers a doto stick to me.<br/>
I politely refused though.<br/>
He brought the doto stick he offered into his own mouth.<br/>
[Regardless of the outcome, if you’ve worked hard at something…… I think you still deserve some credit for that.]<br/>
Banewolf shrugs.<br/>
[You see, I’m a lazy ass by nature, aren’t I? From how a lazy ass like me looks at it, it’s easy to see how difficult it is to work really hard. Well…… that’s why Sogou-chan and her group, who have been working really hard, should be praised.]<br/>
A slight smile appeared from my lips.<br/>
[It seems like Bane-san is the type who’d look after someone for the long run.]<br/>
Scratching his head, Banewolf turned towards where we will be marching now.<br/>
[It’s easier for me when I’m not asked for results in a hurry…… But well, I don’t want to burden you, but I guess the Goddess can’t afford to watch you grow over a long period of time.]<br/>
[Thank you for your concerns.]<br/>
Standing tall on her horse, I face forward.<br/>
[However, I’m fine. It’s not that it isn’t difficult, but I’m starting to understand how to treat the Goddess. If I don’t refute her, her scoldings would end sooner.]<br/>
Banewolf looks at me like he’s impressed.<br/>
[To be honest, it’s frustrating that I wasn’t blessed with inherent skills. However, it’s not like I’m completely helpless at all. My level has increased and I’ve honed my skills. Yes, I’m sure……]<br/>
While holding the reins, I look behind me.<br/>
Suou Kayako is following a little behind me.<br/>
The Heroes in my group are looking at us anxiously in the carriage.<br/>
[I’m sure that I’m not so helpless that I can’t protect anyone.]<br/>
Banewolf follows my gaze.<br/>
[Being optimistic is good.]<br/>
[I didn’t work hard just to get the praise from the Goddess. I’ve always been working hard to get back to our world together with everyone…… and to protect everyone, I must persevere. And if it really was as the Goddess says, after this battle ends……]<br/>
I jokingly said.<br/>
[I’m still an S-Rank Hero.]<br/>
<Takao Itsuki POV><br/>
[——–<Wind>———]<br/>
Razor-sharp gusts of wind wildly raged, it’s like a rampage of countless kamaitachis.<br/>
(T/N: kamaitachi = sickle weasel)<br/>
The other monsters were being swallowed in the whirlwind of confusion as the monster rolled over and clutched unto its slashed throat<br/>
A boisterous dance of tyrannical wind blades tremendously slashed through the charging forces of the Great Demon Emperor.<br/>
As splashes of blood scattered everywhere, the enemy’s formation which had barely held on, completely collapsed without a hint of resistance.<br/>
The monsters’ screams of agony covering the area in a deafening chorus.<br/>
It was the very image of hell.<br/>
Even though they’re monsters, the sight of their bodies being mercilessly chopped in thousand pieces, even if they were our enemies, I still couldn’t help but feel sorry for it.<br/>
In the end, all the monsters within the range sank into the sea of blood.<br/>
Elder sister, Takao Hijiri was gazing at this scene without any change in her expression.<br/>
Far behind her were the retreating White Wolf Knights, Magnar’s Army and Alion’s Army.<br/>
Hijiri was working as the rear guard of these retreating armies.<br/>
Moving behind my Elder Sister’s back with my inherent skill, I conveyed the order to my sister.<br/>
[Elder Sister, the Commander said that it’s about time for us to retreat!]<br/>
Elder Sister lowers down her arms.<br/>
[Alright.]<br/>
Holding Elder Sister in my arms, I use the increase in velocity of my inherent skill, <No. 1> to catch up with the White Wolf Knights.<br/>
The horse that was supposed to be what my Elder Sister is riding ran away, perhaps out of sheer terror.<br/>
Therefore, Hijiri straddles on a spare horse that has lost its owner.<br/>
I also remounted on my own horse.<br/>
As our horses began to run, the man at the rear end of the retreating knights slowed down and led his horse next to Elder Sister.<br/>
[It seems that you’re safe, Hijiri.]<br/>
[Yeah, somehow.]<br/>
The man in black knightly attire running alongside us—– Sigurd Sigmus looks behind us.<br/>
[The inherent skill of a Hero really is terrifyingly powerful…… It seems similar to the wind system attack magic, but its power is on another level.]<br/>
[It’s not like I can release it indefinitely though, because it’s intensely consuming my MP.]<br/>
[The name of your inherent skill is quite simpler than mine, don’t you think, Elder Sister……? My skill is quite lengthy and it’s honestly quite troublesome……]<br/>
[The shorter the name, the faster it is to activate after all.]<br/>
[I’m not really familiar with them, but according to Elder Sister, these names looks like they’d appear in a game or something?]<br/>
[If it’s just as the Goddess says, the concept of Status Displays and Levelling up is based on the culture of the world we were in…… the role-playing games. In that case, I wonder if the skill names were based on a game as well.]<br/>
[Fuunnn……]<br/>
At that moment, Sigurd turned towards us with a grim face.<br/>
[It’s enemy reinforcements.]<br/>
A herd of Ghoul Horses emerged from the corner in the road of this wide valley.<br/>
The herd rushed forward, trampling upon the corpses of its companions.<br/>
The Ogre Soldiers straddling on the horses were holding a large machete in their hands.<br/>
They held more speed than our horses, so the distance between us is gradually decreasing.<br/>
Elder Sister suddenly jumped off her horse.<br/>
[You don’t even give me a moment to catch my breath huh. Well, that’s fine.]<br/>
Sigurd stops his horse and walks up next to Elder Sister.<br/>
[Can you use your inherent skills to knock down those in front?]<br/>
[Yeah.]<br/>
[Then, you can leave the enemies after that to my knights. I don’t know what we’ll have to face in front of us. If our abilities have limited amount of shots we could make use of, we should try saving them up for more important battles.]<br/>
After a pause, Elder Sister replies.<br/>
[I understand. In that case, I’ll leave this one to you.]<br/>
Sigurd unsheathes his sword.<br/>
[Diaris’ squad will continue advancing, the rest of the squad, shift directions! After Hijiri Takao unleashes her inherent skill, we’ll charge in! I’m sure that you all were aware of this already, but you need to fight with the influence of the Tyrant’s Miasma firmly in mind!]<br/>
Those in white knightly attire…<br/>
[YEAH!]<br/>
—rallied in high spirits.<br/>
Then, they aligned themselves in a row to the left and right of Sigurd.<br/>
[……I’m not going to let Sis fight alone.]<br/>
A bit of a distance behind Elder Sister, I faced towards the Great Demon Emperor’s Army vigorously surging towards us.<br/>
[<Lightning Shifter>——]<br/>
(T/N: Lightning, strike here. But damn, her skill sure is wordy. That’s 11 syllables if she’s saying the chant below instead of just saying “Lightning Shifter”. Well, it still have 4 syllables, plus the unlock chant.)<br/>
Lightning flowers began bursting open into a full bloom around me.<br/>
[<Unlock Three>]<br/>
(T/N: Third step, unlock)<br/>
The next few chapters would mostly be from Sogou Ayaka’s POV.<br/>
-LazyCat<br/>
