[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c178](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/178/)
<br/><br/>
Immediately after the sound of something sharply piercing through the wind rang out—- I found Seras’ arrow pierced on a monster’s forehead.<br/>
The monster that was about to leap towards u lost its momentum as it tumbled down on the ground.<br/>
Eve’s iron ball brought along the sound of chains as it flew in the air.<br/>
The spikes covering the iron ball dug into the monster’s face and snapped its neck.<br/>
Skillfully making use of the centrifugal force, Eve pulls back her iron ball.<br/>
The rumbling of the horse’s hooves rang as she rushed forward with the four wheels in tow.<br/>
The black horse with horns runs through the demonic forest regardless of how bad the roads are.<br/>
A large monster resembling a hippopotamus came charging from behind us.<br/>
Seras tried shooting an arrow, but its skin is too tough for her arrow to pierce.<br/>
[<Paralyze>]<br/>
Stopping its movement with paralysis, we left this hippo-like monster behind.<br/>
The huge wheels of our chariot continued to spin as it powerfully tread on the ground.<br/>
The bushes behind us, diagonally to my right began to intensely rustle at the same time.<br/>
A big tree suddenly got blown off the ground.<br/>
Immediately after…<br/>
Raising an ear-piercing roar, a humongous gray horned gorilla jumped out.<br/>
Golden eyes filled with cruelty.<br/>
Strings of saliva gleamed in the sun as it showed its fiendish fangs.<br/>
Its height probably reaches up to eight meters.<br/>
Smaller monsters of the same species appear a little after the humongous gorilla.<br/>
A group of them are now chasing after our chariot at a frightening speed.<br/>
……Within this distance, my <Paralyze> won’t be able to reach the rear most gorilla.<br/>
[<Berserk>]<br/>
[Gugogaaaaahhhh!]<br/>
The humongous gorilla leading their pack suddenly turned around and charged at its companions behind it.<br/>
The following flock was suddenly thrown into chaos and they began collapsing.<br/>
That humongous gorilla was probably their boss.<br/>
But, their boss suddenly began attacking them.<br/>
It’s probably really confusing for them.<br/>
Behind me—– In front of the chariot, a hoarse, strange voice resounded.<br/>
The owner of the strange voice is a monster. <br/>
Waiting on the branches of the tree ahead of us, an insect-shaped monster jumped towards Slei.<br/>
However, Eve skillfully swung her iron ball and swatted the bug away.<br/>
[Leave the smaller monsters to Seras and I.]<br/>
[……Yeah, I’m counting on you.]<br/>
Monsters were attacking from all directions.<br/>
We have to quickly respond in all of these directions while making sure to protect each other’s backs.<br/>
Seras shoots an arrow.<br/>
[As for those large monsters and those in large groups, I’ll leave it to you, Touka-dono!]<br/>
[Gyoogieehhh!]<br/>
A purple imp clung onto the railing beside the chariot.<br/>
Drawing out her sword, Seras leaps toward the side foodhold…<br/>
[Guueeeehhh!?]<br/>
—and thrusts her sword into the imp’s head,<br/>
The imp who had lost its strength was shaken off the railings and fell off, vanishing from our sight.<br/>
[?]<br/>
Seras covers her nose.<br/>
[This smell……?]<br/>
The imp’s blood had melted some of the railings.<br/>
It seems that its blood had turned into acid.<br/>
[As expected of the Northern Demon Zone, even dislikeable monsters were in this place.]<br/>
Ahead of us.<br/>
Two golden-eyed unicorn-like beasts appeared running on the left and right, as if they’re planning to corner us in between them.<br/>
These two unicorn-like beasts have multiple eyes and an ominous green smoke was fuming out from its mouth.<br/>
My Abnormal State Skill—- is still out of range.<br/>
Fwoooshhh!<br/>
The horns of the unicorn-like beasts shot out at the same time.<br/>
They flew out while rotating.<br/>
It’s like they’re flying drills.<br/>
Their aim was—- Slei huh.<br/>
Just as I was about to prompt her to evade, Slei swung her large horns.<br/>
[Guruuuaaahhh!]<br/>
Slei easily flicked away the horns that the enemies shot.<br/>
The unicorn-like beasts who had their attacks blocked began regenerating their horns.<br/>
A new horn was sprouting from the depths of the hole where their horns used to be.<br/>
However, Seras and Eve will not allow it to send another attack.<br/>
One of them was tripped over by Seras as she pierced its legs with an arrow.<br/>
Meanwhile, the other horse was crushed by Eve’s iron ball.<br/>
However, it happened right after that.<br/>
Perhaps, because she flicked off the enemies’ attacks, Slei temporarily lost her balance.<br/>
The carriage leaped up high.<br/>
[Guh—-!?]<br/>
Eve’s body flew up the air and was thrown out of the chariot.<br/>
[Pigimaru.]<br/>
[Pigii!]<br/>
Quicker than I could fully say it, Pigimaru turned some of his body into a roped and chased after Eve.<br/>
Grab!<br/>
The rope-shaped Pigimaru wrapped around Eve’s body.<br/>
[Alright.]<br/>
We’ve caught her.<br/>
Leaning forward, I fixated my body on the railings of the chariot as I grabbed unto Pigimaru.<br/>
Then, I pulled Pigimaru as hard as I could.<br/>
Eve is then pulled back to the foothold on the roof.<br/>
[Thanks for the help, Touka.]<br/>
[When you fall, Pigimaru and I will just pull you up. That’s why, you could fight to your heart’s content.]<br/>
Eve regains her grip on the iron ball and chain weapon of hers as she stands up.<br/>
[Umu, I’ll be relying on you on that.]<br/>
Pigimaru’s second enhancement.<br/>
What has visibly improved was his “strength”.<br/>
Until now, it has been impossible for him to lift more than a certain amount of weight.<br/>
The only thing he could do was to help me climb up a tree.<br/>
But now, he can pull even the combined weight of Eve and her iron ball weapon.<br/>
Of course, it will still require my own strength to pull her up.<br/>
However, thanks to my status correction, it was possible for me to lift Eve and her iron ball if I put all of my strength into my pull.<br/>
Fwishh<br/>
I rewrapped Pigimaru around my arm.<br/>
[……With his strength, I feel like I could move around like a certain spiderman.]<br/>
Incidentally, the range of my skill didn’t expand yet because we’re not really “fusioned”.<br/>
Fusing with Pigimaru should only be used when I think it’s time.<br/>
If I use that technique, Pigimaru will be inactive for a while after.<br/>
I must properly discern the timing of using it.<br/>
The same can be said for my <Slow>.<br/>
Due to the relationship between its MP consumption and cooldown time, it isn’t possible for me to just randomly use it.<br/>
Nevertheless, it’s reassuring to know that I have two cards hidden under my sleeves.<br/>
There are also the other magical tools that Erika gave me, as well as the weapons that this chariot itself had.<br/>
[After all, I’ve been able to fight all these opponents with just some of my Abnormal State Skills so far…… I guess it’s just as Erika said, it’s also not that good to overestimate my enemies that much……]<br/>
It’s also a good way for our team to work together.<br/>
Seras calls out behind me.<br/>
[Touka-dono.]<br/>
[Yeah.]<br/>
It feels like Seras is waiting for an ascertaining response.<br/>
Feeling the presence of another monster, I began preparing to unleash my skills.<br/>
[Like before, let’s run through them in one charge.]<br/>
