[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c179](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/179/)
<br/><br/>
<Author’s Note><br/>
As I reported the other day, “I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything” came in 9th place in the BookWalker’s “Next Big Light Novel Hit” 2019: Bunkobon. I wrote that I was honored just to be nominated, but I was very surprised to hear that I made it into the top 10. Once again, I’d like to express my deepest gratitude. I’d like to take this opportunity to thank all those who voted for us (I think it’s a lot of work to cast a single vote…). Thank you very much.<br/>
Also, the second chapter of the manga have been published in Comic Garde. The final scene is very coolly drawn, both in composition and art. Please also check that out.<br/>
And I’m very sorry for the delay in updating these days due to various things other than other work. In terms of content, I was struggling a bit to write it. However, I’ve finished it for the time being… I hope you’ll enjoy it (albeit with some surprises).<br/>
<Sogou Ayaka POV><br/>
Early in the morning.<br/>
There’s a thick morning mist looming in the air outside.<br/>
The Heroes were now ready to leave the castle.<br/>
The armies of the other countries are also slowly preparing to depart.<br/>
I’ve already finished my preparations early and left my room.<br/>
[Ayaka-chan.]<br/>
I saw Minamino Moe waiting outside.<br/>
Behind her were the other members of my group.<br/>
[I guess you guys are also ready to go.]<br/>
[Umm… Ayaka-chan.]<br/>
Moe looks like she’s having some difficulty saying something.<br/>
I gently urged her to speak.<br/>
[You don’t have to hold yourself back. Feel free to speak, okay? I was the class president, you can ask me anything.]<br/>
[The reason why Ayaka-chan is being demoted to B-Rank, it must have been our fault, right?]<br/>
[Eh?]<br/>
[We were getting in the way of Ayaka’s growth…… Therefore, we all decided that we have to, at least, apologize.]<br/>
Moe looks like she’s on the verge of sobbing.<br/>
I just smiled at them and shook my head.<br/>
[It’s not everyone’s fault. Besides…… I don’t think I could have made it this far if I was alone.]<br/>
(In terms of feelings, I’m sure that I won’t be able to endure it…)<br/>
My everyday life is suddenly taken away by this otherworld summoning.<br/>
I was anxious.<br/>
However, I have my duties that I need to fulfill.<br/>
As the class president, it’s my duty to protect everyone.<br/>
[It’s because I want to protect everyone…… It’s because everyone is here that I’m able to come this far. That’s why, Minamino-san doesn’t need to apologize.]<br/>
[……Ayaka-chan, you’ve always been really kind, haven’t you?]<br/>
Kayako Suou puts her hand on Moe’s shoulder.<br/>
[That’s also why surviving this battle is really important, even if it’s for the sake of Sogou-san.]<br/>
[Un…… I’m going to do my best so I don’t become a burden to Ayaka-chan…… I will do my best.]<br/>
Filled with determination on her face, Moe wiped away her tears.<br/>
[Igiieeeeiiiiieeeeeeeeiiinnnneeeeeeeerororrororororoiiiiihhihihiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeieiiieeeeeeeegiiieeeeeeeeiiiiinnneeeeeeerorororororooiiiihhhhiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhh————!]<br/>
A strange sound resembling a scream, reverberated throughout the area.<br/>
[……Eh? What?]<br/>
It didn’t come from the direction of the Demon Zone.<br/>
(I feel like I heard that sound just now coming from inside the ramparts……)<br/>
Moe who had shrunk her body in response to that scream, looked towards the window.<br/>
[Maybe it’s those black dragons that the people from Bakuos brought……?]<br/>
Kayako asks me a question.<br/>
[Could it be that the Great Demon Emperor’s army is attacking?]<br/>
[I heard that the enemy’s Southern Invasion Army hasn’t even reached near Synod yet, so I don’t think that’s the case…… And if there really was any major movement from them, I’m sure that the royal capital, where the White Wolf King and the others are, will send some information……]<br/>
Though I said that, I’m not entirely sure.<br/>
I obviously wouldn’t know everything about our enemies.<br/>
Perhaps, they have some kind of really awesome magic or some kind of method to teleport their horde.<br/>
I exchange glances with Moe.<br/>
[A- Ayaka-chan…… This is….]<br/>
(An earthquake?)<br/>
The ground is faintly vibrating.<br/>
Almost at the same time, the people inside the castle suddenly became hurried.<br/>
All of us leaned outside the window to see what was going on outside.<br/>
The soldiers were gathering on the southern ramparts.<br/>
Incidentally, the morning mist had already thinned out and our visibility has turned better.<br/>
(It’s coming from the Demon Zone…)<br/>
[We will be going too.]<br/>
Just in case, after we made sure that our group was ready to fight,we headed outside the castle.<br/>
Even while going through the castle, we could still hear angry roars resounding around.<br/>
Once we arrived outside, the soldiers’ restless demeanor didn’t change.<br/>
Moe looked anxious as she faltered.<br/>
[The people inside the castle have been talking about the monsters in the Demon Zone…… It’s been a long time since the monsters have come near this castle, right? W- Would it be alright?]<br/>
I have a confused expression myself as I look back at her.<br/>
(That loud noise just now sounds like a scream……)<br/>
What if that scream just now were just trying to call out those monsters?<br/>
Just when I had such worries in my mind…<br/>
[Sogou-san.]<br/>
[Ah… Braun-san.]<br/>
Brown Angoon. (T/N: ブラウン・アングーン / Buraun Anguun)<br/>
The second brother of the Four Revered Saints.<br/>
A tall young man with glasses, having the impression of being a priest of some sort.<br/>
Although they have been overshadowed by the older two, the younger two are also said to be quite strong themselves.<br/>
I’ve heard that if it’s two against one, they could even beat Abyss.<br/>
Seeing him, I look around for Agito.<br/>
Thereupon, the second daughter, White Angoon who was standing next to Brown, smiled.<br/>
[Elder Brother and the others are still in the castle. They seem to be trying to figure out the situation together with Guira-sama and Polarie-sama.]<br/>
The second daughter is a gentle-looking woman who always had a smile on her face.<br/>
However, I felt that there’s something superficial from these younger two.<br/>
It feels like they’re trying to keep appearances……<br/>
What I mean is—- They must be just as extraordinary as the older two.<br/>
The younger two could still remain calm even in the midst of all these turmoil.<br/>
Even within the current atmosphere of the castle, where everyone looks awfully restless.<br/>
[Oh?]<br/>
Brown turned away and looked up at the sky.<br/>
Multiple dark shadows were soaring in the skies.<br/>
The clear morning air was shook by the screeching roars—- of dragons.<br/>
[It’s the Black Dragon Knights!]<br/>
One of the soldiers who had gathered at the ramparts pointed his finger above his head.<br/>
A few black dragons were heading out of the southern city walls.<br/>
Looking at them, I could see a knight in black armor mounted in each of the dragons with a spear in hand.<br/>
[Probably because of that situation with Neia from before, Bakuos now want a chance to take this opportunity for themselves.]<br/>
[Ummm…… Brown-san, could I ask what’s happening? Could it be……]<br/>
[It seems that the monsters are gathering. That strange, loud sound earlier must have drawn those monsters in.]<br/>
Yes, that faint vibration from earlier was probably the sound of the monsters moving.<br/>
I could still feel those vibrations even now……<br/>
[Is this something that commonly occurs?]<br/>
[I don’t know, I’m not sure I’ve ever heard that something like this happened……]<br/>
[Geez! What’s with all these fuzz early in the morning!?]<br/>
The castle lord Guira, arrived with soldiers in tow.<br/>
The soldiers were divided into squads of long spears and crossbow wielders.<br/>
Before long, the other Heroes have also gathered.<br/>
[The f*ck’s happening? Is the Great Demon Emperor’s army attacking? But, isn’t that direction where the Demon Zone is? Or rather, old man, didn’t you say that this was a dangerous castle that the monsters of the Demon Zone avoids? What a complete fraud! Lying to us totally ain’t cool! It’s totally ain’t cool!]<br/>
While Oyamada was swearing at him, Guira’s veins popped out in frustration.<br/>
[Hah? What? Eh? What’s the matter? Are you perhaps losing your temper? Gyahaha! That’s quite easy for you to get mad, don’t you think!?]<br/>
Yawning, Yasu looked at the ramparts with sleepy eyes.<br/>
[It’s a good thing that I’m here to help, but well, I’ve also been having trouble finding the appropriate monsters for me since I’ve gotten into the realm of the strongest. I have no one to consider as my enemy—- Which consequently means, I’m unrivalled. Good grief. I could also feel it even in games, but it really is quite the problem if I’m too strong. How boring, how really boring……]<br/>
Even though he’s frowning upon the attitudes of the two A-Rank heroes, Guira sent out his commands to the crossbow squad he brought with him.<br/>
[From atop the ramparts, let down a rain of arrows down on those monsters!]<br/>
The other soldiers who had already arrived earlier, were now shooting arrows from the watchtower and on top of the ramparts.<br/>
[There’s no way that they’d be able to breach through our walls and gate, but we can’t afford to let these monsters who don’t know their place get away with it! Come, don’t hesitate to annihilate them! Go, keep up with those Black Dragon Knights! Let’s show them what the army of Magnar can do!]<br/>
Guira states his declaration.<br/>
[No matter how many their numbers may be, we don’t need to borrow the strength of other nation’s forces outside the walls of the northern gate! Heroes, please take a close look at the power of our castle!]<br/>
One of Guira’s subordinates steps forward and suggests to him.<br/>
[Guira-sama! Why don’t we launch a charge from the southern gate!? The cavalries have pent up quite a lot because they normally haven’t had their chance to be sent out!]<br/>
[Ohhh, is that so!? Fufun! Alright! In that case, go send the caval—–]<br/>
Suddenly, a chain of screams rang out from the top of the ramparts.<br/>
For some time now, the top of the ramparts had been particularly noisy.<br/>
And then, the rumbling in the ground began getting louder and louder——<br/>
The loud sound of destruction rang out as part of the ramparts were blown away.<br/>
[——Eh?]<br/>
Right beside where Guira stands, parts of the blown up ramparts began raining down.<br/>
His men, who had been on standby on his side, were crushed by the falling chunks of stones.<br/>
Blood and flesh scattered towards the ground.<br/>
Taking a few moments to process what just happened, the girls in my group turned pale.<br/>
[Iyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!]<br/>
Screams rang out.<br/>
[H- Hey……]<br/>
The soldiers took a step back.<br/>
Their gazes were fixed unto the huge fissure formed in the ramparts.<br/>
From behind the fissure in the wall, a huge arm appeared.<br/>
That gnarly hand was grasping unto the crack in the ramparts.<br/>
And a head appeared from beyond the wall.<br/>
(A dragonfly……?)<br/>
Its head looks like a dragonfly.<br/>
However, it looks humanoid from the neck down.<br/>
It’s like a “gigantic humanoid dragonfly”.<br/>
There was also what looks like body hair slightly growing out of its humanoid body.<br/>
Its skin is colored with a dragonfly-like pattern.<br/>
Its face eerily twitched about—-<br/>
[Yochi…… Yochiyochi…… yochi, yochichichichi!]<br/>
It happened at the same time that eerie cry rang out.<br/>
The Dragonfly Giant’s ten sharp fingertips shot forward.<br/>
(T/N: Like those rocket arms, just with fingers.)<br/>
Its fingertips swooped towards the soldiers on top of the ramparts like a lethal weapon.<br/>
[Gyaaahh!]<br/>
[Guueeehhh!?]<br/>
[Hiiieeehh! S- Sav—- Gufuu!]<br/>
Ten screams of agony rang out in rapid succession.<br/>
His stinger-like fingertips mercilessly pierced through the soldier’s body and then, immediately went back into the giant’s hands again.<br/>
Apparently, those stinger-like fingertips were connected to his hand by some kind of thread.<br/>
[That’s……]<br/>
Guira breaks down and drops down on his knees.<br/>
[That’s impossible…… The greatest pride of our Anti-Demon White Castle, the ramparts facing the Golden Demon Zone……]<br/>
[Guira-san.]<br/>
Turning around, what was caught in Guira’s eyes was—- the Four Revered Saints’ eldest brother and sister, and the Dragonslayer.<br/>
[A- Agito-dono…… Dragonslayer-dono…… My ramparts…… The monsters……]<br/>
[You should make haste and take command of the soldiers in the castle.]<br/>
After saying this, Agito pointed the tip of his sword at the “chasm” on the destroyed ramparts.<br/>
[I’m going.]<br/>
Immediately after his declaration, excited monsters began rushing one after another from the destroyed chasm.<br/>
The soldiers who were near the chasm were slaughtered one after another.<br/>
The door of the watchtower was destroyed and the monsters began pouring in there as well.<br/>
[Brown, White.]<br/>
After Agito said that, the two younger Four Revered Saints rushed out towards the chasm.<br/>
The two of them head for the watchtower while kicking away the attacking monsters.<br/>
[Why!? W- Why are so many monsters here!? Why did this suddenly happen!?]<br/>
[Guira-san, this attack could possibly the work of the Great Demon Emperor’s army…… Just a moment ago, I heard that they saw an Ogre Soldier inside the ramparts.]<br/>
[T- That’s absurd!? Ogre Soldiers!? From where in the heck would they invade this place from!?]<br/>
[From last night until this morning, the main security of this castle was handled by exhausted Bakuos soldiers. In addition, the whole area around us was covered in a thick morning mist that appeared early in the morning, making it really difficult for everyone to see…… It might have been unavoidable for some of them to break into this place.]<br/>
[I don’t care about those stupid little details! In short, there are enemies, isn’t that right!?]<br/>
Oyamada turned his right arm in circles as he advanced forward.<br/>
[Lookie here? Can’t you see the brimming amount of experience points? Rather than a bonus stage, doesn’t this honestly look more like that stage where you scramble for achievements? Will us Heroes really be able to fight? I say that this is a great chance to show this sh*tty locals who are looking down on us who they’re messing with!]<br/>
[Black flames, heed my call…… <Laevateinn>.] (T/N: Sword Eye of the Black Flames / Laevateinn)<br/>
From Yasu’s arm, black flames began to coil towards his hand.<br/>
[I wish there was a monster worthy of this Black Flame Hero. First of all…… How about we burn that huge Dragonfly Giant to ashes?]<br/>
[He- Hero-dono……]<br/>
Guira, who had been distracted for a while, began to feel the color of reason returning back to him.<br/>
[T- That’s right…… There are the Heroes from Another World in here! And behind them—- There are the armies of three kingdoms! Even if they had breached our walls, there is still no reason for us to lose! What’s with your pessimism, Guira Heith…… Nuuuooohhh! Don’t fall behind, soldiers of Magnar! We have nothing to fear from these Golden-eyed monsters who already lost their Tyrant’s Miasma along with their generation! We’re going to bring down that enormous monster ourselves! Call the magician squad!]<br/>
The morale of the battle returned back to the soldiers as they quickly began arranging their formations.<br/>
The influx of swarming monsters finally began targeting us.<br/>
Taking a deep breath, I held my spear at the ready and began telling the group my instructions.<br/>
[Everyone, hear me!? Just do what Bane-san taught us and you’ll be alright! Hold unto your weapons…… Prepare your skills!]<br/>
My group began preparing our formation.<br/>
[U- Unn!]<br/>
[Let’s do this……]<br/>
[We’ll fight! We’re all going to survive and return to the world we came from!]<br/>
[It’s coming!]<br/>
A swarm of monsters began approaching.<br/>
The leading one was a humanoid frog-like monster with sickle-shape arms.<br/>
Its body is at least two meters tall.<br/>
I kicked off the ground.<br/>
One step faster than the flock of monsters, keeping its momentum, it slid down on the ground.<br/>
Sliding on the ground…<br/>
[Crroooaakkk—– Gobuueeehh!]<br/>
My spear pierces from thr bottom of the monster’s jaw up to the crown of his head.<br/>
Pulling out the blade of my spear, I swung my spear to the side and sent another monster tumbling.<br/>
[Guueeehhh!]<br/>
Stabbing the fallen monster, I take away its life.<br/>
The other monsters began to surround me but…<br/>
[Gugyaaahhh!]<br/>
A greatsword swings down and cracks the monster’s head.<br/>
The greatsword then became a whirlwind that raged around the area, slashing away all the nearby monsters.<br/>
The red-haired man lightly swung his greatsword to the side and swept away the blood stuck from the blade.<br/>
[Bane-san!]<br/>
[Sorry, I’m a bit late.]<br/>
[Tsk! I’m not going to let the Fraud President steal my prey!!! Ora ora ora ora ora!]<br/>
(T/N: Can’t think of anything to translate that in english.)<br/>
Oyamada then plunges into the rest of the flock of monsters.<br/>
[<Bullet—- Gatling Mode>!] (T/N: Red Fist—- Four-Arms Mode)<br/>
A cluster of red offensive energies shot out of Oyamada’s fists in succession.<br/>
The monsters in front of him were blown away to pieces by his bullet punches.<br/>
However, the succeeding monsters rushed towards Oyamada without a moment’s hesitation.<br/>
[These guys are so lively that they’re seriously making me laugh! Just like a moth jumping right into the fire! Ora! <Bullet—– Fortress Mode>!!!] (T/N: Red Fist—- Fortification Mode)<br/>
As if they’re converging, the bullet punches that Oyamada shot out gathered around his body.<br/>
In a moment, the bullet punches that had been gathered around his body popped out and blew away the monsters that were rushing in.<br/>
A pile of monster corpses began building up around Oyamada.<br/>
[Ora ora! Hey, you bunch too, slaughter as you please in this bonus time!]<br/>
Making fun of the dying monster beneath his shoe, Oyamada stirs up the rest of Kirihara’s group.<br/>
[The feeling of peerlessness against monsters like this, it’s the best! I mean, the more I kill, the more admiration I get… Isn’t that seriously the best!? This is seriously going to break my moral compass!]<br/>
All the monsters that get near Oyamada explodes into pieces.<br/>
[Ahh ahh…… If you’re enjoying killing opponents of this level, you’re still the same low-rank bastard, don’t you think?]<br/>
With a single punch, Four Revered Saints’ Abyss turned a monster into shattered pieces of flesh.<br/>
She then grabs unto an approaching monster and indifferently twists its body to death.<br/>
[Shut up, you evil big titted woman! It’s just like Kirihara said, you local bastards have long reached your peak! However, the more we kill, the stronger we get! Hah? What’s wrong with killing these bunch!? Come on, let me see you try holding me accountable for this!? Hah!?]<br/>
[Well, For now— Just kill.]<br/>
[Ah?]<br/>
With speed so fast that it can’t be caught in my eyes, Abyss twists a monster’s neck.<br/>
[You can enjoy it as much as you want, you can kill as much as you want. Kill, kill, kill—- All you have to do now is kill all the ones in front, kill all the ones in your back and kill all the monsters in your sight. Now is the time to kill ’til your heart’s content. I allow you to do that.]<br/>
[Tsk! Who the f*ck need your permission! Drop dead!]<br/>
As if they’re competing for the amount of monsters they’ve killed, Oyamada and Abyss were crushing the monsters one after another.<br/>
On the other hand…<br/>
[H- Hey! Somebody go first!]<br/>
[Then, why don’t you go first!?]<br/>
[Waahhhh! They’re coming!?]<br/>
[Uwaaaahhhh! Save mmeeee, Yasssuuuuuu!]<br/>
Yasu’s group was in chaos facing monsters.<br/>
There seems to be some kind of dispute over who will be the first to attack the monsters.<br/>
I tried going over to help but……<br/>
[I’ll go help out that side.]<br/>
Banewolf went forward.<br/>
Yasu was standing a few distance away from his group, clad in black flames.<br/>
[D- Don’t ignore us, Yasu! Hey! Save us!]<br/>
[Good grief…… You bunch were still calling me “Yasu”. Don’t tell me, you bastards…… Are you still misunderstanding that you were better or even equal than me? What foolishness…… How foolishly, foolishly, foolish……]<br/>
[W- We’re begging you! Ah, no—- Please, Yasu-san! Please save us!]<br/>
[I guess it would sound like a lie if you go so far as saying “-sama”…… It can’t be helped, I’ll compromise with that. However, people without power are really pitiful beings. Those beings who only know how to rely on the strong people…… Kukiki! How pathetic, that’s the extremity of patheticness! You’ve really gone to the extremes, you bastards!]<br/>
The monsters that were about to swoop down on Yasu’s group was burned to ashes by Yasu.<br/>
His black flames had gained more power and range than before.<br/>
Maybe it’s because the level of his skill increased.<br/>
Yasu puts his hand on his face and poses as if he had made up his mind.<br/>
[However, I’m not satisfied…… Have I grown to such lengths where I could no longer be satisfied by the reliance of fellows like these?]<br/>
Glance~<br/>
Yasu glanced towards me.<br/>
[Even though they’re lower ranks, they should be begging for help from a few more unexpected directions. As expected, I’d have to fight someone like the Great Demon Emperor to be able to fully show my true worth. That bastard, Kirihara…… I somehow hope that he will be crushed by that Great Demon Emperor……]<br/>
Banewolf stopped in his tracks.<br/>
[……I guess the other side’s alright huh. No…… I don’t know if I could really call them alright—-]<br/>
Looking dejected while saying that, Banewolf swung his greatsword upwards.<br/>
A monster that was about to pounce him was cut in half by his upward slash and fell on the ground.<br/>
[They’re certainly stronger than the Golden-eyed monsters from the ruins around, but they aren’t that strong that even ordinary soldiers wouldn’t be able to handle them.]<br/>
The Black Dragon Knights, led by the Three Dragon Warriors swarmed like vultures around that Dragonfly Giant that destroyed the wall.<br/>
[Fuhahaha! Before my Black Dragon, these Golden-eyed monsters, who only know how to crawl on the ground, are no longer my enemies! Behold! This is the power of the Black Dragon Knights!]<br/>
They’re attacking with magic from outside of the range of his stinger fingers.<br/>
The Dragonfly Giant’s head was gradually becoming more and more ferocious as it was being intensively targeted with their attacks.<br/>
[~Yochi…… yochi, chi…… ~yo…… chi……]<br/>
Slashing apart a monster, Banewolf looks toward the broken ramparts.<br/>
[That huge monster, I think it’s starting to lose control of its footing…… I guess it would only be a matter of time before it falls.]<br/>
A few distance away, Guira was pushing back the monsters along with Agito.<br/>
[Wahahahahaha! I was surprised when the ramparts were broken, but I forgot that we have the elites from all over the world in this place!]<br/>
Agito leisurely smiles as he chopped up a monster with his Godspeed Sword Arts. (T/N: 神速の剣技)<br/>
[This was originally the Holy Alliance’s elite unit, personally led by the Vysis herself after all. Rather than this, our real battle will be against the Southern Invasion Army which monsters’ possess the Tyrant’s Miasma.]<br/>
[Mhmm? Speaking of which, Agito-dono, would Duke Polarie and Princess Cattleya be alright?]<br/>
[They’ve gone to the encampment outside the city walls. Other than Bach-san, the Three Dragons should also be in their own encampment.]<br/>
[Fumu…… Certainly, with all these commotion, there would be lots of confusion if someone isn’t leading the others……]<br/>
[An army that’s lost its chain of command would horribly collapse as a result.]<br/>
[That’s right…… Oh! The cavalry is finally here! Hey, this way! Make haste! Let’s go show these monsters what we’re made of!]<br/>
Guira completely regained his spirit.<br/>
The arriving cavalry also began joining the battle one after another.<br/>
My group was also solidly dealing with the monsters, adhering to the theories of battle we learnt.<br/>
The monsters are still rushing in one after the other.<br/>
However, it seemed that our strength far exceeds the monsters.<br/>
(The Goddess and Kirihara-kun may be gone, but the Southern Army is still filled with strong people……)<br/>
Using my special skill <Blade Set>, I make a magical blade appear at the end of my spear.<br/>
(T/N: Blade Preparation. Also, this special skill is different from inherent skill.)<br/>
This made my spear look like that so-called halberd.<br/>
Since there are so many enemies around us, I think it would be better to have a wide blade so that I can take down a lot of monsters at once.<br/>
Cleaving my spear to the side, I cut five monsters into pieces at the same time.<br/>
(No, this battle might rather be an opportunity instead. If we can defeat lots of monsters here and earn experience points, we can raise our levels before our decisive battle against the Southern Invasion Force that lies ahead……)<br/>
At first, I felt frightened, thinking that this was an unexpected crisis.<br/>
However, once we’ve stepped out into this battle, I could say that this was a chance to level-up.<br/>
Guira began hurling his commands.<br/>
[Alright, that should be enough around here! We’re going to the ramparts too! Let’s go, it’s time for us to charge, Heroes-dono! Everyone, come!]<br/>
Before I knew it, the monsters around us had almost been cleared away.<br/>
[………………….]<br/>
(However, didn’t you say that there were soldiers from the Great Demon Emperor’s army around……? Was this attack really something that someone planned to do……?)<br/>
[?]<br/>
I paused.<br/>
Something’s strange.<br/>
I looked towards the broken ramparts.<br/>
What made it stand out was the air above the ramparts.<br/>
The movements of those black dragons are also somehow strange.<br/>
Before long—–<br/>
Accompanied by the sound of footstep of something with a great mass, the ground thundered.<br/>
Everyone’s attention was turned towards the direction of those footsteps.<br/>
[Wha—-]<br/>
One of the members of Yasu’s group dropped his weapon and stood still in his place.<br/>
[Hey…… What the heck is that……]<br/>
Many humanoid upper bodies are attached to its spherical body.<br/>
It was as if two thick legs were supporting its spherical black frame.<br/>
That thing was larger than that Dragonfly Giant earlier.<br/>
[Miyoooon…… Miyoooon…… Miyoooon……]<br/>
A strange cry that sounds like an electrical signal.<br/>
Looking at the face of one of those upper bodies, which is quite huddled with the others, it appears that its eye sockets were hollowed out.<br/>
In addition—– There was one different face on the entire surface of that sphere.<br/>
It had a face that looked like it’s crying.<br/>
Then, one of the upper bodies covering the sphere stretched out like gum.<br/>
Its movements are quite fast, yet it appears that it could change directions at will.<br/>
Just like those black dragons in the distance, they began soaring through the air.<br/>
[Giieehh!?]<br/>
One of the black dragons that were flying in the sky was caught in the hands of that upper body.<br/>
It was the black dragon of the Three Dragon Warriors, Bach.<br/>
[What the!? What are you doing!? L- Let go! You bastard—–]<br/>
Snap!<br/>
Bach’s black dragon was split up into half.<br/>
The upper body expressionlessly captures Bach with his right hand as he was thrown out of his black dragon.<br/>
[Uuuhh!? Guuooohhh……!?]<br/>
[Save Bach-sama!]<br/>
The other Black Dragon Knights tried to rescue Bach, but they too are captured by the upper bodies that attack one after another……<br/>
Bach tried to struggle out from his large hands…<br/>
[L- Let go of me! You monster!!! Let go of me or I’ll—–]<br/>
[Angaaaaahhhh! Baribariiii!]<br/>
—but he got eaten.<br/>
Bach’s head is. By the monster—-<br/>
[Gyaaaahhhh!?]<br/>
The other Black Dragon Knights are also being preyed upon by that black lump of upper bodies.<br/>
Some of the “leftovers” spilled out and slumped down on the ground.<br/>
Then…<br/>
[Onbabaaaaaaahhhh!]<br/>
A lion with a human’s face appeared, breaking through the ramparts.<br/>
The lion with a human’s face flipped over from his momentum, but after squirming for a moment, it arranged its posture and let out a roar.<br/>
[BAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII——————-!]<br/>
Kirihara group’s Murota Erii turns pale.<br/>
[W- What the heck is that…… Disgusting……!]<br/>
The lion with a human’s face, for some reason, looks like it was filled with fear.<br/>
Moreover, compared to its body, only its head is unusually large, making it even more eerie.<br/>
The imbalance of its body normally would have broken its neck instead.<br/>
[~Obaaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiii!]<br/>
The lion with a human’s face let out a fierce roar.<br/>
I gulp down my saliva into my dry throat.<br/>
(That thing, don’t tell me……)<br/>
[I guess that saying about how “the worse the prediction is, the higher the chance that it happens” isn’t necessarily a lie after all……]<br/>
Banewolf scowled at the tragedy happening at the ramparts.<br/>
[So, they’ve really come, the Human-Faced……]<br/>
