[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c180](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%E3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%E3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/180/)
<br/><br/>
In addition to the Human-Faced, medium-sized monsters different from the ones we’ve faced before, also rushed in.<br/>
The chasm that the Human-Faced Lion became a new entrance for them to enter.<br/>
[I see…… The first ones to attack were just the Golden-eyed monsters who were close to the periphery of the Demon Zone. In other words, those who have arrived just now are the “elite units” from deep within the Demon Zone. Tsk…… However, that Human-Faced, isn’t that a bit too much humanoid hands?]<br/>
Turning towards us, the Human-Faced Lion stood up only with its hind legs.<br/>
[~Obaaaaaaa!]<br/>
I don’t know whether it’s trying to intimidate us or it’s just declaring something.<br/>
[……That thing’s had us on its sight huh. I don’t think it would give us time to run away…… Geez, this is really unpleasant……]<br/>
Banewolf throws down his sword.<br/>
[I’ll buy you some time. I want you to fall back and join the forces outside the northern ramparts. Even this castle may probably be abandoned…… You can take up the command here, Agito Angoon.]<br/>
[……Understood. Just make sure you withdraw yourself if the time is right, Dragonslayer.]<br/>
[Kuku, I don’t have any plan of dying here. But well, with that thing’s largeness……]<br/>
Banewolf’s eyes glowed red.<br/>
[I might as well do it myself.]<br/>
Following the glow in his eyes, Banewolf’s entire body emitted a pale light and his body started changing—–<br/>
His body is becoming gigantic.<br/>
And in front of us, a Giant with the head of a dragon and skin coated with dragon scales appeared.<br/>
As if he wants to return the intimidation he received, the Burning-eyed Dragonewt let out a roar that was fiercer than the black dragons.<br/>
When he finished his roar, the Dragonewt immediately turned around and slightly moved.<br/>
He reaches to a large “something” that was placed near the castle.<br/>
The Dragonewt took off the cloth covering that thing.<br/>
What appeared from beyond the covering cloth was a gigantic sword that doesn’t look like it could be used by a human being.<br/>
The reason why he was late earlier might have been because he had the soldiers carry this gigantic sword in case of an unexpected situation.<br/>
(Is that really…… Bane-san……?)<br/>
I stood still in disbelief.<br/>
Agito looked up towards the dragonized Banewolf.<br/>
[I’ve already heard about that power of Dragonification which you gained from bathing in the blood of the dragon you killed back then…… but I also heard that the Dragonification is accompanied by the danger of the gradual loss of awareness and some losses of your memory. Nevertheless, I’m grateful to you for unleashing that power now…… Dragonslayer Banewolf.]<br/>
The Dragonewt grabbed his sword and faced the Human-Faced.<br/>
[Stop with that boring commentary and instruct the others to withdraw already, Agito.]<br/>
[——I know.]<br/>
Nodding towards him, Agito mounted a warhorse that had lost its owner and gave the order to retreat.<br/>
The soldiers then began retreating.<br/>
The person who was supposed to be commanding the soldiers, Guira, looks like he’s too flustered to command as the soldiers urged him to get his horse to move.<br/>
[Obaaaahhh!]<br/>
The Human-Faced Lion charged towards the Dragonewt.<br/>
Lowering his waist, the Dragonewt swung his gigantic sword upwards.<br/>
I suddenly felt someone tugging my arm, it was Moe.<br/>
[A- Ayaka-chan! We have to get out of here!]<br/>
[Y—- Yes! Umm, Bane-san!]<br/>
For a moment, it felt like the Dragonewt paused his movements.<br/>
[Please be careful……! Besides, we still have lots of things we need to learn from you, Bane-san!]<br/>
Just a little bit—- I felt like the Dragonewt nodded his head.<br/>
[Let’s go, Minamino-san!]<br/>
[Un!]<br/>
Several monsters swerved away from their horde and chased after me and the others.<br/>
[Leave our rear to me! Everyone, go!]<br/>
With my spear at the ready, I followed behind my companions in front of me as I kept an eye on our rear.<br/>
[Ahh!? I finally got to f*cking meet a Human-Faced for the first time! I’m not going to run away! What’s the point of being Hero if I just f*cking run here!? That’s so lame!]<br/>
[Blah blah, shut your f*cking trap! You can only be counted on when we’re fighting against those who have the Tyrant’s Miasma, that’s when you heroes’ true worth shows! If there’s no Tyrant’s Miasma, we wouldn’t need your useless ass! And you know what?! If we made a mistake in letting the Heroes die, the people that were supposed to be fighting against the Great Demon Emperor, we’ll surely be killed by Vysis! You got that on your puny mind, Oyamada!?]<br/>
While Abyss was scolding Oyamada, Yasu passed by them.<br/>
It appears that he also caught a warhorse that was just wandering around.<br/>
[Fuunnn… What’s with that Dragonification…… What a joke of an ability. Well…… If the Human-Faced were just something like that, they wouldn’t be worthy enough to stand before this Black Flame Hero.]<br/>
While running on his horse, Agito seems to be mumbling something.<br/>
[Nevertheless, why did those monsters from the Demon Zone that hadn’t come out in years suddenly decide to attack like that……? There was also that sound that somehow made those monsters go berserk……]<br/>
Looking back, Banewolf seems to be struggling.<br/>
It seemed that there were still some of our surviving allies near the ramparts and Banewolf appeared to be fighting the enemies as he moved around, making sure that our allies escaped.<br/>
The ever-increasing amount of monsters were swarming around Banewolf.<br/>
The Dragonewt roared.<br/>
Before long, the monsters began to flood Banewolf’s back as well.<br/>
While killing the fast-footed monsters that were about to catch up with a single blow, I looked over at the struggling gigantic Dragonewt, holding unto my desire to assist him.<br/>
(Bane-san……)<br/>
The Dragonewt earnestly swung his gigantic sword and kicked away the monsters that have gathered around him.<br/>
However, the amount of monsters continued to increase.<br/>
It was no longer possible to know if our surviving allies were still alive.<br/>
The crying Human-Faced that had the body filled with black upper bodies swooped down on the Dragonewt with all of its hands.<br/>
[~Obaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiii!]<br/>
The Human-Faced Lion bit into the Dragonewt’s arm.<br/>
At that moment…<br/>
[Nyaiii…… Nyaaaiii—-]<br/>
An ominous, hoarse voice resounded.<br/>
[No way—–]<br/>
I blink my eyes, hoping that what I’m seeing isn’t actually real.<br/>
Another large Human-Faced suddenly appeared.<br/>
Not only that, it’s right behind Banewolf.<br/>
In addition, the Human-Faced was accompanied by several large-sized monsters.<br/>
[!]<br/>
I could only feel despair deep within my chest.<br/>
Banewolf has been completely surrounded by three Human-Faced!<br/>
The gigantic Dragonewt’s body was now almost invisible with the swarm of monsters gathering behind him.<br/>
(If he’s completely swarmed, he won’t be able to escape!)<br/>
[A- Agito-san! Bane-san is……!]<br/>
With all of my strength, I called out to Agito who was commanding the others on his horse.<br/>
Noticing my call, Agito turned around—–<br/>
[Uwwwoooooooooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh—————!!!]<br/>
A loud hoarse voice that sounded like it came from a man.<br/>
That’s not Banewolf’s voice.<br/>
[A- A monster’s voice……!? Where is it coming from!?]<br/>
Everyone spontaneously searched for the owner of that loud voice.<br/>
That’s right—- the source of that voice is unusual.<br/>
Moe was the first one to notice where it came from.<br/>
[Agito-san! I- In the sky…… Look at the sky!]<br/>
[——The sky, you say?]<br/>
A monster was soaring in the sky by spinning around in the air.<br/>
Its movements kind of reminds me of those rhythmic sports gymnastics where they leap and twist.<br/>
(T/N: I have no clue what this means.)<br/>
[W- What in the world is that……]<br/>
Countless amounts of human limbs formed a single gigantic humanoid……<br/>
Or should I say that it’s a gigantic humanoid formed from large amounts of small limbs?<br/>
[It’s dropping down, I guess it isn’t flying huh? I see, that thing……]<br/>
Agito analyzed.<br/>
[It leapt towards here huh.]<br/>
Looking at the sky, I pointed towards something that made me turn pale.<br/>
[Umm, Agito-san…… Those things on that monster’s body, could that be—–]<br/>
Filled with disbelief himself, Agito nodded his head.<br/>
[There are lots of other monsters clinging on its body.]<br/>
At first, I thought that they were just part of its body too.<br/>
However, they’re not.<br/>
On this humanoid monster formed from a cluster of limbs, a plethora of other monsters were clinging tightly on it.<br/>
After a few moments…<br/>
Fwoooosshhh!<br/>
[Uuuuuooooooooohhhh——- Uwaaaaahhhhh!?]<br/>
A white straight beam shot towards the skies.<br/>
The right arm of the Giant that was spinning towards us got disintegrated by the beam.<br/>
Along with the monsters clinging unto that arm.<br/>
[Uwaaaaahhhh!?]<br/>
I wonder if it’s because of the pain it felt?<br/>
The giant who was spinning towards us raised out a loud ear-piercing scream.<br/>
Agito mutters.<br/>
[……Sacred Eye.]<br/>
Jonato’s anti-air weapon, the “Sacred Eye”, has the ability to destroy the monsters soaring in the sky.<br/>
The effect reaches out to this whole area.<br/>
[I see…… Because its leap was too high, only its right arm was barely within the range of my Sacred Eye……]<br/>
However, the Giant still hasn’t died.<br/>
Only its right arm and the monsters clinging on it have disappeared.<br/>
Naturally, the monsters clinging to the other parts of its body are still alive.<br/>
And from the root of its arm, blue blood sprinkled around the area—–<br/>
Shud!<br/>
Along with the thunderous roar of the earth, I could see anger on the Giant’s face when it grandly landed on the ground.<br/>
[No way……]<br/>
Guira’s horse, who was leading its group, stopped in its tracks with a neigh.<br/>
In front of vanguards of the retreating group…<br/>
[Uwoooooohhhhhhhhh! Uwoooooooohhhhhh————!]<br/>
The fourth Human-Faced, bringing with it countless amounts of monsters, stood in the way.<br/>
<A Confidant’s POV><br/>
The plains outside the northern ramparts.<br/>
A “change” occurred in the Aisne River, which was overlooking the area where the three kingdoms were camping.<br/>
[Gi, gigi……]<br/>
An Ogre Soldier poked out his head from the river.<br/>
And then, several Ogre Soldiers crawled out from underground—-<br/>
Splash!<br/>
And from under the river, a huge demon with the head of a goat emerged.<br/>
The water splashing away from its body dripped down on its purple fur.<br/>
Endowed with four sinister horns on its head, it walked with its two legs out of the river.<br/>
The Demon Emperor’s Second Oath—- Zweikzeed.<br/>
Zweikzeed is the second most powerful member among the “Confidants”, second only to the Great Demon Emperor himself.<br/>
Just as he planned, the Anti-Demon White Castle has fallen into chaos—- With his golden-eyes, he looked towards its direction.<br/>
Comfortably feeling the chaos inside and outside the castle, Zweikzeed tore at his own chest with his large claws.<br/>
Splat!<br/>
The flesh beneath his fur was torn apart, and blood spurted out from its tough chest.<br/>
[    Harvest    ]<br/>
The Ogre Soldiers lurking beneath the river, appeared one after another behind Zweikzeed.<br/>
[It’s time——– The Human’s dignity is now ripe enough for us to harvest.]<br/>
