[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c183](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/183/)
<br/><br/>
<Sogou Ayaka POV><br/>
After hesitating for a bit, the onis started attacking me.<br/>
“We should be able to kill her if we charged at her with our number.”<br/>
–or so they seem to have decided.<br/>
However, the onis  have no way to deal with me, now that I have released my limits.<br/>
With the scattered corpses of the onis behind my back, I returned back to protecting the circle formation.<br/>
[Ayaka-chan…… Thank goodness, thank goodness……]<br/>
The weeping Moe wiped her tears.<br/>
Smiling towards her, I nodded in response.<br/>
(Even so……)<br/>
Inherent Skill.<br/>
I can’t believe that I unlocked it at a time like this.<br/>
I’ve already stopped relying on this—- but for it to appear at this timing…<br/>
I was a little puzzled.<br/>
However, I instantly shake off the bewilderment I’m feeling.<br/>
The onis aren’t the only enemies we have.<br/>
There’s still the medium-sized and even some larger monsters closing in.<br/>
I guess all I have to do now…… is kill them.<br/>
I’ll do whatever it takes to protect my people.<br/>
[……………………]<br/>
I remembered that to activate your inherent skill, you would have to pronounce the name skill’s name.<br/>
Lightly exhaling, I regulate my breathing.<br/>
[——<Silver World>——] (T/N: Armament Battle Formation)<br/>
Then, it suddenly appeared in front of me.<br/>
A sphere.<br/>
It looks like mercury but it also looks like melted lead.<br/>
A large silvery sphere floating in the air……<br/>
It’s happened just slightly, but its surface silently rippled.<br/>
[What’s this……? What does this thing do?]<br/>
Summoning my status display, I quickly checked out the skill entries.<br/>
<Silver World><br/>
Information has been added to the skill column.<br/>
Under the skill’s name, something was written on it.<br/>
<Create><br/>
(Create? The ability to create something……? However, what does this create and how could I do that……)<br/>
In the meantime, the monsters came rushing in.<br/>
Perhaps, the only people left who managed to survive in this neighborhood were me and the others..<br/>
[Ugh……]<br/>
I’ve certainly learned an inherent skill, but I don’t know how to use them.<br/>
However, I can’t afford to take my time trying this skill out.<br/>
Once I exterminate the nearby monsters while my limits were released—– I’ll open up a way for the others.<br/>
I greatly leaped at the large monster which had its arms outstretched, standing in our way.<br/>
Stab!<br/>
I deeply pierced my spear on the large monster’s forehead.<br/>
Then, I immediately used <Inner Bomb>, and tried exploding its head from the inside.<br/>
However…<br/>
[……………………]<br/>
I was only able to shave off about a fifth of its face.<br/>
I didn’t manage to stop its movements.<br/>
The difference in our sizes—- this was the bottleneck that I need to confront.<br/>
Just like that oni earlier, I can deal with them if they were just a little bigger than a human.<br/>
However, no matter how many unordinary movements I can make while I released my limits—–<br/>
(Against large monsters like this, I can’t help but feel like my power isn’t enough due to the difference in our size……! Even after I shaved off its head, I can’t believe that it could still move like this……!)<br/>
Violently shaking its head, the large monster shook me off.<br/>
Landing on the ground, I quickly turned back and readied to attack again.<br/>
With my feet that had its limits released, I kicked off the ground and leapt, trying to twist the blade of my spear into the wound I shaved off earlier.<br/>
However, that’s when it happened…<br/>
[———!]<br/>
I noticed that part of the circle formation was crumbling.<br/>
Moreover, when Kayako was trying to kill a nearby monster, another monster came swooping in behind her back—–<br/>
[No! Suou-san, behind you!]<br/>
(! No……)<br/>
My voice isn’t reaching them.<br/>
They seemed to be struggling against a medium-sized monster and everyone’s attention was on that one.<br/>
The other children also seem to have their hands full dealing with the monsters that are closing in on them.<br/>
Right now, I was in midair after I leapt.<br/>
There’s no way for me to suddenly rush towards them while in midair.<br/>
I glanced at my hand.<br/>
I guess I have no choice.<br/>
I threw the spear that was in my hand.<br/>
In the back of the head of the monster that was closing in on Kayako, the spear powerfully pierced through.<br/>
That’s also when Kayako finally noticed the monster that was closing in from behind her.<br/>
And that’s also—- when they noticed my condition right now.<br/>
[Sogou-san!]<br/>
I don’t have a weapon in hand.<br/>
No—– It’s not really reliable, but I do have a spare weapon.<br/>
I reached for the dagger on my waist.<br/>
Glare<br/>
The eyeballs of the large monster whose face I had shaved off was turned towards me.<br/>
At the same time, the monster stretched out its hand.<br/>
Without hesitation…<br/>
[<Blade Set>!]<br/>
I plunged my dagger, which had its blade strengthened with magic, into the monster’s eye.<br/>
[Gyaaaaaooo!]<br/>
The monster screamed and violently shook its body.<br/>
I’m thrown out towards the air.<br/>
[!]<br/>
Losing control of my body while in midair, the monsters simultaneously jumped towards me.<br/>
Even though I’ve released my limits, I’m entirely defenseless in midair.<br/>
My dagger is still impaled in the monster’s eye.<br/>
I don’t have any weapons now.<br/>
[H- Hey, Nihei! The President’s in danger!]<br/>
[H- Half! Can half of us go save the President!? Oryaaahhh!]<br/>
[Kuh, it’s impossible! All of us were focusing everything on our defense!]<br/>
Neither <Blade Set> nor <Inner Bomb> can be activated without weapons.<br/>
I’ve already tried doing that before.<br/>
If only I had a weapon…<br/>
Whatever weapon is fine.<br/>
It doesn’t have to be a spear.<br/>
Even if it’s a sword…<br/>
Anything.<br/>
If only I had a weapon in my hand.<br/>
[……?]<br/>
Suddenly, the liquid metal-like sphere contracted and took the form of a sword.<br/>
The next moment, that silver-colored sword flew at a frightening speed—–<br/>
Fwwwssshhhh!<br/>
—and placed itself into my hand.<br/>
Without any time for me to guess what happened—- I swung my sword in midair.<br/>
No need to do those useless swordplay.<br/>
I began cutting the monsters attacking me into pieces, one after another.<br/>
I finally land on the ground.<br/>
The corpse of the fallen monsters rolled around me.<br/>
I looked at the sword in my hand.<br/>
It really fits in my hand…..<br/>
I grip the handle with all of my strength.<br/>
(Create…… “Creation”…… Does this mean that it’s an inherent skill that generates weapons at my request……?]<br/>
Behind me, the large monster that shook me off was about to attack.<br/>
Strengthened after I released my limits, I dodged its attack.<br/>
I took a glance at the circle formation.<br/>
They’re alright.<br/>
Their formation isn’t crumbling anymore.<br/>
As the monster’s arm crashed on the ground and the dust fluttered about, I decided to aim at the monster’s legs.<br/>
(If I can’t destroy its head, I should at least destroy its legs……)<br/>
It’s unclear if I can take away its ability to move with just a single strike.<br/>
The range and power of my <Inner Bomb> is proportional to the size of the weapon.<br/>
Therefore, it’s less effective against larger monsters.<br/>
Since there still are other monsters I need to look out for, I can’t spend too much time fighting one of them.<br/>
That’s why I aimed at its head first, a body part where a person would be mortally wounded even if they’re struck with lesser force.<br/>
(It’s now vigilant after being struck on the head…… In that case, I’m sure that it wouldn’t be vigilant for a strike on its legs……! If I could somehow skillfully do this……)<br/>
Kicking off the dust, I lunged forward.<br/>
I slipped beneath its guard and approached as far as my blade could reach the monster’s ankle.<br/>
Along with a loud scream, I thrust my sword.<br/>
However, just as I was about to thrust my sword, I was struck—-<br/>
—-by surprise.<br/>
[———-Eh?]<br/>
[Gyaaaauuuaaaaaahhhhh!]<br/>
The monster roared.<br/>
The thing that pierced the large monster’s leg was—-<br/>
A gigantic blade.<br/>
The blade was part of my sword.<br/>
Yes…<br/>
[Its blade—– became larger……?]<br/>
At the moment I was attacking, the blade of my sword became gigantic.<br/>
Moreover…<br/>
(I don’t feel its weight……)<br/>
This sword certainly had mass.<br/>
This sword certainly had power from its strikes.<br/>
However—- it feels light.<br/>
Trying it out, I slashed my sword overheard, to a gyaku-kesa.<br/>
(T/N: 逆袈裟 / reversed kesa. It’s a slash from bottom right to the upper left.)<br/>
Slash!<br/>
With the diagonal slash trajectory intact, the monster was split in half.<br/>
This certainly is a huge blade that was just the right size at killing this large monster.<br/>
Influenced by a sense of unreality, I gulped as I looked at the sword.<br/>
After defeating the monster…… the blade of the sword returned back to its original size.<br/>
(That means, this is……)<br/>
I began pondering.<br/>
(A weapon that changes its size at will…… matching with the opponent’s size……?)<br/>
Moreover, I can’t feel its weight at all.<br/>
(Creation……)<br/>
The ability to grant a weapon sought by the skill user.<br/>
Assuming that was so…<br/>
(Maybe I could get another weapon……)<br/>
[I want—-]<br/>
Running forth, I sharply muttered.<br/>
[Weapons.]<br/>
The sword in my right hand splits.<br/>
One of the newborn swords fit itself in my left hand.<br/>
And when I arrived near the circle formation—-<br/>
A slaughter began.<br/>
Or perhaps, it would have been better to call it a one-sided slaughter.<br/>
The screams of monsters whirled around the area.<br/>
Although I stayed quiet, my appearance as I draw near them looks ghastly—- For I’ve only brought slaughter, slaughter and slaughter.<br/>
The weapon in my hands will change its appearance in various ways depending on the situation.<br/>
It would sometimes be a sword, sometimes a spear, sometimes an axe, and sometimes a sickle—-<br/>
All of these weapons were fluidly used by me.<br/>
The Kisou-ryu is a school that was originally designed to be used in a real battlefield.<br/>
Spears would be our main weapon, but the weapons that the enemies and allies used on the battlefield also “counts” in the weapons we use.<br/>
Even the bamboo spear and chained sickle used by those refugee hunters were added into the assumption for weapons to be used.<br/>
And by extension, the ability to fight empty-handed and even the change in the way we fight on different battlefields……<br/>
Yes, in the end, the Kusou-ryu is a school that—–<br/>
—teaches every kind of martial art.<br/>
Silver weapons were floating near me.<br/>
I had generated a weapon in the air ahead of time in case I need to use it next.<br/>
I would sometimes throw my weapon, and they would come back to my hand again.<br/>
However, while the weapon I threw is still returning, I would also pick up another weapon and chop up the nearby monster with these weapons.<br/>
After gaining the super speed from releasing my limits, the monsters couldn’t follow me anymore.<br/>
A silver world that can be transformed at will.<br/>
In this battlefield, the S-Rank Hero had transformed into a limitless fierce god clad in silver light.<br/>
