[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c184](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/184/)
<br/><br/>
<Sogou Ayaka POV><br/>
[Haaahhh…… haaaahhh……]<br/>
I wonder how many of them I have killed.<br/>
Having hunted down all the monsters blocking our way, me and the others were now heading for the North Gate.<br/>
(Bane-san……)<br/>
I look over my shoulder, in the direction of the southern ramparts.<br/>
From the strange sounds I’ve been hearing coming from the distance, that place is probably filled with monsters.<br/>
My inherent skill may be powerful, but it still has a weakness.<br/>
It is weak against too many enemies.<br/>
The weapons made by <Silver World> can change their size according to the target’s size.<br/>
Even if I had a huge sword in my hand, I couldn’t maintain its huge size.<br/>
If the next opponent is small in size, it will match its size with it.<br/>
In other words, it will get smaller.<br/>
There are times when some other nearby monsters will get involved while I’m defeating a large one.<br/>
However, I can’t fight with just a gigantic weapon all the time.<br/>
If the large monster dies, I can’t use a large weapon.<br/>
Moreover, it seems that the farther their distance from me, the weaker these inherent weapons.<br/>
The offensive power and the strength will fall down.<br/>
I’ve tried spawning a spear and throwing it to a monster, and it turns out these weapons had a specific range.<br/>
Just as the spear I threw flew to a certain distance, the spear came back towards me.<br/>
Then, the inherent weapon was recombined with my other weapons I held.<br/>
On the contrary, the attack performance of the inherent weapon when the distance is close is tremendous, especially when I held it myself.<br/>
At melee distance, I could kill any monster with a single swing.<br/>
There’s no monster that couldn’t be cut or pierced.<br/>
It could be said that this is a unique skill that specializes in melee fights.<br/>
And if it weren’t for the speed I gained after I released my limiters, I wouldn’t have been able to kill so many enemies.<br/>
However, I may not be feeling it, but releasing my limiters are definitely accumulating some burden on my body.<br/>
Even if it’s an inherent skill, I wouldn’t be able to use it once I ran out of MP.<br/>
In fact, my MP was decreasing rapidly while using it.<br/>
And so, I’ve released my inherent skill.<br/>
In this situation, we can’t take the option of heading towards the south wall.<br/>
My fighting style doesn’t show its true value when I’m fighting against a large amount of enemies.<br/>
If we were to be attacked by more monsters than we’ve fought earlier—–<br/>
(I’m not sure I can protect everyone……)<br/>
In that case, for now, we should first join up with the armies of the different countries that should be outside the north gate.<br/>
If it’s an army versus an army, there’s a chance to win.<br/>
Biting my lips, we continued running.<br/>
Most of all…<br/>
(Perhaps, Bane-san is already……)<br/>
As if suppressing myself, I furrowed my brows.<br/>
No, don’t even think about it.<br/>
Even if I know it, I don’t have the time to think about it now.<br/>
At that time…<br/>
[That’s…… Guira-san!?]<br/>
Approaching on horseback was the castle lord, Guira Heith.<br/>
Since that angry Human-Faced descended down from the sky and chaos ensued, his whereabouts were unknown.<br/>
I can’t see his guards anywhere, but it appears that he survived.<br/>
If I remember correctly, I’ve heard that he’s from the lineage of heroes.<br/>
Putting his mental aspect aside, I think he should still have a certain level of ability.<br/>
I ran over towards him.<br/>
[Guira-san, you’re safe.]<br/>
Looking at him, I could see that Guira was holding his hand over his belly.<br/>
[Yeah, I didn’t expect to get injured……]<br/>
Guira’s body lurches.<br/>
Thud<br/>
[Ugh.]<br/>
Tumbling off his horse, there were some things stuck on his back.<br/>
I wonder if it’s the monsters’ claws or horn.<br/>
Moreover, on closer inspection, he also had a wound on his abdomen.<br/>
His guts…… were popping out.<br/>
He was dead.<br/>
Now, he’s dead.<br/>
He’s already dying huh.<br/>
I didn’t notice it earlier…<br/>
[P- President……]<br/>
Nihei looked pale as he looked towards me.<br/>
[Kuh…… Let’s go, everyone……]<br/>
I wonder if there were any other people that survived.<br/>
Killing the monsters popping out from behind the buildings, me and the others head for the north gate.<br/>
Thereupon…<br/>
[They’re fighting……?]<br/>
Near the north gate, a battle was taking place.<br/>
It looks like they’re being pushed around, but the Human side’s defensive formation has managed to tread well against the enemies.<br/>
[Everyone, let’s back them up!]<br/>
Answering my call, Nihei and the others followed as I ran.<br/>
Together, we stormed into the battle.<br/>
Some of the monsters got caught in between a pincer attack.<br/>
As a result, me and the others were able to drive out the monsters almost unscathed and joined the group in a defensive formation.<br/>
[President……?]<br/>
[Murota-san! You’re safe!]<br/>
The people fighting now were the remaining soldiers and Kirihara’s group.<br/>
I quickly issued instructions and asked Kayako and the others to take up a defensive formation.<br/>
[Suou-san, Nihei-kun, I’ll leave this place to you! I’m going to stay and back up the other soldiers!]<br/>
<Silver World>—– Activate.<br/>
I joined the group that were still fighting the monsters.<br/>
With my intrusion in the battle, the situation completely changed.<br/>
Thus, the monsters that had gathered near the north gate had been swept away for the most part.<br/>
Turning my back to the astonished soldiers, I walk back near Murota.<br/>
Murota Erii, the acting leader of Kirihara’s group after Oyamada, looked at me, flabbergasted.<br/>
[You’re…… the President, right……?]<br/>
[Eh? T- That’s right but……]<br/>
[No, I should have expected so…… It’s the President after all…… It’s just that, it felt like you’ve completely changed……]<br/>
I’m relieved though.<br/>
[Anyhow, I’m glad that everyone’s alright……]<br/>
Murota turned silent.<br/>
[Murota-san?]<br/>
[You’re mistaken…… Ikumi died.]<br/>
[Eh? Kariya-san……?]<br/>
(Speaking of which……)<br/>
Looking closely, I can’t see Kariya Ikumi anywhere near them.<br/>
She was also one of the members of Kirihara’s group.<br/>
Clenching her body close, Murota grit her teeth.<br/>
[I- Ikumi…… Just as we were escaping, we saw her being eaten by a monster…… We wanted to help her, but we’re too scared that we fled…… We abandoned her and fled……]<br/>
[No way……]<br/>
The fourth death in our class.<br/>
A small smile appeared on Murota’s lips.<br/>
However, her eyes were as dark and hollow as a deep cave.<br/>
[Ikubi-sa…… Even though half of her face was already eaten…… However, I can still see her mouth moving…… “Save me”, is what I feel she’s saying…… Haha…… What the heck…… This is just a bad dream, right?]<br/>
Blood oozed out as I bit on my lips.<br/>
Grabbing both of Murota’s shoulders, I suppressed the helplessness she’s carrying.<br/>
[—–Hang in there, Murota-san. We need the power of Kirihara-kun’s group, which has all the B-Rank Heroes. Please, lend me your strength.]<br/>
[……Huh? I mean…… Where’s Shougo? I thought I heard him scream after that monster with many limbs fell from the sky……]<br/>
[O- Oyamada-kun……]<br/>
With a bitter expression on my face, I explained the situation to her.<br/>
[Ha, haha…… The heck? Shougo and Yasu…… did they die? The Dragonslayer and the other members of the Four Revered Saints, all of them died? Seriously, the heck is that…… You’re really funny……]<br/>
Her “That’s really funny” sounds totally lifeless though.<br/>
[W- We can’t be sure if they’re both dead yet! Even Bane-san and White-san……]<br/>
I didn’t see them die.<br/>
Therefore, I’m not certain of their deaths.<br/>
[They might still be alive! I mean, even Murota-san has survived and in this place!]<br/>
[……We’ve only survived thanks to Agito-san.]<br/>
[Agito-san? Come to think of it, Agito-san—-]<br/>
I tried searching for him.<br/>
However, I can’t find him nearby.<br/>
[He took a bunch of cavalries and went to bring down that monster made of limbs…… I don’t know where they are now though. Or rather….. It’s because Agito-san has been protecting us that we’ve managed to get here……]<br/>
(Then…… That Offensive Technique that lured away the Human-Faced that ate Abyss-san, the one that has been fighting from the distance……)<br/>
So, that’s Agito Angoon huh.<br/>
Now, it seems that he used his own body as a decoy and lured away that angry Human-Faced.<br/>
[I don’t know if Agito-san is still alive or not…… I’ve been wondering…… If this is where we die, President…… I already feel like all these fighting we did is useless……]<br/>
[Say, why……]<br/>
[?]<br/>
[Why don’t you go outside the north gate?]<br/>
Once they went outside, they should be able to join up with the armies of the different countries that were camping there.<br/>
Lifelessly, Murota pointed at the north gate with her thumb.<br/>
At that moment…<br/>
Boom!<br/>
The gate loudly shook inwardly and let out a screech.<br/>
She said that something outside was breaking down the gate with a battering ram or something like that.<br/>
Listening closely, I could hear the loud roars of monsters outside the gate.<br/>
[That’s how it is…… There are monsters outside the gate as well……]<br/>
[Eh? But those people should be outside the gate……]<br/>
The armies of the different countries should be there.<br/>
[I don’t know…… Isn’t it possible that they died?]<br/>
No, that’s not it.<br/>
They haven’t fallen yet.<br/>
Listening carefully, I can hear their voices outside the gate—- outside those ramparts.<br/>
It’s a bit far from the north gate though……<br/>
That’s right.<br/>
Those are the sounds of battle.<br/>
There may certainly be a large number of monsters near the north gate.<br/>
However, there are still humans fighting outside.<br/>
I look at the north gate.<br/>
[………………….]<br/>
If we can wipe out the horde that gathered outside the gate……<br/>
If we can break through them…<br/>
We could join up with them and do it.<br/>
I tightly squeeze my sweaty hands.<br/>
Rather, if we open the gates from here and take the lead in trying to break through their horde by surprise……]<br/>
[President.]<br/>
Lifelessly, Murota spoke.<br/>
[……I think it’s already over.]<br/>
Murota’s lifeless eyes were pointed in the opposite direction of the north gate.<br/>
Then, Moe spoke.<br/>
[Ayaka-chan…… “That” is…… umm, the Human-Faced—–]<br/>
Turning around, I saw something approaching from the direction of the south wall.<br/>
[Miyooonnn…… Miyoooonnnn……. Miyoooonnnn……]<br/>
[Baaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiii———-!]<br/>
[Nyaaaaiiiiiii…… Nyaaaaaaaiiiiiiiii!]<br/>
Three Human-Faced.<br/>
[Ah———]<br/>
That spherical Human-Faced formed by humanoid upper bodies, had the Dragonslayer’s gigantic sword stuck on its body.<br/>
The head of the four-legged Human-Faced with the large head is crushed and smashed.<br/>
The third Human-Faced that appeared behind the others had lost its legs and was crawling at a frightening pace with only its two arms.<br/>
[Bane-san.]<br/>
The traces of the fierce triple battle against these three monsters.<br/>
It turned out that Banewolf struggled against the three Human-Faced.<br/>
He must have already been determined to die when he fought.<br/>
However, if those three have left the south wall and they’re now heading here—–<br/>
[……………]<br/>
The Human-Faced with a gigantic sword stabbed on it made its move.<br/>
At the same time, the sphere Human-Faced with upper bodies covering its body threw something towards us.<br/>
[Miyooooonnnnn…… Miyoooooonnnnnn……]<br/>
A large amount of ball-like objects come flying towards us.<br/>
Those with shields and Defense Skills tried to protect themselves from the objects falling from the sky.<br/>
However, “those” things falling from the sky doesn’t really have that much offensive power.<br/>
One of the Heroes let out a short scream.<br/>
It’s because what the Human-Faced threw—– were human heads.<br/>
Finding “something” in the heads lying on the ground, I grind my teeth and my expression distorted.<br/>
[White-san……]<br/>
The second sister of the Four Revered Saints, White Angoon was mixed among them.<br/>
Her head doesn’t have eyeballs.<br/>
I let out a thin sigh.<br/>
And then…<br/>
[Murota-san.]<br/>
[President?]<br/>
[If you want to give up……]<br/>
With a spear in hand, I started walking forward.<br/>
[Do it after I died.]<br/>
Kayako gulps.<br/>
[Sogou-san, don’t tell me……]<br/>
[Everyone, stay here and keep your defenses up. I’ll take care of those three.]<br/>
Glaring at the south, a drop of sweat ran down my cheek.<br/>
They’re the reason why we made it this far.<br/>
The reason why everyone managed to escape.<br/>
[This path you’ve made for me…… I’m not going to let it go to waste.]<br/>
Once again—- I released the limiters on my body.<br/>
Even though those things were wounded, I’m still fighting against those Human-Faced.<br/>
[<Silver World>]<br/>
However…<br/>
(I will absolutely—–)<br/>
—Not give up until the end.<br/>
On both of my hands—- I create my inherent swords.<br/>
When all of these battles come to an end, it’s alright even if my body ends up broken.<br/>
Now, I have to show everyone.<br/>
That’s right…<br/>
[There’s still hope here.]<br/>
With the two swords in my hands ready, I, Sogou Ayaka powerfully kicked off the ground.<br/>
▽<br/>
Screams resounded around the area.<br/>
[And this should be the last one.]<br/>
I thrust my blade downwards.<br/>
I coldly spoke the name of a technique synonymous to their death sentence.<br/>
[<Inner Bomb>] <br/>
An explosion erupted from inside the Human-Faced.<br/>
Their flesh exploding, pieces of flesh flashily scattered up in the air, falling towards the ground.<br/>
The Human-Face falls down on the group.<br/>
Only its head had barely retained its original shape.<br/>
A large mouth with its protruding tongue oozed out blue blood, characteristic of the Human-Faced.<br/>
Behind the head were the two corpses that had fallen first, turned upside down.<br/>
The two Human-Faced that died earlier had also been totally different from how they look like before.<br/>
[Three Human-Faced…… She took them on all by herself…… That can’t be……]<br/>
One of the soldiers shuddered as he muttered that.<br/>
[W- What’s with her speed…… There’s also the way she fights with the weapons she freely spawns……]<br/>
[That’s a Hero from Another World…… An S-Rank Hero huh……]<br/>
I could feel awe from their voices.<br/>
Over the corpses of these Human-Faced, I roughly exhaled.<br/>
[Haahhh…… Haaahhh……]<br/>
<Your level has increased.><br/>
I press down on the wound on my left arm.<br/>
(I’m not able to defeat them unscathed……)<br/>
No, my opponents were those Human-Faced.<br/>
It’s rather fortunate that I was able to get away with just this level of injury.<br/>
It was also because the enemies were already wounded.<br/>
Banewolf had already done quite a bit of damage to them.<br/>
That’s probably why I was able to defeat them even if there were three of them.<br/>
Filled with gratitude, I thought of Banewolf—–<br/>
[……., ———————]<br/>
I suddenly feel uncomfortable.<br/>
[……?]<br/>
Slowly, I turned around.<br/>
Waves of monsters.<br/>
Or should I say, they’ve finally arrived huh.<br/>
The hordes of monsters that had been lingering around the south wall earlier were now surging into this place.<br/>
From yet another direction, I heard a loud crash.<br/>
The sound of that thunderous roar made me turn my head towards that direction.<br/>
Sweat began running down on my cheeks, dropping from the tip of my chin to the ground.<br/>
[Haahhaaahh…… Haaahhh……]<br/>
The sound of my own breathing is louder and louder.<br/>
Feeling a bad premonition, my eyes caught the sight of snow falling from behind the destroyed north gate, and the appearance of the Ogre Soldiers coming in.<br/>
<Author’s Notes><br/>
I had originally planned to update it the day before yesterday, but I couldn’t polish it up in time…so it was pushed back to a later date. I’ve written about it before, but I’m struggling to write it because the structure of the past five chapters is a bit special at the moment.<br/>
Come to think of it, as you pointed out in the review section, Sogou Ayaka could be said to be the “main character” in her own right. In fact, I feel like she was set apart from the rest of my classmates from the beginning when she had mastered that ancient martial art called Kisou-ryu.<br/>
Also, I got two new reviews after the last story update. Thank you very much.<br/>
And the other day, Volume 4 of “I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything” was released on 10/25. Thank you very much for your feedback on the purchase.<br/>
In Volume 4, I checked the whole story and made some minor adjustments, such as streamlining some of the battle scenes, which I think made it much easier to understand than the Web Novel version (Though I had some difficulty deciding how to handle this……). And as for the additional contents, volume 4 is roughly two (though there are a few others). For one thing, there’s a scene added at the end with the Takao Sisters that might make you think, “Oh, this is what happened after that. I don’t know if this scene will change the development of the Web Version in the future…… Another well-written scene is “What was Seras doing to the wounded Touka in the cave? is depicted from Seras’ point of view. In many ways, I wonder if Seras is going to be okay. By the way, for the original contents, KWKM also drew the illustration of the scene this time.<br/>
This time, the color pages have been handed over to the Takao Sisters and unexpectedly, to him…… I hope you can replenish your Seras Energies from these illustrations……! ……But if I were to say which one’s my favorite, I would say that it’s the illustration of the Witch……<br/>
(T/N: same tbh.)<br/>
Thanks to all of this, we were able to deliver Volume 4 without a hitch. Thank you again to all of you. Thank you very much. The chapter 4 of the manga were posted on the release date, and with Uchiuchi Keyaki-sama’s powerful and well-honed composition, and Uyoshi Shou-sama’s art that wonderfully expresses the horror of the enemy, a very hot battle is unfolded outside the Disposal Ruins. Please take a look at the manga as well.<br/>
The next story will be from the perspective of Touka.<br/>
