[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c187](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/187/)
<br/><br/>
[That’s right. That determination of Humanity makes them most suitable for harvest. However—-]<br/>
[……!?]<br/>
[That nonsense of yours, I wonder how long you can keep that up!?]<br/>
Zweikzeed is still on the defensive.<br/>
While he danced with his blood blade—–  I moved forward.<br/>
However, I would be pushed back each time I attacked.<br/>
It seems that he realized it huh.<br/>
(He realized that I’m at a disadvantage if this fight took longer than it should be……!)<br/>
It can be said that the two of us were in a state where we’re trying to struggle for the upper hand.<br/>
I can’t seem to find any factor that would decide this fight.<br/>
On the other hand, Zweikzeed himself was also struggling to attack.<br/>
Therefore, he avoided a short-term decisive battle with me and turned this into a battle of attrition.<br/>
If that were to happen, it would be really bad for me.<br/>
(If I can’t take my distance from this Confidant…… In that case—-)<br/>
The victory will be decided by our armies’ remaining forces.<br/>
Ogre Soldiers.<br/>
The monsters from the Demon Zone.<br/>
The Holy Alliance is now in a position where they’re being sandwiched between these two forces.<br/>
However, our allies have still managed to hold on.<br/>
Especially the army that was commanded by Cattleya, they were putting up a good fight against them.<br/>
Currently, she also had the soldiers of the Anti-Demon White Castle under her command after they lost the castle lord.<br/>
Neia’s Female Holy Knights alo kept the enemies at bay.<br/>
Alion’s army was also nibbling unto the enemy’s forces, showing the effectiveness of the steady tactics of attack and defense.<br/>
Duke Polarie is barely keeping the morale of his soldiers in check.<br/>
As the person that the Goddess placed in that position, he really had high commanding skills.<br/>
The Bakuos army was also struggling against them.<br/>
Among them, the attacks from the sky by the Black Dragon Knights can be said to be powerful.<br/>
However, they need to be wary of the crossbows from below.<br/>
Therefore, if we need to fight for a while, they can’t just do whatever they want.<br/>
And, as for the Heroes…..<br/>
Unaffected by the Tyrant’s Miasma, they stood at the forefront against the Ogre Soldiers.<br/>
They were holding firm in their formation, and they were now fighting without any danger in their lives.<br/>
However, I could see that they were just barely holding on.<br/>
Once one of the cornerstones in their formation collapses, that could result in the total collapse of their formation.<br/>
(Everyone, do your best! Kuh…… I should at least……!)<br/>
Swooossshhh!<br/>
Spreading wind pressure, I tremendously mowed down my opponent with my inherent sword.<br/>
However…<br/>
Klang!<br/>
His thick, large blades repelled my attack.<br/>
(No! If he keeps his defensive stance, that also means he can’t attack……!)<br/>
As I expected, I can only hope that my other allies will push through them.<br/>
Sure enough—– My prayers showed signs of coming to fruition.<br/>
My allies began pushing back the monster while they slowly closed in on them.<br/>
The Heroes, in particular, have defeated a considerable amount of Ogre Soldiers.<br/>
The reason why they managed their situation changed for the better is probably that…<br/>
(Level ups.)<br/>
That’s right.<br/>
The more monsters they kill, the stronger the Heroes become.<br/>
They gain experience, and then level up.<br/>
While I’m currently releasing my limits, I’m at quite a disadvantage in longer fights.<br/>
However, if I were to fight normally—-<br/>
(It would be us Heroes, who have the advantage in longer fights.)<br/>
In fights, we could grow.<br/>
Our MP also recovers.<br/>
This is the Heroes from Another World, the so-called Saviours of this world.<br/>
A spirited strike from me sent Zweikzeed a few distance away.<br/>
[Ngh!?]<br/>
(Now’s the time!)<br/>
I found an opening on the enemy’s guard.<br/>
And I wouldn’t let such an opening pass.<br/>
Without a moment’s delay, I charge forward.<br/>
[My name is Eingrantz, the First Oath of the Demon Emperor.]<br/>
A dignified voice echoed out in the battlefield.<br/>
His voice is so loud that it’s as if he’s using a loudspeaker.<br/>
This alarming presence spontaneously drew my attention.<br/>
Even the other Heroes stopped their hands and gazed upon where the voice came from.<br/>
And then…… their expressions begin to turn into despair.<br/>
[No way…]<br/>
In front of our eyes…<br/>
[That amount of Ogre Soldiers……]<br/>
The battle formation of the Ogre Soldiers stretched even further to both sides.<br/>
It’s like a net that catches its prey.<br/>
And in the middle of their formation—- I could see a ridiculously sized throne.<br/>
The throne was being carried by a few huge monsters from below.<br/>
It’s like they’re carrying a portable throne.<br/>
A purple shadow is seated on the throne.<br/>
Even from a distance, I could feel the heavy pressure from it.<br/>
Strangely, I also felt that the atmosphere on the battlefield has become heavier.<br/>
The new enemy’s forces were slowly, but surely advancing towards us.<br/>
[What in the world is that number……]<br/>
I could feel astonishment covering the noble Cattleya’s voice.<br/>
Duke Polarie had also stopped in his steps.<br/>
[Where the heck did he get that amount of monsters……!? That wasn’t even in the report! There’s no way that we, the Holy Alliance, wouldn’t notice such a large amount of Ogre Soldiers moving around!]<br/>
Eingrantz spoke.<br/>
[Thou must have been very surprised, Oh Humans. You must have been wondering how did this amount of Ogre Soldiers get here…… However, that’s only if they really moved to this place.]<br/>
As if thrusting the answer to us, Eingrantz spoke.<br/>
[I created them.]<br/>
[Created… them……?]<br/>
Duke Polarie became indignant.<br/>
[T- That’s impossible! The only one who can create the Golden-eyed monsters is the Root of All Evil……! In that case, you can’t possibly be—–]<br/>
[You’re mistaken.]<br/>
Eingrantz flatly denied Duke Polarie’s conjecture.<br/>
[I’m not the Great Demon Emperor. I am…… I am he who has been given power by the Demon Emperor. Therefore, without having to conduct a great march, it was possible for me to “bring forth” an army nearby. From my point of view, ye never stood a chance from the start.]<br/>
(T/N: The Root of All Evil and the Great Demon Emperor were two different things they mentioned, so I’ve thought they were different. Does this sentence mean they’re the same?)<br/>
“I could bring forth more Ogre Soldiers if I feel like it.”<br/>
The discomfort that Cattleya has been feeling is right.<br/>
Little by little, the newly created Ogre Soldiers were joining the enemy’s battle formation.<br/>
They were probably created—- in the mountains and forests nearby.<br/>
That’s the only place where they can hide the Ogre Soldiers they created.<br/>
However, some questions still remain.<br/>
Why didn’t he bring forth this whole army right from the start, and why did he bring them at this time—-<br/>
[………………..]<br/>
“No.” I quickly changed my mind.<br/>
Crossing my blades with him, I glared at Zweikzeed.<br/>
It’s exactly because the time is right.<br/>
The time to crush their hope.<br/>
The time to give them even deeper despair.<br/>
They made their appearance at the worst—– at the “best” possible time.<br/>
[Eingrantz-sama is the most exceptional among us Oaths. He’s the one my Emperor has great confidence in. I am not without a hint of regret at the fact that his strength is too overpowering compared to mine……!]<br/>
Swinging his blood blade, Zweikzeed howled out.<br/>
I could feel awe in his voice—- along with envy.<br/>
The being that made the Second Oath envy him.<br/>
The First Oath, Eingrantz.<br/>
(This is bad.)<br/>
If that were the case, then his Tyrant’s Miasma should also far surpass Zweikzeed.<br/>
If an enemy like that were to fly into this battlefield, no matter how much people we have—-<br/>
[Uwaaaahhhhhh!?]<br/>
A rain of spears began pouring down from the sky.<br/>
It looks like these spears were being thrown from the front line of the enemy reinforcements.<br/>
A large long spear.<br/>
However, the spears didn’t seem to have been thrown to attack us.<br/>
That’s because…<br/>
[Wa…… Walter-dono……?]<br/>
A stunned gasp leaked out from the Three Dragon Warriors, Gus, who’s flying in the sky.<br/>
It then began descending from the sky……<br/>
The corpses of the Black Dragon Knights, following Walter who was pierced by a spear.<br/>
Walter’s body has been disfigured all over the place.<br/>
Moreover, his body was skewered along with the black dragon he’s riding in, whose body was also disfigured.<br/>
The spear has some hook shaped part on it, and this part apparently fixates them to the spear.<br/>
The human part, the black dragon part……<br/>
The human’s… the black dragon’s…<br/>
The human. The black dragon……<br/>
If I could describe it with a few words, it would be wretchedness.<br/>
His face contorted in pain, Gus screams.<br/>
[Walter-donooooooooooooo———!]<br/>
I know it doesn’t mean anything.<br/>
It’s all just—- to spread fear to everyone.<br/>
In fact, the enemy’s plan has been successful.<br/>
I could see some soldiers were beginning to retreat, perhaps out of fear.<br/>
[——-and now, let the despair begin——–]<br/>
Eingrantz held up a huge cup.<br/>
A toast, or so he’s trying to say.<br/>
At Eingrantz’ words, the Ogre Soldiers gained momentum.<br/>
Fiercely howling, they began pushing back the front.<br/>
However, even so, the Holy Alliance still had the advantage of numbers.<br/>
(We can still do it if we can keep our morale high…… If I can defeat Zweikzeed and take on that Confidant that just appeared…… We still have a chance to win……! Therefore, I will—-)<br/>
—————-rattle rattle rattle rattle rattle—————-<br/>
[?]<br/>
(What’s that sound……)<br/>
From the back of the enemy reinforcements’ battle formation, something that looked like an enormous bowl was brought in, passing through the formation.<br/>
At the end of the thick stem, a huge budding “something” is eerily shaking.<br/>
The silhouette somehow looks like a human’s “lips”……<br/>
As I battled Zweikzeed, I glimpsed towards it.<br/>
(What is that?)<br/>
Zweikzeed’s golden eyes followed where I’m looking at,<br/>
[Earlier this morning, my Ogre Maneuvering Corps invoked the Demon Emperor’s Vessel inside the castle. Thou should be able to remember it, right?]<br/>
[!]<br/>
This morning, a loud screaming sound rang out.<br/>
Immediately after that, the monsters from the Demon Zone rushed in as if they’re following a signal.<br/>
[Even my emperor couldn’t create the Human-Faced. However, if it’s the Demon Emperor’s Vessel that calls out the Human-Faced, our Demon Emperor would easily be able to make them……!]<br/>
That is to say, it’s a device that attracts more monsters—-<br/>
[Moreover, this time’s Demon Emperor’s Vessel is many times more effective than the one used this morning……! Do you know what this means, Hero of Hope!]<br/>
I could feel the hairs in my body raising.<br/>
I felt my sweat turn cold and goosebumps appeared across my body.<br/>
That can’t be.<br/>
(That is—- That can’t be possible……!)<br/>
Reinforcing the Ogre Soldiers, a new Confidant appears.<br/>
And there’s more…<br/>
There would also be more reinforcements coming from the Demon Zone.<br/>
[Who—–]<br/>
I put all of my strength in shouting.<br/>
[Whoever comes my way, I will destroy themmmmmmmmm————!]<br/>
As my sword clashed against another, I mustered my strength in this shout.<br/>
In a hoarse voice, I then go on to explain “what” that enormous bowl could do.<br/>
My voice, which was often heard in the classroom, was shouting.<br/>
My voice resounds and becomes a wave that travels across  the battlefield.<br/>
It didn’t take much time for the commanders of each army to learn that information.<br/>
At the same time, the Ogre Soldiers reinforcements gathered around the Demon Emperor Vessel.<br/>
I think they’re trying to protect that Demon Emperor Vessel.<br/>
Standing up from his throne, Eingrantz spreads his arms wide.<br/>
[The time to activate it is about ten minutes counting from now. Now then…… Let me see ye stop it, Humans!]<br/>
At that time…<br/>
[Children of Neia!]<br/>
On top of her horse, Cattleya raised her horse.<br/>
[Now is time for us to drop our defenses, and start a straightforward—– an all-out straightforward attack! If more reinforcements come in from the Demon Zone, we will lose our advantage of numbers! Be prepared to lay down your lives…… All for my sake! All units—-]<br/>
The Princess General aimed her sword at the Demon Emperor’s Vessel and resolutely dropped her sword down.<br/>
[Charge!]<br/>
Led by Cattleya, the cavalry turned into a muddy stream.<br/>
A charge that is almost equal to risking their life, aiming for the Demon Emperor’s Vessel.<br/>
The Ogre Soldiers with long spears in their hands formed a formation, stooping down and taking a stance waiting for their charge.<br/>
[……! That’s bad, that formation would turn the cavalry into……]<br/>
It was Gus, who’s in the sky, that quickly grasped the battle situation.<br/>
[—–Listen to me! The soldiers of Bakuos!]<br/>
His black dragon’s wings spreading wide, Gus shouted.<br/>
Then, he changed direction and pursued Cattleya and the others.<br/>
[I will now go to support Cattleya Stramius and Neia’s troops! Those who pledged to protect the future of this world at the cost of their lives—- Follow me!]<br/>
Gus’s voice pierced through the battlefield.<br/>
[——————]<br/>
For just a moment, there was some pause in thought among Bakuos’ soldiers.<br/>
However, immediately after—–<br/>
[UUUOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH————-!!!]<br/>
A large wave of acknowledgement came back from Bakuos’ soldiers.<br/>
We’re no longer in a situation where we can say anything about the relationship between these two countries.<br/>
Even Bakuos’ soldiers realized that.<br/>
Gus’ black dragon turns into a black cannonball as it charges forward to strike upon the enemies.<br/>
This caused the long spear formation of the Ogre Soldiers to break up.<br/>
The black dragon that landed on the ground roared with its ear=piercing voice, intimidating the enemies.<br/>
Following the final Three Dragon Warrior, the black dragon thrust upon the enemies like a crashing avalanche.<br/>
Then, the Holy Knights led by Cattleya, charged into the “opening” that appeared in the enemy’s broken formation.<br/>
The women set out to break apart the enemy’s formation even further.<br/>
With their sharp fangs, the black dragons bite into the Ogre Soldiers necks and eat away their flesh.<br/>
The Bakuos infantry also slashed the Ogre Soldiers as much as they could.<br/>
The all-out offensive battle has begun.<br/>
Since we abandoned our defenses, the damage on our side also increased.<br/>
The Ogre Soldiers also became spirited after they think that we’re finally turning desperate.<br/>
A black dragon frantically mows down the enemies with its tail, who mercilessly surround the dragon and lash out with their long spear.<br/>
A holy knight is tortured to death when his horse is overturned and he is mobbed by Ogre Soldiers.<br/>
However, no one is frightened.<br/>
Everyone is putting  their lives on the line to destroy the Demon Emperor’s Vessel, which could prove to be a decisive factor in this war.<br/>
Pursuing the muddy waters where Neia and Bakuos are, is Alion’s army.<br/>
Duke Polarie is leading their charge, waving a military flag in one hand and straining his voice to shout.<br/>
[We’ll be going too, warriors of Alion! Let’s show these filthy Ogres the power of our country that has been defeating the Root of All Evil! Charge! Chargeeeeeeeeeee——!]<br/>
A torrent of human armies continuously expanding out attacked in waves, aiming towards the Demon Emperor’s Vessel.<br/>
[——Let’s go too.]<br/>
Kayako said.<br/>
Raising his sword, Nihei calls out to everyone.<br/>
[……If it’s the President, she’ll definitely be able to take down that Confidant she’s fighting now, and then defeat that Confidant that just appeared! T- Therefore…… We should buy some time until the President takes down that Zweik-whatever his name is! Follow…… me!]<br/>
The Heroes finally broke up their formation and joined the others in their charge.<br/>
(Everyone……! Ugh—-!)<br/>
I don’t have any choice. I’ve decided—– it’s time to completely give up on defense.<br/>
With the utmost power and technique, the purity of my attacks is raised to the limits.<br/>
I could feel my creaking arm screaming at me as I slashed at him with a gyaku-kesa.<br/>
(T/N: 逆袈裟 / reverse kesa. a slash from lower right towards the upper left.)<br/>
[Ngh……!?]<br/>
Slash!<br/>
Fresh blood spurted out around Zweikzeed’s shoulder.<br/>
And…<br/>
[I threw it aside.]<br/>
Zweikzeed’s golden eyes which are filled with cruelty, narrowed.<br/>
[—–All of my defenses.]<br/>
The eyes of the Confidant aren’t on me, but on Cattleya and the others who are charging in.<br/>
——–Ba-dump——-<br/>
(Don’t tell me…)<br/>
I suddenly felt a chilling feeling rapidly permeating within my heart.<br/>
[That Demon Emperor Vessel—– It actually takes 10 minutes to invoke itself. But if I wanted to, I could also activate it immediately.]<br/>
[!]<br/>
[That’s right. If they were to know the time that it will take to activate, they will lay down their annoying formation, drop their defenses and they will charge in, prepared for their death……! And it really happened!]<br/>
Hook, line and sinker.<br/>
Everyone was united in their hearts as they headed towards the hope of a ray of sunshine.<br/>
However, it was all in the palm of the enemy’s hands.<br/>
They would, of course, plan to break up the formation of our soldiers.<br/>
But more than that…<br/>
(He made us implicitly believe that there’s hope if we destroy that in 10 minutes—–)<br/>
He wanted to drive them into a deeper despair through deception.<br/>
Tears began flowing down from the corner of my eyes.<br/>
He’s too unscrupulous.<br/>
This is too cruel.<br/>
All of this, just to trample our hearts?<br/>
All just to trample down everyone…<br/>
(It’s my fault…… I just accepted the enemy’s words without thinking about it…… It’s all because of my call……! But this is…… this is why!)<br/>
The Ogre Soldiers’ formation began spreading out wide and took the form of sieging my allies from all directions.<br/>
The monsters from the Demon Zone also followed behind the Holy Alliance Army, which broke through their defenses and charged into the Ogre Soldiers.<br/>
Then, the Demon Emperor Vessel twinkled out several streaks of purple light around it.<br/>
It looks like a glittering prism.<br/>
Zweikzeed transforms his blood swords into scythes again.<br/>
It’s as if he’s saying that “It’s finally time to harvest.”<br/>
[It’s too late……! It’s too late for everyone! All that’s left is——]<br/>
For a moment, it felt like the world stopped as everything sunk into silence.<br/>
[A bloodbath!]<br/>
And thus…<br/>
Everything…<br/>
[Igiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnneeeeeeerororororororoooiiiihhiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeiiiiiiiieeeeeiiiiggggiiiiieeeeeeeiiiiiinnnnnneeeeerrrrororororororooooiiiiihhiiiiiiiieeeeeiiiiieeeeeeegggeeeeeeeeeeeggeeeaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh————–!!!]<br/>
—began to be covered in the veil of despair.<br/>
On my allies’ side, there were many who still haven’t perceived them yet.<br/>
There’s still not a lot of many before the time he proclaims ends.<br/>
And yet, it activated.<br/>
Meanwhile, some of the commanders gradually began to notice.<br/>
That they were deceived.<br/>
That they were aiming to break up our formation.<br/>
Most of all—- that they were played around.<br/>
Their cruelty isn’t the only characteristic of our enemies.<br/>
They were also playing around with effective measures like psychology and strategy……<br/>
[T- That’s impossible…… There should still have been some time…..]<br/>
Some of them lost their strength and slumped down where they stood.<br/>
Without thinking, I reached out towards my companions who have turned absentminded.<br/>
[Everyone—-]<br/>
[In the midst of a one-on-one battle, showing an opening like that—–]<br/>
[!]<br/>
Oh no!<br/>
[—is unspeakably detestable.]<br/>
The blood scythe gouged out my flesh.<br/>
[The difference between hope and despair…… This is truly the harvest I have been looking for.]<br/>
And then, from the Golden Demon Zone—–<br/>
The demon’s power arrived.<br/>
□<br/>
My ears could hear them arriving.<br/>
The sound of the footsteps of monsters marching through the earth.<br/>
Coming from the south wall was the demonic sound of the army of monsters.<br/>
The sound of despair that will eventually bring out our nightmares, the color of despair.<br/>
The end has begun.<br/>
▼<br/>
——-Something isn’t right.<br/>
I wonder who was the first person who noticed it?<br/>
The vibrating earth certainly heralds the arrival of a new army of monsters.<br/>
However…<br/>
Something isn’t right.<br/>
This is…<br/>
Yes…<br/>
[Screams……?]<br/>
The screams of monsters.<br/>
They were, at least, not the raised voices of monsters who are about to enjoy their hunt.<br/>
Not in the least.<br/>
Up in the skies embracing the sun—– Like an explosion that destroyed everything, the sound of an explosion roared out.<br/>
On the other side of the south wall, an enormous amount of light flickered.<br/>
What in the world is happening?<br/>
Whether it’s the Great Demon Emperor’s army, nor Zweikzeed, not even Eingrantz…<br/>
They look as if they had no idea what was going on.<br/>
[What the…… What the heck is happening……]<br/>
Then…<br/>
[Uuuuooooooooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh——–!]<br/>
It was the angry Human-Faced that showed up.<br/>
The Human-Faced that Agito lured away had emerged from a corner within the city walls.<br/>
However…<br/>
Pause<br/>
It suddenly stopped moving——<br/>
[Eh?]<br/>
An incomprehensible and inexplicable phenomenon occurred.<br/>
Just when we thought that this angry Human-Faced emerged from the shadows—-<br/>
A great amount of blood spurted out from its body before it collapsed.<br/>
Immediately after…<br/>
From the other side of that massive body, spreading out a rain of blood—–<br/>
Some things are rushing forward.<br/>
Stone statues.<br/>
Flooding forward—- was a cluster of humanoid stone statues.<br/>
I can’t tell if they’re monsters or not.<br/>
However, whenever they find a nearby monster—–<br/>
Those stone statues would begin attacking it.<br/>
As the blue blood of the Human-Faced rained down, the stone statues silently bring down the monsters.<br/>
I wonder how many of them are there?<br/>
Those stone statues running around, whether it’s the Ogre Soldiers or other monsters, they would catch them and beat them to death.<br/>
Then, “something” stuck out of the cloud of dust aside from the flock of stone statues, rushing towards our direction.<br/>
A horse-drawn carriage with an unpleasantly aggressive form.<br/>
It’s so ragged that it looks as if it’s been through a grueling battlefield.<br/>
And a multi-legged, burning-eyed black horse.<br/>
On the carriage pulled by such a humongous horse—– is a sinister dark silhouette with red eyes.<br/>
He is kneeling on one knee, while his overcoat flutters behind his back.<br/>
Aside from this person who had his hand on his fly mask, there are two other people in black coats with masks that look almost similar to flies—– They were standing with their overcoats fluttering behind their back while their hands were placed on their weapon.<br/>
[Henceforth——]<br/>
A loud, distorted voice peacefully, but powerfully struck the air of the battlefield.<br/>
[The Great Demon Emperor’s army, as well as the Golden-eyed monsters on this battlefield will be dealt with by my Fly King’s Squadron, formerly known as Ashinto—–]<br/>
His wicked voice carrying absoluteness, just like a demon king, proclaimed.<br/>
[And will be trampling them down.]<br/>
