[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c188](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/188/)
<br/><br/>
<Author’s Notes><br/>
We’ve received five reviews since the last chapter update. Thank you very much. We have received more than 100 comments since the last update… we are surprised and happy.<br/>
We’ve also received word that our latest update for the Light Novel, Volume 4, following after Volume 2, has also been reprinted. I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone who has purchased the book. Thank you very much.<br/>
Well, I’ve had a hard time writing this story… In the end, my plan to update it yesterday was pushed back to today… I hope you enjoyed this story as much as I did.<br/>
—–Ker-chak—–<br/>
Removing the Gem of Voice Amplification from my mask, I toss it into a small, sealed container.<br/>
I then put the container of the Gem of Voice Amplification into a pouch, in which I tied up its opening.<br/>
This way, my voice won’t be amplified even if it still has some magic energy remaining.<br/>
Our conversation from here on out will be at a normal volume.<br/>
Incidentally, that sealed container is a lightly modified version of a modern food container that was transferred by my leather bag.<br/>
[——“We made it in time.”… is what I’d like to think but…]<br/>
I look at one of the maelstroms in the battlefield.<br/>
[For the time being, it looks like the military flag of the Holy Kingdom of Neia hasn’t fallen down into the ground yet.]<br/>
We’ve been madly rushing  through the Demon Zone until just a moment ago.<br/>
While the voices of battle were growing louder in our ears—- it happened.<br/>
A scream that closely resembled the Kuchiyose once again shook the vast monster-filled forest.<br/>
Another golden-eyed tsunami began washing over the area.<br/>
The scale of this wave has far surpassed the previous one.<br/>
The clusters of underground ruins where monsters are said to have once fled into.<br/>
This time’s “Kuchiyose” probably went even deeper than that.<br/>
Even the ones dwelling within the ravine have finally crawled out.<br/>
From that point on, it was impossible for us to be regretful of things we need to sacrifice.<br/>
And now—- We’ve managed to push through the monster stampede and arrived here.<br/>
Eight hooves.<br/>
Four wheels.<br/>
The violent stomps crashing down on the ground.<br/>
I look back in the direction of the Demon Zone we had come through.<br/>
[In the end, we’ve almost used up all the weapons we borrowed from Erika……]<br/>
However, there wasn’t any need for us to hesitate.<br/>
There was only one direction those monsters were aiming at.<br/>
They’re heading north—– towards the Anti-Demon White Castle.<br/>
It’s the place where the princess of Neia is probably still present.<br/>
Golden-eyes spring forth from every direction.<br/>
If we can destroy them before they reach us, we should be able to reduce the threat to the princess.<br/>
If we’re going to kill them anyway—- why don’t I just kill them when they’re within my reach?<br/>
However, the amount of monsters that flooded over was more than I could have imagined.<br/>
They have almost exhausted all the weapons made by the witch, but I still failed to completely annihilate them.<br/>
And so, in the end—– I have to use my “trump card”.<br/>
“The Final Army”<br/>
It was originally a small gem carved with a seal and placed into a satchel.<br/>
But when a certain amount of magic is poured into it, the gem will “return” back to its golem form.<br/>
“This is Erika’s trump card against those golden-eyes. I’ve built this one from scratch, you know? There are super-compressed combat golems sleeping in this one. In this gem, let’s see…… I wonder how many golems I’ve packed into this one?  These are golems that reacts and attacks only Golden-eyed monsters, so it doesn’t attack other creatures.”<br/>
Erika explained.<br/>
“I can’t have you looking down on this Erika Anarveil, don’t you think? I’ve been thinking for an instance where the Great Demon Emperor would attack this place.”<br/>
“However…” Erika remarked.<br/>
“”Returning” this gem will require a tremendou amount of magical energy. That’s why I originally only envisioned using this on a place like this where I have an abundant amount of magic energies stored, directly spawned by the Holy Tree. However—- With the amount of magic energy you’re able to produce, there’s a chance that you should be able to “return” it.”<br/>
Yeah—- I’ve managed to “return” it alright.<br/>
……It’s just that, I’m sorry.<br/>
I don’t think I’d be able to return this trump card that she lent to me.<br/>
She explained to me that the effect duration of these golems are limited.<br/>
Taking out my pocket watch, I checked the time remaining.<br/>
[……………..]<br/>
I guess we need to finish this battle as soon as possible.<br/>
Right now, half of the golems should be holding back the monsters around the area outside the Demon Zone.<br/>
The other half was following us past the castle and into this battlefield.<br/>
One after another, the cluster of golems that followed us started to separate from each other.<br/>
The golems rushed straight into the battlefield where the humans and demons fought.<br/>
The soldiers on the human side initially attacked the golem as well.<br/>
It turned into a free-for-all battle.<br/>
It’s not unreasonable for them to think that they’re enemy reinforcements.<br/>
However, the golems didn’t fight back at all.<br/>
Even when attacked, they don’t even seem to care.<br/>
The golems just keep on only beating down the golden-eyed monsters to death.<br/>
Thereupon, the humans began to realize that the golems’ only target was monsters.<br/>
……Little by little, a united front is beginning to take shape.<br/>
[Now then……]<br/>
I look out over the ragin battlefield.<br/>
[It’s a lot different from our original plan but…… Well, it doesn’t really matter as long as we can accomplish our goal.]<br/>
We would lend our strength to Princess Cattleya, and help her out if she needs it.<br/>
I extend Pigimaru’s tentacles to a war horse that has lost its rider.<br/>
[Pigii!]<br/>
There was still some burden Pigimaru was carrying from when we used the combination technique in the Demon Zone.<br/>
That’s why we can’t use our combination technique right now.<br/>
However, he has recovered enough that he’s able to play the role of a wire.<br/>
I pulled the horse to keep it from getting away too far.<br/>
[Seras.]<br/>
I called out to Seras who’s in the form of the Fly Knight.<br/>
[You should go to the princess. After that…… You’re on your own for a while.]<br/>
[—-Understood.]<br/>
Seras, who was also wearing a Gem of Voice Alteration on her mask, enquires with her distorted voice.<br/>
[Umm, Touka-dono……]<br/>
[As for me…… If it’s possible, I want this battle to quickly end.]<br/>
I turn my gaze to a certain point.<br/>
[It’s just as I’ve informed you before, but I’ve still got someone I’d better deal with first.]<br/>
[In that case, I think I should help you out there first…]<br/>
[Even if we finish my business quicker, all of it will be for nothing if that princess dies. ……It’s just for today, so go back to being the Princess Knight of Neia and serve your former master well.]<br/>
Seras paused for a bit before replying.<br/>
[—–Yes.]<br/>
Seras leaps onto the saddle of the horse, her black overcoat fluttering behind her.<br/>
She gently settled herself on the horse.<br/>
Apparently, the power of the wind spirit softens the impact of her fall.<br/>
[I will be responsible for the protection of our lord.]<br/>
Seras looks up at Eve in her Fly Knight form from her mount.<br/>
[I’m glad you’re here. Touka-dono…… I’ll leave him to you.]<br/>
Eve, who has already transformed into her human form, nods her head.<br/>
[Umu, don’t hesitate and go.]<br/>
Seras left the chariot and ran towards the Neia flag.<br/>
Eve removes her gaze from Seras who’s taking distance away from us.<br/>
[Then, what are we going to do?]<br/>
An army of Ogre Soldiers are waiting for us at the destination of our carriage.<br/>
In the middle of their army, I saw a stupidly big portable shrine that really stands out.<br/>
In front of that portable shrine—-<br/>
A huge, bipedal purple beast is imposing standing.<br/>
He had his arms crossed while observing us.<br/>
[We’ll kill that one.]<br/>
[…..I understand. That one is more intimidating than the Ogre Soldiers and the monsters nearby.]<br/>
[Taking a quick look around…… There are two of them that look like bad news. That’s the executive demons that Erika mentioned huh—– I think she called them Confidants? That one doesn’t feel like a Human-Faced.]<br/>
[That pretentious being…… is the commander of the Great Demon Emperor’s army here?]<br/>
[That’s probably so. And whenever it’s a group battle, whenever the head falls, the other people follow its downfall. Most of all, I’ve heard that the Confidants possess a dense amount of Tyrant’s Miasma, which greatly influences the battlefield.]<br/>
To be more precise, these Confidants are also a type of monster……<br/>
Their experience would be really promising.<br/>
Even though they’re Confidants, they would end up being fodder for the 2-C bunch sooner or later.<br/>
Behind the mask, my mouth naturally lifts up a smile.<br/>
If that is the case, this fodder……<br/>
How about just making this fodder into a “sacrifice” for the Fly King, all for the sake of the future?<br/>
In that case…<br/>
[It’s harder for me to find a reason not to crush you here.]<br/>
It’s just that…<br/>
[It seems that someone is already dealing with that demon with the 6-shaped horn over there…… From his movements, he looks like he’s injured but……]<br/>
Still, he’s still struggling for the upper hand against that monster.<br/>
However—- The heck is that?<br/>
That one who’s dealing with that demon with the 6-shaped horn.<br/>
There’s something strange in his weapon.<br/>
His huge blade is clearly visible even from where I am.<br/>
……No, no matter how you look at it, that’s too huge.<br/>
That’s obviously not the right size for the user to wield.<br/>
However, it seems that the user is able to handle it without any problems……<br/>
It’s either he’s an absurdly strong muscle man—- or he’s holding onto a special weapon which possesses no weight.<br/>
[………………]<br/>
Wait.<br/>
He can move that much even near the Confidant…..<br/>
I guess I won’t be mistaken if I think he’s a Hero from Another World.<br/>
However…<br/>
[………………]<br/>
[Touka, what’s the matter?]<br/>
[—–That is…]<br/>
Is that Sogou……?<br/>
A Hero of 2-C.<br/>
Although there was a near miss with them in the Demon Zone……<br/>
This is the first time I’ve seen a 2-C student in person since I’ve been disposed of.<br/>
[I didn’t get any information about the Heroes, aside from Vysis and Kirihara’s departure though…]<br/>
I see.<br/>
So, Sogou is here huh.<br/>
If that’s the case—– I guess it’s right for my group to stand united with their group.<br/>
The only possible obstacles would be…… Oyamada, Yasu, Ikusaba and Kirihara’s lackeys huh.<br/>
So far, I couldn’t see them anywhere.<br/>
Well, I doubt that they can afford to get in my way in this situation.<br/>
If they dare screw around, I’ll just think of how to respond to them at that time.<br/>
I don’t have the time to devote towards that uncertainty right now.<br/>
……From what I can see, Sogou is somehow able to hold her own against the Confidant.<br/>
If I’m not mistaken, she’s an S-Rank Hero.<br/>
If that’s the case…<br/>
[We’ll take care of that demon with 8-shaped horns over there first.]<br/>
[……That’s fine, but are you sure it’s alright if we don’t support that one fighting the demon with 6-shaped horns?]<br/>
A smile lifting up in one corner of my lips, I snorted.<br/>
[Even if we support that one, that demon with 8-shaped horns would come over anyway.]<br/>
That demon with 8-shaped horns must have seen the scene where I killed that Human-Faced which was composed of countless limbs.<br/>
The reason why I killed that was to recover my MP through level up, but—–<br/>
[I easily killed that Human-Faced with a mysterious power, and even brought a horde of golems while I proclaimed of “trampling down” all the enemies in sight. If he’s smart enough, the first thing he would do is deal with us.]<br/>
[Were you originally planning to deal with the enemy’s general with your trump card?]<br/>
[If I’m able to use the Abnormal State Skill against him, I should be able to slaughter the higher-ups among the demons. That’s what I want to try out.]<br/>
[But is that alright? You also claimed to be a former-Ashinto. However, I heard that you planned to have Ashinto remain “missing” the entire time……]<br/>
[If things had happened just as we originally planned, that’s what I originally planned to do. However…… It’s not as if we can just support the princess in the shadows and slip in among  the mercenaries they would be recruiting now that this happened. A large number of people would inevitably witness the power of the Abnormal State Skill.]<br/>
And that’s why I chose to declare this “identity”.<br/>
[If I call myself a former Ashinto, I may be able to impose that the true identity of my Abnormal State Skill is our prided “sorcery”.]<br/>
A group of sorcerers who disappeared from Urza.<br/>
The mysterious power of “sorcery” that annihilated the Black Dragon Knights, led by the “Humanity’s Strongest”.<br/>
The destruction was done by the unidentified power, “sorcery”.<br/>
That’s what those Ashinto bunch were buzzing about when they were still alive.<br/>
[Fumu, the true nature of the sorcery was actually a special poison but…… we may be the only ones who know about it. If that’s the case, then maybe we can get away with insisting that we’re using the power of sorcery huh.]<br/>
[Eventually, Vysis will find out that I’m still alive. I’ve already taken being revealed into account…… but it’s never too late for us to be detected by her. We’ll try covering up our tracks as long as we can. Therefore…… We’ll just have them know that my Abnormal State Skill is “sorcery”.]<br/>
[U- Umu…… So that was your purpose in naming ourselves as such huh.]<br/>
Pouring my magic energy into the magic spear made by Erika, I look behind my back.<br/>
[……Alright, don’t just keep following me and chase after them.]<br/>
A flock of golems are following behind our chariot.<br/>
Or more precisely, they are aiming towards that demon with 8-shaped horns and the Ogre Soldiers around it.<br/>
Lowering my gaze, I spoke to Slei who was roughly breathing as she moved forward.<br/>
[Sorry. You only have to hold on for a little longer, Slei.]<br/>
[Bururururururu!]<br/>
“Leave it to me”, or so she neighed back.<br/>
Incidentally, I’ve figured out why Slei’s behaviour has been strange lately.<br/>
It appears that she held a bit too much power.<br/>
Or perhaps, it would be more accurate to say that she was confused by the sensation of being full of power.<br/>
If you think about it, it had only been a short while since Slei was born.<br/>
She should still be a baby, so to speak, and she should still have been in her “growth phase” from now on.<br/>
Apparently, Slei has grown even more during her time with Erika.<br/>
Her body was also more built up.<br/>
Her stamina is also higher than before.<br/>
if she had been running with the physical strength she had before we reached the Witch’s home, she might have ran out of strength sooner than now.<br/>
[Slei, this operation wouldn’t have been possible without you.]<br/>
Eve and the golems are killing the monsters swarming around them.<br/>
Without slowing down, the chariot went straight, aiming towards the demon with 8-shaped horns.<br/>
[We’re almost in range.]<br/>
[You can do it, right? Touka.]<br/>
[That’s under the premise that my Abnormal State Skill will also work on that demon with 8-shaped horns though.]<br/>
However, I don’t think I’d see any problem.<br/>
I’m one of the Heroes from Another World, the being who could get close and absolutely counter the Root of All Evil.<br/>
If the Heroes have been crushing that Root of All Evil all these time……<br/>
It should be infinitely less likely for that being to have a skill-disabling ability.<br/>
[If he could invalidate the Heroes’ skills, then there wouldn’t be any point in summoning the Heroes. Perhaps, the problem would be that demon with 8-shaped horns—-]<br/>
I stared at the demon with 8-shaped horns.<br/>
[I wonder what kind of being is that?]<br/>
I instruct Eve to detach Slei from the chariot.<br/>
Then, I jumped on Slei and glanced behind me.<br/>
Behind me, while the chariot is almost close to being destroyed, Eve landed on the ground without difficulty.<br/>
Eve and I parted ways here once.<br/>
On the other hand, the golems are still following me like before.<br/>
I spread my arms out while still on horseback.<br/>
[Listen, filthy servants of the Great Demon Emperor!]<br/>
Facing the demon with 8-shaped horns, I sonorously raised my voice.<br/>
[I once led the group of sorcerers, Ashinto, but I’ve now changed its name under my lead as the Fly King Squadron! Now…… Cower in fear, you filthy purple beast whose only redeeming quality is your size! Or perhaps, are you thinking you even had an inkling of a chance to defeat me, he who defeated the “Humanity’s Strongest”!?]<br/>
Sonorously informing him, it seems that he heard my voice.<br/>
The demon with 8-shaped horns took a step back.<br/>
[Ngh……!? A- Albeit thee was but a lowly human…… thee dare mock this Great Demon Emperor’s First Oath, Eingratz……]<br/>
……I can certainly hear him, but the volume of the Confidant’s voice is lower.<br/>
It seems that until now, his voice was amplified just like when I used my Gem of Voice Amplification.<br/>
Could it be that voice manipulation is one of this Confidant’s abilities?<br/>
Clad in arrogance, I placed my hand on my mask and pointed towards Eingrantz.<br/>
[I am part of the Lineage of Heroes, the heir to the Hero who defeated the Root of All Evil! Yes, in short, I’ve inherited the power to exterminate demons……! Therefore, even against the Confidants, they are powerless before my heroism! Even a bastard like you should have seen it too! The power of my sorcery, which has killed even the Human-Faced with a single blow!]<br/>
[Nuuuhhh……! All this mockeries…… Unforgivable! By no means will this be unforgivable! Get out of the way, peasant! Ye all art free to kill on thee own accord! Now, get out of the way!]<br/>
The ground shook as Eingrantz moved forward.<br/>
The line of Ogre Soldiers split open to both sides.<br/>
The path became open.<br/>
At my direction, Slei increased her speed even more.<br/>
Eingrantz was about to run towards me.<br/>
At that moment…<br/>
[!]<br/>
Swooossshh!<br/>
A giant spear, clad in a pale lightning flew past me.<br/>
Eingrantz was about to charge towards me.<br/>
The demon with golden eyes suddenly became aware of the anomaly that occurred outside of his awareness.<br/>
[Mhmm!?]<br/>
That’s the magical spear made by Erika that Eve threw.<br/>
It came shooting towards Eingrantz with the speed of a railgun.<br/>
That’s right—- Eingrantz’ attention was on me all along.<br/>
Moreover, he turned indignant after I agitated him.<br/>
He shouldn’t be calm enough to pay attention to Eve’s movements in the distance.<br/>
It’s normally appropriate to see it that way but—–<br/>
[How crafty.]<br/>
Slap!<br/>
With his thick arm covered in purple fur, Eingrantz swatted away the spear.<br/>
As the spear shattered, it fell down on the ground while its glow disappeared.<br/>
……That magic spear held quite the speed.<br/>
However, Eingrantz quickly reacted and intercepted it.<br/>
The strike from the magic spear’s surprise attack—– was shattered into pieces.<br/>
Then, at that moment—-<br/>
Collapse!<br/>
My upper body falls down.<br/>
[———-!?]<br/>
[Fuuunnn…….]<br/>
Eingrantz snorted.<br/>
[It finally happened huh.]<br/>
[!]<br/>
I slightly raised my face.<br/>
In front of me stands a calm and composed Eingrantz.<br/>
He should have been really furious from my ridicule just a moment ago……<br/>
He now suddenly had the atmosphere of an imposing warrior.<br/>
Eingrantz stared at me……<br/>
He’s about 200 meters away from me.<br/>
The purple Confidant looks like he’s lying in wait.<br/>
[Kuh! My body……!?]<br/>
[This is your loss, Ashinto’s king. Thou art already—-]<br/>
Turning the tables towards me, Eingrant spread out his arms.<br/>
[     Within the domain of my Tyrant’s Miasma     ]<br/>
I somehow tried to get my body up.<br/>
However, my body won’t get up.<br/>
It was as if I had been seized by a terrifying force of gravity.<br/>
[From the beginning, you’re trying to get my whole awareness into thou by that sonorous declaration of thine…… In addition, thy insolent words that wanted me to become agitated, losing my composure. And when an opening appears, thou wou’d attack with that spear…… or so that’s what ye art planning. However, I’ve long seen through thy plan.]<br/>
Eingrants brandishes his right arm forward.<br/>
[Thou art not the only person who fights with intelligence. Making it seem like I lost my composure at thy agitation was all but my performance. I even drove away those rabid and crazed Ogres away from my surroundings in order to make my performance more believable…… And I dared to make an opening to draw thou in—- Into the domain of my Tyrant’s Miasma.]<br/>
The intense pressure shook my mind, trying to muddle my consciousness.<br/>
I felt like my gastric juices would spurt out of my body.<br/>
[Keheeeuukk!]<br/>
Vomit violently burst out of my mouth.<br/>
Slei—- still haven’t stopped.<br/>
This is because monsters aren’t affected by the Tyrant’s Miasma.<br/>
His arm expanding, Eingrantz growled.<br/>
[Even if thou had held the lineage of the olden heroes…… Even if thou hadst defeated the “Humanity’s Strongest”! As long as you’re born in this world, thou hath not a chance to defeat me! Ye all will be helpless before my Tyrant’s Miasma……! For this is the gift from the Tyrant himself! Henceforth, I will have thou relish upon true despair! I will also have thee dying flesh be fed to these Heroes that we will capture!]<br/>
His pulsing golden-eyes cruelly narrowed.<br/>
[For naively estimating my Tyrant’s Miasma, I will have thou repent this, for all thee lowly life.]<br/>
I lift my arms.<br/>
——I finally entered.<br/>
Within range, that is…<br/>
[          <Paralyze>          ]<br/>
20 meters.<br/>
My bad—–<br/>
The one who’d be repenting will be you.<br/>
————Crickle, crackle—————<br/>
[———!? What… the……? My arm…… It won’t… move……? Nay…… All of… my body……!?]<br/>
It worked.<br/>
Towards the Great Demon Emperor’s army, even the Confidant.<br/>
[Now then……]<br/>
With my arm thrust forward, I ask.<br/>
[What did you say about the Tyrant’s Miasma again?]<br/>
When I got “within the range” of his Tyrant’s Miasma, I slumped forward.<br/>
Seeing that, Eingrantz was convinced.<br/>
That he won.<br/>
If the Tyrant’s Miasma works, I can’t possibly be a Hero from Another World.<br/>
After he saw that, the slightest bit of anxiety disappeared from his mind.<br/>
Eingrantz first wanted to draw me into the range of his Tyrant’s Miasma.<br/>
Fortunately, this human with a fly mask confidently rushed in while he spouted boasts.<br/>
He can continue to act like he’s agitated, while he lured me into his range……<br/>
And by the time I realized the power of his Tyrant’s Miasma—– it was already too late.<br/>
It was a complete victory.<br/>
I’m sure that’s what Eingrantz was thinking.<br/>
…… Clippity clop ……<br/>
I stop Slei from moving.<br/>
[…………………]<br/>
I get up from my position.<br/>
[——-!? That’s impossible! Even…… within my Tyrant’s Miasma….. thou could not…… possibly be able to…… move like that! Nay…… Don’t tell me…… You are…… Don’t tell me……!?]<br/>
It seems he finally noticed.<br/>
Yeah.<br/>
[Too bad, but it’s exactly what you’re thinking.]<br/>
All those things—- was so that he could enter within my range.<br/>
Seeing that I’m stuck when I stepped into his range, he didn’t suspect anything.<br/>
“That his Tyrant’s Miasma worked.”<br/>
At that moment, the thought of me being a Hero from Another World completely disappeared within his mind.<br/>
In fact, shortly afterwards, Eingrantz’ guard was completely lifted.<br/>
Eingrantz has absolute confidence in his Tyrant’s Miasma.<br/>
That’s why, he just let me jump into the 20 meter range without any vigilance.<br/>
But, of course.<br/>
The only thing he had in mind now was how to deal with me.<br/>
My acting of being affected by his Tyrant’s Miasma was also brilliantly done.<br/>
I had been told ahead of time about the conditions of those that were affected by this.<br/>
After all, I had Seras Ashrain with me, someone who had broad knowledge pertaining to old literature.<br/>
And then, there’s also Erika Anarveil, someone who has lived far longer than a human’s lifespan.<br/>
[Th…… This can’t be……! This me……]<br/>
[………………]<br/>
I was lucky that the volume of my voice wasn’t amplified at the moment.<br/>
……Well, I had a plan to deceive them if such a situation were to happen.<br/>
Looking at the paralyzed Eingrantz, I snorted.<br/>
[You know, when I was introducing myself and touting my accomplishments, you just ran straight towards me…… You know what I thought? “This guy must be an idiot.”]<br/>
[Guh……]<br/>
The miserable appearance of the weak is also a powerful trap to lure others to let down their guards.<br/>
However…<br/>
[It seems that acting like a “brainless person filled with confidence”—– can surprisingly be an interesting trap. Especially…… to a person who thinks he’s smart.]<br/>
[Im…… perti…… nent……]<br/>
[Also, you said something about acting out of range from instigation…… but you weren’t that good at acting that you can’t even fool yourself.]<br/>
Even when I was within the sphere of his Tyrant’s Miasma, he showed me the boundary between inside and outside the sphere himself.<br/>
“How crafty.”<br/>
When it got to the point where he was worried about whether I was going to be within his range or not, he forgot to act and just said those few words.<br/>
Even those just before that…<br/>
“Mhmm!?”<br/>
He acted surprised from that spear.<br/>
What I mean is…<br/>
[Oddly enough, there was too much of a difference in context within your acting.]<br/>
He’s able to think reasonably well.<br/>
He also had a combat ability befitting to be called Confidant.<br/>
However, it appears that—–<br/>
[I guess I was better in terms of our acting ability.]<br/>
