[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c191](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/191/)
<br/><br/>
Sogou huh.<br/>
……I wonder what I should do?<br/>
When she has already left earlier…<br/>
“Yeah… See you later.”<br/>
I did say that but…<br/>
Should I meet her?<br/>
[………………..]<br/>
After Sogou slashed that Confidant from behind…<br/>
“I’d like to thank you again later.”<br/>
–is what she said.<br/>
I was only responding to that request.<br/>
There’s nothing unnatural about it.<br/>
On the contrary—– Wouldn’t it be more unnatural for me if I were to refuse to meet them?<br/>
The Heroes from 2-C may become obstacles from now on.<br/>
Considering that, I’d like to acquire information on the other Heroes here as well.<br/>
At the moment, it can be said that the raw information from the Heroes themselves was really valuable.<br/>
Moreover, they weren’t hostile right now.<br/>
Or rather, they’re considering me as their benefactor who saved them from this crisis.<br/>
That means—– this will be a great opportunity.<br/>
It’s just that……<br/>
I asked the soldier who told me that Sogou was coming.<br/>
[Should I expect that all of those rumored high ranking Heroes have come to see me?]<br/>
[Ah—- No, it seems like it’s only Ayaka Sogou-dono who is an S-Rank in here. Or rather, I think the rest of them were B-Rank? I’ve heard that there are only the lower-ranking Heroes other than them……]<br/>
I see.<br/>
Sogou is the only S-Rank here huh.<br/>
From what I heard from Zweikzeed back when he’s backed to the corner……<br/>
“The highest S-Rank is no longer able to participate in the battlefield! By our emperor’s estimation, if this Zweikzeed can just hold off this S-Rank, we should have been able to easily bring down this place!”<br/>
“If he can hold off Sogou Ayaka, the only S-Rank Hero in this place, they can win.”<br/>
That’s what Zweikzeed was roaring out.<br/>
That must mean that information was accurate.<br/>
In that case…… The Takao Sisters aren’t here.<br/>
If it’s just Sogou in here, I think I could deceive them by my acting.<br/>
As for Kashima—– Well, it would be fine whether she’s here or not.<br/>
However……<br/>
The rest of them are below B-Rank?<br/>
Takao Itsuki is acting as a set together with her sister, so it wouldn’t be a wonder if she’s not here.<br/>
However, even Oyamada and Yasu aren’t here?<br/>
After a few seconds of thinking, I spoke.<br/>
[I understand. Well then, I’ll be seeing them now. Please guide us to them. Current Holy Knight Leader, would that be alright with you?]<br/>
[It’s alright for me. Of course, I would also be following you.]<br/>
[Yes, of course, you can.]<br/>
I make the motion of beckoning Eve with my finger.<br/>
[Mhmm, I’m also going too? Understood.]<br/>
The Takao Sisters who Eve encountered in the Demon Zone weren’t here.<br/>
I don’t have to worry about them finding out that she’s Eve Speed.<br/>
Approaching Eve, I brought the mouth of my mask closer to her ear.<br/>
[Basically, don’t speak a word there.]<br/>
Eve flinched for a moment at my whisper, but she immediately nodded her head.<br/>
[Acknowledged.]<br/>
I think she sensed that I had my own intentions.<br/>
The Takao sisters may not be there, but Kashima could be there.<br/>
Kashima has also made contact with Eve in the Demon Zone.<br/>
Her voice may have changed……<br/>
But I don’t want the slightest nuance in her speech to be found out by any chance.<br/>
Moreover, Eve’s also hiding her true identity for the time being……<br/>
If there’s anything else I’m concerned about though, it would be Ikusaba Asagi but—–<br/>
[…………………..]<br/>
When I finally saw Sogou and the others, my concern was put to rest for the moment.<br/>
I can’t see Ikusaba Asagi nearby.<br/>
Kashima isn’t here either.<br/>
As for the faces that I could see here……<br/>
I could see the ones Kirihara used to hang out with and some other people that they’ve also been hanging out.<br/>
Though, I could see a faint fear through the faces of some of my classmates.<br/>
This Fly King’s mask and attire probably look eerie for them.<br/>
These people are more likely unfamiliar with this appearance than the people from this world who knows about the legend of the Fly King.<br/>
Taking that into consideration, I guess I could understand their reactions.<br/>
[Ah——-]<br/>
When Sogou noticed me, it seems like she tried to say something.<br/>
However, I felt like the words were stuck behind her throat.<br/>
I think she was trying to call my name.<br/>
I respectfully bowed to them.<br/>
[My name is Belzegia. I’m the current leader of the Fly King Squadron, which was formerly known as Ashinto. It’s truly my honor to meet the Heroes from Another World, this world’s saviors.]<br/>
[N- No, that isn’t the case at all! Rather than that, I’m the one who got saved today……]<br/>
Sogou thanked me.<br/>
Sogou was using something that looks like crutches.<br/>
I can’t seem to see any wounds in her body but……<br/>
I wonder if she got sprains from her fight?<br/>
[Errr… Let me introduce myself again. I’m Sogou Aya—– no, I’m Ayaka Sogou. For saving us in that perilous situation, thank you very much.]<br/>
Rather than being polite towards me…<br/>
I’d say it’s just like Sogou acts as before.<br/>
[Being thankful…… You’ve fought quite a lot this time, didn’t you? Errr… You’ve been fighting around with that silver weapon that changes in size, right? —–Is that weapon a magical tool? That weapon contains are really interesting ability, don’t you think?]<br/>
[Ah, no…… That’s an Inherent Skill of a Hero—-]<br/>
It’s probably because I’m acting like I’m curious about it.<br/>
Sogou kindly explained the information about what she had comprehended about her inherent skill.<br/>
Nodding my head in interest several times, I let out a sigh of admiration.<br/>
[I see…… That’s quite a tremendous ability, that inherent skill is.]<br/>
Alright.<br/>
I have somehow understood Sogou’s inherent skill for now.<br/>
[I’m sure that even the other Heroes, especially those high ranking Heroes have tremendous inherent skills. Fumu… Quite interesting it is……]<br/>
Pretending to be a scholar with an intellectual inquisitiveness about all things, I groaned.<br/>
[Ayaka-dono, do you know the inherent skills of the other Heroes as well?]<br/>
Looking at “her life’s savior”, the Class President…<br/>
[Umm, if it’s just from what I know, I could tell you—–]<br/>
The plan got through.<br/>
Sogou spoke about the inherent skills of the high ranking Heroes, other than herself.<br/>
Two S-Ranks—— Kirihara Takuot and Takao Hijiri.<br/>
Three A-Ranks—— Oyamada Shougo, Yasu Tomohiro and Takao Itsuki.<br/>
However, the information she had about the Takao Sisters’ inherent skills were quite lacking.<br/>
[…………..]<br/>
Cloudiness appeared on Sogou’s face just as she was speaking about Oyamada and Yasu’s skills.<br/>
Thereupon, Sogou started to talk about how the two of them weren’t here.<br/>
[——And so, I got separated from Oyamada-kun and Yasu-kun…… I still haven’t found out where they are. All the military search parties were looking for them but……]<br/>
In other words, both of them are missing and their survival is still unknown as of the moment.<br/>
Being careful not to sound inappropriate…<br/>
[I will also pray that they’re alive.]<br/>
Murmuring so, I nodded.<br/>
[However—- I see. I guess the abilities of the Heroes are acting in a different rule compared to this world’s techniques and spells. It’s also different from the sorcery I’m using…… That’s quite an intriguing conversation we had. Thank you very much, Ayaka-dono.]<br/>
[N- No! Once again, I’d like to thank you for saving our lives in that perilous situation…… Umm, thanks to Berzegia-san—-]<br/>
Sogou turns her head behind her.<br/>
[I think everyone here has been able to survive.]<br/>
The 2-C bunch lined up behind Sogou.<br/>
From the looks of it, there are hardly any girls among them.<br/>
……Kirihara and the Takao Sisters should be on the Eastern battlefront.<br/>
In that case—- Ikusaba Asagi, Kashima and most of the other girls are on the west?<br/>
That’s only if most of the Heroes that were annexed int the Southern Army is here.<br/>
Even so……<br/>
[Thank you very much! Thanks to you, we’ve managed to avoid dying!]<br/>
[Sorcery is amazing, isn’t it?]<br/>
[If you hadn’t arrived, we would have died.]<br/>
[U- Umm, can I ask who that beauty is? Is that, by any chance, Seras Ashrain?]<br/>
No matter who it is—– all of their faces have changed into a beautiful one.<br/>
I’m not just talking about the relatively faint-hearted group that has been trying their best to hide at the time when I was being disposed of.<br/>
Suou Kayako, Minamino Moe, and some others have certainly changed as well.<br/>
However, it wasn’t the normally quiet group that bothered me.<br/>
It’s the ones who looked down on me with an evil grin when I was being disposed of.<br/>
Back when I’m being disposed of……<br/>
Where’s that triumphant look on their faces they had when they were being stirred up by the  Goddess?<br/>
[…………….]<br/>
The point is.<br/>
These guys were just grass boats floating on the river.<br/>
Generally speaking—- they’re the type that easily gets carried away by the currents.<br/>
Without creating a current of their own.<br/>
Without even going against the current themselves.<br/>
Following their emotions and intuition, they would easily get caught up in the currents of the moment.<br/>
Moreover, they were probably—- doing it unconsciously.<br/>
I’m not thinking it’s disgusting or wrong to get swept away though.<br/>
Stirred up by that f*cking goddess, they go along with the currents.<br/>
And when they got through after they’re thrown into a war zone where they’re life would be at stake—–<br/>
They would have faces like this.<br/>
They were just simply going along with the currents.<br/>
In that case…<br/>
[………………]<br/>
They’re not going to be a problem.<br/>
They could be easily swept away.<br/>
That means—–<br/>
If a current stronger than the Goddess were to be created, they would be swept along with that current instead.<br/>
If I were to create my own current, I could make them move at my will……<br/>
The problem would be—– those who aren’t flowing along the currents.<br/>
Those who don’t go with the flow, but makes their own flows instead.<br/>
The first one would be that f*cking goddess.<br/>
The others would be Kirihara Takuto and Ikusaba Asagi.<br/>
Takao Hijiri also seemed like someone who could create her own currents, depending on whose current she’s drifting in.<br/>
And lastly……<br/>
Through my mask, I stared at Sogou Ayaka.<br/>
The good-natured Class President.<br/>
I don’t think she’s the type who would make use of trickeries to create her current.<br/>
She’s the type of person whose actions are the result of her honest beliefs.<br/>
These types have a strong tendency to be followed by people who aren’t easily influenced by others.<br/>
Thinking about it……<br/>
He might seem to be the complete opposite of Sogou, but Kirihara might be the same type as her too.<br/>
In his case though, it’s hard to tell if what kind of current he’s trying to create……<br/>
Anyway—- that f*cking goddess’ current should be obvious.<br/>
Kirihara Takuo.<br/>
Ikusaba Asagi.<br/>
Takao Hijiri.<br/>
If we can crush or neutralize their currents, then I can do whatever I want after that—–<br/>
[Belzegia-san—– I’ve made up my mind.]<br/>
Using her cane, Sogou got closer.<br/>
There wasn’t a speck of cloudiness in her eyes.<br/>
[I’m going to try to get stronger. Stronger than anyone else.]<br/>
[……………]<br/>
[If I’m stronger than anyone else, I can protect everyone. In this battle, I understood that very well.<br/>
Sogou continued.<br/>
[I won’t let anyone die anymore…… I know not everyone in my class looks favorably towards me. I’m well aware of that. Some people would even shower me with harsh words. But still—–]<br/>
As if she’s saying this to herself, Sogou said.<br/>
[I will do everything in my power to protect all of my classmates.]<br/>
[……That’s quite admirable of you.]<br/>
Sogou’s gaze dropped down to her feet.<br/>
[Therefore, I will get stronger.]<br/>
[……………..]<br/>
[Stronger, to the utmost of my abilities.]<br/>
There was a strong determination in her voice.<br/>
[There are some things I can’t protect with just words alone…… There are many things I can’t protect without power. I feel like I’ve learned this the hard way through this battle.]<br/>
Sogou bites her lip.<br/>
[Moreover, even at that time—– when Mimori-kun was disposed of, it would have been different if I had the power. For instance…… If I were stronger than the Goddess……]<br/>
Rather than being directed towards me, those words sound like they’re more of a soliloquy.<br/>
[If only I had the power.]<br/>
[……You mentioned earlier that there are some Heroes from Another World who don’t look favorably at you?]<br/>
When I asked so, Sogou looks like she’s surprised as if she just came back to her senses.<br/>
I keep on asking my questions.<br/>
[For instance…… If they were to refuse your protection, will you still protect them?<br/>
[Yes.]<br/>
Sogou replied without hesitation.<br/>
She glanced out of the camp.<br/>
She’s glancing out somewhere far, far away.<br/>
[There’s a man named Banewolf…… But that man is now missing and was still being searched by the soldiers. He…… threw himself into harm’s way to protect us.]<br/>
Sogou looks at the cane that’s supporting her body.<br/>
[If only my body does what I want to, I would have liked to join the search but……]<br/>
Sogou was silent for a few moments before she turned her gaze back to the castle.<br/>
[That person—- Bane-san risked his life to protect us. Even though he had only just met us, he tried to protect us even someone who refused his help. He’s always been looking out for us. That’s right…… Even though we’re neither his family nor friend, even those soldiers on the southern ramparts which we’ve only met for the first time today, they all risked their lives just to let us escape. Bane-san isn’t the only one. Even Agito-san and all the other people…… Therefore—- I guess that’s what the people with power would do when they’re protecting someone else.]<br/>
A slight smile appeared on Sogou’s face.<br/>
[Whether it’s Kirihara-kun, Oyamada-kun, or Yasu-kun…… They might not like being protected by me.]<br/>
I see…<br/>
[However, even so—-]<br/>
Sogou Ayaka has spoken—<br/>
[If someone tries to hurt the people I wanted to protect…… I will be the one standing up against “whoever” that is—— and I will obstruct them will all of my might.]<br/>
—as this class’ President.<br/>
[I’m not letting anyone else die.]<br/>
Sogou turned towards our classmates behind her.<br/>
[I—– will be stronger. Stronger than anyone else.]<br/>
[………………..]<br/>
Then, a soldier came running up to my classmates.<br/>
Telling something to them, one of the girls stepped forward.<br/>
[Ayaka-chan!]<br/>
It was Minamino Moe who called out to her.<br/>
[He said that Bane-san has been found!]<br/>
[……Eh?]<br/>
Tears appeared on Minamino’s eyes.<br/>
[He’s still alive!]<br/>
[Really……?]<br/>
The Heroes began cheering.<br/>
Bane—– Banewolf.<br/>
They must be talking about that guy Sogou mentioned earlier huh.<br/>
[Excuse me, Berzegia-san…… I—-]<br/>
I’ve already acquired most of the information I needed.<br/>
[It appears to be good news. Yes, please don’t mind me. You should go right away.]<br/>
[Yes, thank you very much for saving us today. I’ll see you later.]<br/>
[—-Yeah. If I ever get the chance to see you again.]<br/>
…………………………………………………..<br/>
Sogou Ayaka.<br/>
If she’s just following her honesty, I wouldn’t know where she’d end up falling.<br/>
Perhaps, she may be the person closest to the image of a “Hero” that everyone has in mind.<br/>
At the same time—– she’s also a bundle of uncertainties.<br/>
In a way, she may be the most unreadable among the Heroes.<br/>
According to her explanation about her current condition where she even requires a cane just to walk, it’s due to the burden from the usage of a Kisou-ryu Technique called Limiter Thread.<br/>
In that case, she should eventually recover.<br/>
I watched Sogou’s back as she walked away with the help of our classmates.<br/>
Perhaps…<br/>
Hereafter, the one that could become the most troublesome obstacle among the Heroes from Another World——<br/>
[………………….]<br/>
I turn around.<br/>
[Let’s go, Astarva.]<br/>
Eve followed me back.<br/>
As we walk, I began expanding my thoughts to my plans in the future.<br/>
[—————-]<br/>
From here on out, how long the Great Demon Emperor will last may be the key.<br/>
The time that the Heroes will spend subjugating the Great Demon Emperor.<br/>
In other words, this will be the period when the number of pawns protecting the Goddess is reduced.<br/>
As per the previous information, if the Great Demon Emperor is the Goddess’ natural enemy……<br/>
We’re talking about that f*cking goddess here.<br/>
There’s a good chance that she won’t risk her own life and just remain in Alion.<br/>
It seems that the Great Demon Emperor appeared in the east.<br/>
I’ve also acquired that information too.<br/>
There’s also the words Zweikzeed said before he died.<br/>
That Eingrantz is a Strategian.<br/>
If that Confidant was unexpectedly an important pawn for the Great Demon Emperor……<br/>
Is it possible that the Great Demon Emperor will retreat when he learns of the war situation here in the south?<br/>
It would be best if the Great Demon Emperor learns of Eingrantz’ death and retreats to the northernmost land.<br/>
Conversely, it would be really troublesome if Kirihara and the others who went towards the east defeated the Great Demon Emperor right there.<br/>
It would have been good news if Kirihara and the others were to become disabled in that battle though……<br/>
[………………….]<br/>
If that Great Demon Emperor holes up in the northern lands, the S-Rank Heroes wouldn’t have any choice but to go to the northernmost land.<br/>
Along those times, the 2-C Heroes who would stand in my way of crushing the Goddess are temporarily gone.<br/>
At the very least, the S-Ranks should be heading north.<br/>
I can then use the Forbidden Curses before those troublesome hindrances get in my way and—–<br/>
If that were to happen, I’d like to crush the Goddess while the S-Ranks are battling the Great Demon Emperor in the north.<br/>
For me, it would be really lucky if the Great Demon Emperor can hold off those hindrances before I can finish what I will do.<br/>
As for whether the Great Demon Emperor gets himself killed first.<br/>
Or whether I acquire the Forbidden Curses and crush the Goddess first.<br/>
From hereafter, this might just turn into a race like that.<br/>
That’s right.<br/>
If I can complete my revenge without the presence of the S-Rank Heroes, my concerns regarding Sogou Ayaka will disappear.<br/>
And to do so, I must know the movements of the S-Ranks in the future.<br/>
I’ve thought of a few things I could use to regularly keep up with their movements but……<br/>
It’s just that… From now on, if Sogou Ayaka were to stand in my way——<br/>
I wonder what she would do if I were to reveal my true identity?<br/>
No matter what happens, she will protect her classmates with all of her strength.<br/>
Sogou declared so.<br/>
However, if the enemy that shows up before your classmates——<br/>
—is one of your classmates?<br/>
The contradiction that Sogou Ayaka must face.<br/>
If the one who stands before you was the classmate you have sworn to protect…<br/>
If it was Mimori Touka, who she thought was dead…<br/>
At that time, what would Sogou Ayaka do?<br/>
[………………..]<br/>
If I reveal myself to her—– I could probably find an opening.<br/>
It might be a bit difficult right now, but there are ways for me to incapacitate her without having to hurt her.<br/>
At least……<br/>
If I’m going to harm anyone who objected my disposal in that situation for the sake of achieving my goals—-<br/>
I would feel like I’m of the same level as “those people” that I hated so much.<br/>
And then…<br/>
[What’s the matter?]<br/>
Machia asked.<br/>
[……She may look like a young child, but I could truly see a fine warrior in her. I”m just a little impressed.]<br/>
[Fuuunnn…… So you were moved after seeing the Heroes from Another World huh.]<br/>
[Yes.]<br/>
One of the soldiers came to call out Machia.<br/>
As for Machia…<br/>
[You should go back to the camp at a suitable time. I still have some errands I need to do.]<br/>
[Are you sure it would be fine not to keep an eye on me?]<br/>
[You seem harmless enough, so I guess it should be okay?]<br/>
Shrugging her shoulders, Machia disappeared.<br/>
I can’t feel the presence of anyone nearby.<br/>
I spoke towards Eve.<br/>
[You can speak now.]<br/>
[Umu.]<br/>
[I’m sorry I had to make you shut up and just stand there.]<br/>
[I don’t really care, but it doesn’t seem like it would make any difference whether I came with you or not though.]<br/>
[No, your presence there has been helpful enough.]<br/>
[?]<br/>
Some of them…… Especially the guys were just looking at Eve at the latter half of our conversation.<br/>
When it comes to attracting the attention of the opposite gender for a short time, a beautiful woman certainly is the best choice.<br/>
They would look away from their first impression towards me, which could also make their impressions towards me somewhat fade away.<br/>
“U- Umu.” Eve snorted after I lightly explained so.<br/>
[It feels strange getting that kind of look from humans.]<br/>
[Fuuunnn…… That just means there’s a use for that attractive appearance of yours.]<br/>
Now then.<br/>
There may be some things that I need to look out for in the future but—–<br/>
Our detour ends here.<br/>
From hereafter, we’re going back to our original route.<br/>
Uncertainties are appearing all over the place, but the things I need to do have already been decided.<br/>
After this…<br/>
[…………………..]<br/>
I’ll just be focusing on what I have to do.<br/>
All that’s left—- is just to plunge forward to complete this journey.<br/>
=================================================================================<br/>
<Author’s Notes><br/>
This concludes Volume 5 of the novel. Thank you for sticking with me until the end of Volume 5.<br/>
In this volume, Touka and the Heroes on the Goddess’ side finally reunited (although the Heroes on the Goddess’ side doesn’t really know the identity of the Fly King). By the way, as for Sogou Ayaka, Touka (灯河) and Sogou (十河)… both of them can be read as “Touka (トーカ)”. Now, in the final chapter of Volume 5, what will become of the relationship between Touka and his allies and the people on the Goddess’ side? And so, the day ends with this feeling deep within our hearts.<br/>
The structure of this volume was a little different from the other volumes due to the development in the latter parts, but it was also a very difficult volume to write. However, I managed to arrive on a development I wanted to bring to the endgame…… so I think it was worth doing my best…<br/>
What happened to the rest of the Heroes in the East and West? Are Oyamada and Yasu dead? How will the Great Demon Lord and Goddesses move from now on?　And so forth, which will be revealed in Volume 6, but more than anything else, I think that Volume 6 will also return to the main story of Touka’s journey of revenge.<br/>
Volume 6 will take about 10-14 days to complete, and I would like to start Volume 6 with the intermission chapter in between as before. The official start date of Volume 6 will still be announced at the time of the update of the intermission chapter. I have a feeling that I’ve crossed the threshold for another work, so for the time being I should be able to spend more time writing Volume 6… I’ll do my best…<br/>
And once again, I would like to thank all the people who left comments, reviews, bookmarks, and evaluation points during the time Volume 5 is being updated. When I updated the chapter “The End, The Beginning”, I was surprised to receive more than 100 comments, and at the same time, I was very grateful to know that you enjoyed it. Before I knew it, there were 48 reviews, and I’ve received 3 new ones since the last update. Also, thank you to those who gently left evaluation points. Any form of positive feedback would be greatly appreciated.<br/>
Thankfully, both the Light Novel and the manga are doing well… Some people have reported their purchases from time to time, but I’d like to take this opportunity to thank everyone who has purchased the book.<br/>
With that, I’ll be seeing you in Volume 6. Thank you very much.<br/>
