[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c193](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/193/)
<br/><br/>
When I returned to the camp, it seemed to be bustling with activity.<br/>
Crowding in were Neia’s Holy Knights.<br/>
Seras has already gone out of the camp together with the princess.<br/>
From the looks of it……<br/>
It seems that the time they spent before her farewell she spent with her was reasonably well.<br/>
Seras noticed right away my return.<br/>
With a hand gesture…<br/>
“Just stay right there for now.”<br/>
After telling her so, Seras returned to dealing with the Holy Knights.<br/>
[It seems that Seras still had the affection of her subordinates.]<br/>
With her voice still changed, Eve continued.<br/>
[I’m sure that the Princess Cattleya has a lot to do with the fact that she’s still so well-liked.]<br/>
If you only look at her previous actions, Seras was the leader of the Kings who abandoned her country just when it was on the brink of being occupied by the enemies.<br/>
However, it’s likely that the princess skillfully manipulated their impressions to her.<br/>
“I had my own ideas, so I let Seras escape at that time.”<br/>
Did she explain it that way to the remaining Holy Knights?<br/>
Otherwise, it was unlikely that everyone would treat the Former Knight Leader with such warmth.<br/>
And, in fact, Seras came into this place as their allies—- She even brought allies to participate in this war.<br/>
“I’ve been making Seras do things differently just in case something like this were to happen.”<br/>
And if it were explained like so, the Holy Knights…<br/>
“The Princess let Seras-sama escaped into consideration for the benefit of our future.”<br/>
Then, they were convinced—- or rather, they don’t have any choice but to be convinced.<br/>
Regardless of what the intention may be, Seras’ escape at that time has led the situation to “this”.<br/>
It’s because everything ended this way.<br/>
But well…<br/>
[In the end, all of Princess Cattleya’s actions must have been for Seras’ best interests.]<br/>
[That Princess is just thinking about Seras Ashrain wellbeing huh.]<br/>
Touching her chin, Eve took a sidelong glance towards me.<br/>
[What is it?]<br/>
[Seras Ashrain’s “future” now entirely depends on you though.]<br/>
“Fuunnn…” I snorted.<br/>
[……I guess that’s true.]<br/>
As we parted ways for the time being, a well-dressed knight turned up in the camp.<br/>
I could see Neia’s crest in her clothing.<br/>
[Cattleya-sama, Duke Polarie has come to visit along with an Alion commander. How would you like me to respond?]<br/>
Tilting her head, the Princess checks her pocket watch.<br/>
[There should still be some time before the war council begins though.]<br/>
[No, actually……]<br/>
The knight glances at Seras.<br/>
[“We were hoping to meet Seras-sama” is what they said.]<br/>
Glancing down for a bit, the Princess have a small smile on her face.<br/>
[I see. Come to think of it, Duke Polarie was quite obsessed with Seras’ “remembrances”, wasn’t he? However, you should rather get the permission of her “current” master rather than mine, don’t you think?]<br/>
Saying so, the Princess looked towards me.<br/>
Then, the Holy Knight’s gaze followed hers and turned towards me.<br/>
However…… I have my convenient mask.<br/>
While wearing a mask, the others couldn’t read the slightest change in my expression.<br/>
I may allocate my attention resource to controlling my expression towards other areas instead.<br/>
Stepping forward, I said.<br/>
[Duke Polarie is a noble from Alion, wasn’t he? Would having Seras meet him to be in the best interest of the Holy Kingdom of Neia?]<br/>
For a moment, the Princess looks like she’s struck by surprise.<br/>
However, she soon regained her smile.<br/>
[That’s right…… Duke Polarie is the next head of a dukedom that’s highly renowned not just in Alion. So that we could maintain his good impression with “our country”, it wouldn’t be disadvantageous if we consider the future…… or so that’s what I think.]<br/>
“I see…” I said.<br/>
[In that case, it should be fine to have him talk with her on the condition that Princess Cattleya was to accompany them. Of course, that would only be if Seras herself is fine with it……]<br/>
Looking like she understood, Seras places her hand on her chest.<br/>
[I’d be happy if I can be of any help to the Princess. I’ve also received Milord’s permission.]<br/>
Seras quickly left the camp with the Holy Knights in tow.<br/>
Atop her horse, the Princess stops near us.<br/>
[Thank you very much for your concern.]<br/>
[I’ve heard that in this war, the Holy Kingdom of Neia’s return to the Holy Alliance will depend on your merits. That decision is made by Alion’s Goddess, the person who reigns as the de facto leader of the Holy Alliance…… In that case, the impressions from Alion’s most influential people should be important at some point. Besides—–]<br/>
I look up at the Princess atop her horse.<br/>
[If you’re with her, I know that there wouldn’t be anything strange happening there.]<br/>
[You can leave that to me. I know how to deal with those men’s “perverted idiocy” to a much greater extent than Seras does. I will live up to your trust, Berzegia-dono. And then……]<br/>
The Princess is looking in a certain direction.<br/>
[That thing we’ve talked about earlier, it seems to be ready. I’ve already given them instructions—– The rest will be just as Berzegia-dono sees fit.]<br/>
I lightly bowed.<br/>
[Thank you for your assistance.]<br/>
[I feel that just this wouldn’t be enough, considering what you’ve done for us though. Including that incident with the Five Dragon Warriors, our debts toward you aren’t something we could easily repay. Well—–]<br/>
The Princess gracefully her hand over her mouth.<br/>
[If my marriage to Civit Gartland had gone just as planned, and if I had carried the child of “Humanity’s Strongest” in my womb, and if my child had been born inheriting the blood of someone worthy of being called the strongest, I would have made my child carry the flag of the people opposing Bakuos—– or so that’s what I think.]<br/>
She lightheartedly said.<br/>
She certainly is quite a frightening Princess-sama.<br/>
However…<br/>
[I guess it was because you were by her side, Seras was able to keep her “purity” among the impurities of this world.]<br/>
[……………….]<br/>
[I really admire your iron will. Even after you lost your father, the former king, and even your own country, you never lost hold unto your will, always thinking of your country and striving to do your best…… This is exactly what a person who stands above others should be.]<br/>
In terms of the locations of each country, the Holy Kingdom of Neia may be an important piece in the future.<br/>
There’s no harm in flattering them and acquiring their goodwill.<br/>
……Well, all those flatteries I’ve said were actually true though.<br/>
Thereupon, the Princess…<br/>
[If I didn’t feel that my people were worthy of my protection, I wouldn’t have been so desperate in this place, I would have abandoned my country and fled long ago.]<br/>
—is what she said.<br/>
Fumu.<br/>
[That isn’t just you acting on your duty as royalty, but that’s also because of your personal feelings huh.]<br/>
[That’s also the same case with Seras. If I felt that Seras wasn’t worth protecting, I wouldn’t have protected her from the hands of my father, and I don’t think I would have let her escape from the demonic clutches of Bakuos.]<br/>
[——You’re also a Princess worthy of such protection more than you thought. You should understand looking at Seras.]<br/>
Silence enshrouded the area for a moment.<br/>
I look at the appearance of the Princess lit by the bonfire slowly swaying about.<br/>
Her dignified features.<br/>
Her face is probably always wearing “makeup”.<br/>
I wonder if this unique atmosphere drifting in the air is because of her elegance?<br/>
Returning her gaze to me, the Princess’s eyes relaxed.<br/>
[You’re a strange person, Berzegia-dono.]<br/>
[Everyone would think you’re strange if you’re wearing a mask like this.]<br/>
[That’s not what I mean—- With all due respect, I never thought a gentleman like you would be what Seras likes.]<br/>
With a hint of admiration, the Princess said.<br/>
[I’m also a little curious to see what you’ll look like when you take off that “mask”. The strange thing is that you don’t look like you’re acting on a false persona even when you’re currently wearing your mask. How should I say this…… It’s like “there are two real people inside you”—– or so that’s how I strangely felt.]<br/>
▽<br/>
The direction Seras and the others were heading has somehow become crowded.<br/>
We walked in another direction towards behind that crowd.<br/>
Unassumingly, I brush away the curtain with my hand.<br/>
I then stepped into the camp enclosure, followed by Eve.<br/>
(T/N: 陣幕 / jinmaku)<br/>
A curtain functioning as an improvised blindfold, concealing the interior of our camp from the outside.<br/>
However, there’s no ceiling in our camp just like the Princess’ camp.<br/>
Looking up, I could see the clear night sky.<br/>
(T/N: Let me set this straight. They’re in a place where there is no such thing as easily made tents, so camps there are mostly just cloths over sticks. 陣幕/camp enclosure, however, are tents with cloths all over, acting as walls. if you have seen those animes with ancient Japanese settings like oda nobuna no yabou, you should be able to see them.)<br/>
(T/N: something like this, I think…)<br/>
And now……<br/>
Inside the camp were “these things” that I had asked the Holy Knights to gather.<br/>
Now then…<br/>
[I think it’s about time for us to return.]<br/>
Standing side by side with Eve, I look down at “these things”.<br/>
I had asked the Princess to prepare this camp enclosure along with another request from me.<br/>
It’s the collection of the wreckage of the magical chariot.<br/>
[For starters……]<br/>
I used <Freeze> on the wreckage of the magical chariot.<br/>
The large wreckage freezes over in an instant.<br/>
Two war-mallets were placed in the camp enclosure.<br/>
This is also something I asked Neia to do through Eve.<br/>
Of course—- it’s a tool that we would need to smash the wreckage while it’s frozen.<br/>
I take one of the war-hammers in hand.<br/>
[We don’t have much time. Let’s get to work fast.]<br/>
[Umu.]<br/>
And so, we began dealing with the wreckage.<br/>
There’s a limit to the number of targets I can freeze, so I could only freeze and crush them one by one.<br/>
I don’t want to leave the wreckage of the magical chariot here.<br/>
I want to erase any of our traces as much as we could.<br/>
A magical chariot you’ve heard from a report.<br/>
The wreckage of a magical chariot.<br/>
There’s still a big difference between these two.<br/>
There’s a possibility that the wreckage we would have left behind will become an unwanted “trace” in the future.<br/>
Only living beings could be transferred by the Gem of Teleportation.<br/>
That’s where <Freeze> comes in.<br/>
Just like Ashinto’s corpses, this wreckage will be crushed and “erased”.<br/>
(T/N: What about the clothes? What about Eve’s bangle?)<br/>
[…………………..]<br/>
For some reason…<br/>
I felt like we’re aiming to achieve the perfect crime.<br/>
Depending on how you look at it, <Freeze> is an extremely dangerous ability.<br/>
I could dispose of as many corpses and evidence items as I want, as long as my ability wasn’t known by them.<br/>
If this ability were to end up in the hands of a serial killer, it would be a really horrible story.<br/>
—–Thinking about my ability, I immersed myself in this work.<br/>
And thus…<br/>
[……I guess that should do.]<br/>
[Umu. No one would think that these powders scattered around on the ground were originally the chariot.]<br/>
The only thing left on the ground were flour-sized powders scattered about.<br/>
The powders began scattering outside a little at a time through the gaps under the curtains.<br/>
Eventually, all of it will be drifted with the wind.<br/>
[All that’s left—- should be our traces existing in this place to disappear.]<br/>
I take out the Gem of Teleportation from my pocket.<br/>
The more time we spent here, the more troublesome it can become.<br/>
Once we’re done with what we need to do—- Staying here any longer will be unnecessary.<br/>
All that’s left for us is to wait for Seras.<br/>
Then, Eve opens her mouth.<br/>
[However…… The Neians have done well to gather up all of the wreckage.]<br/>
They’re in a situation where they don’t have much time to spare on other things.<br/>
This would certainly be difficult without the cooperation of Neia.<br/>
[How should I say this, they’re quite diligent.]<br/>
I wonder if it’s because they were too influenced by the seriousness of their Former Knight Leader?<br/>
The tone of her voice containing a hint of relief, Eve spoke.<br/>
[Even so…… I’m glad that no one had to leave after this time’s battle. No one was deeply wounded among us. The chariot may have been broken but……]<br/>
Before we departed.<br/>
I remembered about what Erika roundaboutedly said.<br/>
△<br/>
“There’s no guarantee that we can return this chariot.”<br/>
“—-Don’t make me laugh. How in the heck would you get through the Northern Demon Zone instead? If I had wanted it back unharmed, Erika won’t even lend this to you in the first place”<br/>
She’s aware that she may not be able to get her hands on the magical chariot again.<br/>
That’s what she seems to imply.<br/>
“That’s quite generous of you… that it makes it hard for me to wonder if you had some kind of hidden agenda.”<br/>
Erika replied.<br/>
“If Erika’s magical chariot and my handmade magic tools can take ensure your safety instead, then so be it. It will be better for Erika to wake up with this magical chariot destroyed, rather than realizing that all of you died even when I could have helped you. Especially when I think about Liz.”<br/>
▽<br/>
Remembering such a conversation, I look towards Eve.<br/>
Eve has got down on one knee, gently brushing the powder on the ground as if she’s feeling thankful.<br/>
[Without Erika’s help, all of us might have not made it this far. But then again…… I never expected that the Witch of Taboos had that much good intentions towards us.]<br/>
Not only that, Erika is also very smart.<br/>
She would certainly be an eyesore to a certain goddess somewhere.<br/>
My gaze lowered at the Gem of Transportation in my hand.<br/>
I couldn’t drag her out of that place as my ally.<br/>
If that’s the case, a long-lived race that can create such a thing is nothing more than just a hindrance.<br/>
[…………………]<br/>
If Erika was on the Goddess’ side……<br/>
She would be extremely troublesome.<br/>
Then, Eve noticed something.<br/>
[Mhmm, this presence—-]<br/>
[Thank you for waiting.]<br/>
Seras slipped through the curtains.<br/>
[You surprisingly finished really early.]<br/>
Seras smiled, though her brows were furrowed.<br/>
[It’s thanks to the Princess. She skillfully brought that meeting to an end.]<br/>
She really did respond to my trust.<br/>
[How about that duke?]<br/>
The wry smile on Seras’s lips grew deeper.<br/>
[Should I say that the atmosphere when they welcomed me is too bewildering… How should I put it……]<br/>
Eve interjects.<br/>
[It’s because the story of your beauty is no longer just a myth on this continent. For those who were longing to see you with their own eyes, it must have been like meeting a mythical god.]<br/>
I could certainly see a smile on her eyes, but Seras’ lips were crooked to a frown.<br/>
[That would be too much of an exaggeration.]<br/>
I asked a question.<br/>
[What was the reaction of Alion’s Duke Polarie?]<br/>
[Duke Polarie had come to visit, leading lots of his subordinates…… It was the first time I had personally met him but, well…… he was quite the passionate man.]<br/>
Although she’s trying to choose her words, I could feel the bewilderment in her tone.<br/>
Seras just maintained the wry smile, looking like she’s really troubled by a difficult problem.<br/>
[He even excitedly said “I’m not going to wash this hand I shook your hand with ever again.” or something like that…… I don’t really know how should I have responded to that. The Princess said that “I dealt with the situation well” but…… Ah, speaking of which, Princess even suggested—–]<br/>
The warhorse that Seras rode on this battlefield.<br/>
It is said that it was presented to Duke Polarie.<br/>
As for Duke Polarie…<br/>
“I’ll keep this debt deep in my mind, Princess Cattleya.”<br/>
—or so he said, seemingly in a very good mood.<br/>
How should I put this…<br/>
I guess it’s no wonder that it would become an achievement for the “Princess”.<br/>
[I feel like even if that Princess were to switch jobs to a merchant or something like that, she’d still be able to succeed even with enough composure to do something else…… So, are you done with that?]<br/>
[I was able to spend more than enough time alone with the Princess…… As for the girls—– I’ve had more than enough words with the Holy Knights. All that’s left is for us to wish each other good luck for the rest of our lives…… I don’t have any lingering emotions that can be called regrets.]<br/>
[I see.]<br/>
[In addition, it seems that some of the Heroes from Another World were also there…… It was mostly men in there though…… Umm……]<br/>
It seems like she suddenly had difficulty speaking along the way.<br/>
She started talking about them while she’s at it, but she realized halfway through that she had failed with the topic to talk to.<br/>
Or something like that.<br/>
I’m not sure if she’s being concerned about me or not, but she seems to be having a hard time saying something.<br/>
[You don’t have to hold yourself back, just say it.]<br/>
[They seemed like nice people.]<br/>
[I see.]<br/>
On the other hand though, they’re also the ones who tend to leave the thinking to others.<br/>
I guess those kinds of people can easily change depending on their leader.<br/>
If they were agitated by the Goddess, they could turn into a cluster of malice in an instant.<br/>
However, it’s probably because of the influence of being led by Sogou in this battle, right now…<br/>
“They seemed like nice people.”<br/>
—or so her impression towards them will be.<br/>
In short, they were people who didn’t have a firm sense of self.<br/>
And for that—- I’m really thankful for.<br/>
If everyone in the class was like Takao Hijiri, it would be really bothersome for us……<br/>
Because the majority of them are like that, I can narrow down the number of people that I need to plan against.<br/>
[Ah…… My apologies. Even though I’m certain that you—-]<br/>
[They’re just people who let the atmosphere around them drift them away, but there’s nothing wrong with that—- That doesn’t make me think they were good people though. However, these are people we don’t need to risk dealing with right now.]<br/>
If I were to mess with my classmates too poorly, I may have to run the risk of having to deal with the indeterminate factor, Sogou.<br/>
I want to avoid them, at least for now.<br/>
Instead of turning them into problems—- I’d rather just consider them as non-existent people.<br/>
It’s because they may become problems……<br/>
That I need to go back to the Witch’s home once more.<br/>
And that’s why…<br/>
[Let’s go return, shall we?]<br/>
While fortifying the outline for our future plans, I spoke the work to start teleporting away from here.<br/>
(T/N: I dunno where to put this image, so Imma place this one here.)<br/>
<Author’s Notes><br/>
I’m very sorry for the gap between updates. I’ve been busy recently…… or rather, I felt like a large part of it was where I was stuck writing the emotions I wanted to express. I haven’t gotten back to it yet, but I feel like I’ve been able to write a lot more recently than before.<br/>
And today, 4/25, Volume 5 of “I Became the Strongest with the Failure Frame 【Abnormal State Skill】as I Devastated Everything” has been released.<br/>
Volume 5 was a little thicker than the previous volumes because the draft for there were some parts that were added and discarded, some parts are checked, revised, and added. The additional written contents in this volume are…<br/>
“Touka, receiving special training in melee combat from Seras and Eve. And a massage (?) after that.”<br/>
“Erika getting drunk from the brandy she received from Touka.”<br/>
“Seras, Eve, Liz, and Erika taking a bath. And the scene where Seras returns to their room from a hot bath and whispers something to the sleeping Touka.”<br/>
“We’ve also added scenes featuring Seras and Princess Cattleya, as well as scenes featuring Touka and Eve that weren’t in the Web Novel version, as an epilogue.”<br/>
—and that should be it? KWKM-sama has drawn the illustration for some of the scenes, along with the cover image for this volume too. Volume 5 also includes the illustration of Eve in her human form. Other illustrations focus on the charm of the heroines, such as Erika lying on the bed, Seras as she’s fresh out of the bath, the bewildered Seras crawling on all fours, and the bathing scene of Seras, Liz, and Eve. I think you’re going to enjoy reading it (More than anything else, not buying the Light Novel reduces your Seras elements…… just saying.)<br/>
In addition to Touka’s appearance as the Fly King in the colored illustration, you could also see Seras & Eve in their Fly Knights attire. The illustration of the Touka in the Fly King’s attire in one scene is very nice, with a powerful touch that is different from other illustrations…..<br/>
This was the illustration (We have received permission to publish it).<br/>
(T/N: The author received one…)<br/>
Incidentally, the cover image for Volume …<br/>
This Volume is also a turning point, so the atmosphere around Seras is a little different from the previous volumes.<br/>
I’m sorry it’s too long, so that’s about all I’ll say about volume 5, but I just want to say thank you. To all the people who have bought Volumes 1-4, thank you very much. Thanks to your help, we were able to release Volume 5 without any problems.<br/>
In addition, the latest chapter, chapter 8 of the manga has also been updated on Comic Gardo. We hope you will also enjoy seeing this wonderfully composed and illustrated manga. The manga is also of really high quality, and I’m very grateful to Uchiuchi Keyaki-sama and Uyoshi-sama (Uyoshi-sama also contributed to the elegant illustration of Mist Barkas in chapter 5. Thank you very much for that too).<br/>
About the stagnating updates of the Web Novel…… I’ve also been thinking of updating it as soon as possible. We are struggling against the odds, but we would be happy if you could keep a warm look over at us.<br/>
(T/N: With this chapter, we’ve finally caught up with the raws. I’d like to thank everyone for the support you gave for the novel. If a new chapter was updated, I could translate it as soon as it comes out (or as soon as I notice it). Anyway, cheers.<br/>
-LazyCat)<br/>
