[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c195](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/195/)
<br/><br/>
This is just a pseudo one though, I add.<br/>
It isn’t exactly the same copy as the original.<br/>
I just borrowed the general idea.<br/>
For instance, there is no torii or the characters for “man” and “woman” written on it.<br/>
Eve, who has been listening, runs her eyes over the parchment.<br/>
(T/N:  男 / man and 女/ woman were apparently in a version of kokkuri-san.)<br/>
[“Kokkuri-san”……? It only looked like a piece of paper with just a bunch of letters written on it though……]<br/>
On the other hand…<br/>
[I see…]<br/>
It seems that Erika understood what I meant.<br/>
Her instantaneous comprehension really is impressive.<br/>
On the parchment, there’s a string of characters that resembles the so-called “A-I-U-E-O order” that is written in the language of this world.<br/>
I also didn’t forget to add the “yes” and “no” letters written in this world’s language.<br/>
However, I don’t know the rules for arranging the characters that way.<br/>
Thereupon, I asked Seras to help me make one before dinner.<br/>
[You can control how your familiar moves, right?]<br/>
[Yeah.]<br/>
[Then, you should be able to point out a letter on this table with your familiar’s limbs, right?]<br/>
[It’s possible.]<br/>
[In that case, you should also be able to point towards the “yes” and “no” words here—–]<br/>
[Of course, I can do that.]<br/>
The transmission time using this method is a bit longer than making her familiar speak.<br/>
However, it would greatly reduce the burden that Erika would have to bear.<br/>
On our journey—- Yes, for example, right when we are resting or before bedtime.<br/>
If the situation isn’t urgent, we can use this method to communicate information slowly.<br/>
……I normally should have thought of this before we went to save that princess.<br/>
I revalidated the information I knew from Erika.<br/>
[You can pick up human conversations through your familiar, right?]<br/>
[That’s the selling point of the familiars. That’s also why the “familiars” are so useful…… that they are considered very dangerous and have been almost completely eradicated.]<br/>
[In other words—-]<br/>
Tap<br/>
I tap on the parchment with my fingertip.<br/>
[When we talk with your familiar, you should be able to understand what we say.]<br/>
[Yeah.]<br/>
[We’re able to acquire a great deal of information, even if you’re able to answer with just a “yes” or “no”.]<br/>
“That’s right”, Erika nodded.<br/>
[It would be easier to convey if it’s just questions that can be answered with “yes” or “no”.]<br/>
In that case, asking questions that can be answered with “yes” or “no” would be better.<br/>
It’s akin to how Pigimaru’s “affirmative” and “negative” answers by changing his color.<br/>
However……<br/>
That also means that the familiars…<br/>
“—are the ones who gather important information.”<br/>
That is the major premise of this conversation.<br/>
In other words—– the majority of the results will depend on Erika’s side.<br/>
The ability to gather information can make a difference.<br/>
That said…<br/>
Erika had gathered that much information without ever leaving the Golden Demon Zone.<br/>
You could say that I could rely on her when it comes to her information gathering ability.<br/>
Putting her thumb under her chin, Erika looks like she’s deep in thought.<br/>
[Certainly, with this paper…… It’s going to take some time to convey what I needed to say, but it’s going to allow us to communicate information without having to burden myself by speaking through my familiar. I see, I hadn’t thought of this.]<br/>
[It’s not that you didn’t think of it, it’s that you never had any reason to think about it. You’re living here, hiding from others, so communicating with someone from the outside would more of a risk.]<br/>
[……Well, I guess so.]<br/>
[Besides, the familiars aren’t beings that were open for the public, right?]<br/>
[They aren’t.]<br/>
That means there was no one she could communicate with.<br/>
They were only used for their own information gathering.<br/>
She never had a chance to communicate with others.<br/>
[Even if that were the case, I think I should have at least thought of it.]<br/>
Erika said, with a slightly vexed pout on her face.<br/>
[No, well, once you understand it, you would think that “The heck, that doesn’t sound so imaginative at all.”, but this “not so imaginative” idea would sometimes be hidden in a blind spot, until you’re told otherwise……]<br/>
“Fuunnn…” I snorted.<br/>
[It isn’t actually that imaginative.]<br/>
[You’re just being modest, Touka.]<br/>
[I’m not being modest, I’m just stating the truth.]<br/>
This idea that came upon me, this “Kokkuri-san” isn’t something I invented.<br/>
If I remember correctly, I think this “Kokkuri-san” was originally derived from a western practice of table-turning.<br/>
That’s why I couldn’t say that this is something I invented.<br/>
At the end of the day, the amazing ones are those who came up with this in the past.<br/>
I’m not included among the amazing people.<br/>
Cutting the story short, I roll up the parchment.<br/>
[Anyway, with this, I think we could rely on the information that you acquired from the outside world. With this method, you won’t collapse on your own every time you speak with your familiar. Thereupon—- I want to ask you again. Will you lend us your strength?]<br/>
[That’s what I intend to.]<br/>
[Thanks.]<br/>
And with that…<br/>
Erika moved on to the next part of the conversation.<br/>
[What kind of information does Fly King-dono want Erika to find out?]<br/>
I told Erika that I wanted her to find information about some people I wanted to be investigated.<br/>
What I mostly want to know was what the heroes are up to.<br/>
I also told her the reason why I wanted them to be investigated.<br/>
If she’s able to, I’d also like to know what the goddess is doing but……<br/>
[You don’t have to force yourself to gather information on Vysis. I don’t want her to know that someone’s investigating her movements and I want to avoid being noticed by her as much as possible.]<br/>
If it’s that f*cking goddess, she might know about the existence of the familiars.<br/>
She should be seen as an opponent whose risk detection is much higher than the Heroes.<br/>
[Then, should I just give priority to the Heroes from Another World? And…… Acquiring the information of Sogou is the top priority among the Heroes huh.]<br/>
[Yeah.]<br/>
[Do you have a bad relationship with this Sogou?]<br/>
[No, she’s rather a friendly one. I mean, she’s probably the friendliest person among the class.]<br/>
[That means…… Touka is worried about this girl, so you want to know what she’s up to.]<br/>
Looking like she’s probing my reaction, Erika added.<br/>
[——or so I’d like to say, but it doesn’t look like that huh.]<br/>
I let out a sigh.<br/>
[It’s a bit more complicated than that.]<br/>
She may be the friendliest.<br/>
But she’s also the one I’m most anxious about.<br/>
In addition to that inherent skill, she even uses an ancient martial art called Kisou-ryu.<br/>
I mean…<br/>
Please think about it again.<br/>
An ojou-sama high school girl who’s a user of ancient martial arts sent to another world……<br/>
When we’re in our previous world, I’ve always felt that we’re living in different worlds.<br/>
……She’s wearing too many protagonist factors around her.<br/>
[What about the other Heroes?]<br/>
“No.” I denied.<br/>
There are also those people who I felt were living in a different world, though in a different meaning.<br/>
[There are also the Takao Sisters…… Even back in my previous world, I don’t have any clue what they’re thinking about. Especially the Older Sister, she’s like an alien.]<br/>
[——-Hijiri huh.]<br/>
Eve interrupted.<br/>
[I’ve only met her once, but Hijiri certainly isn’t just an ordinary human.]<br/>
“Fumu fumu fumu”, Erika closely listened about the Hero’s personality.<br/>
[That Hijiri girl is one of the three S-Ranks, right? Then, should we prioritize Sogou and the Older Takao for surveillance?]<br/>
[Yeah. The first priority is Takao, then the Older Takao. It’s just that……]<br/>
[As I thought, you would also be bothered about the remaining S-Rank?]<br/>
[It’s this guy called Kirihara…… At least, he isn’t someone I can easily be friends with.]<br/>
Although I was able to get information about the skills and other information about each S-Ranks from Sogou……<br/>
I don’t even know the comparison of strength between the three S-Rank Heroes.<br/>
Who is the strongest among them?<br/>
There’s a possibility that Kirihara and Takao Hijiri would rapidly grow on the eastern battlefield.<br/>
The Heroes of Another World can grow rapidly as they level up.<br/>
Skills too, have the potential to greatly change.<br/>
I’m not the only one improving.<br/>
Even Sogou is said to have been “transformed” by her own inherent skill.<br/>
That’s why—- she’s difficult to read.<br/>
It’s difficult to formulate countermeasure guidelines against her.<br/>
That’s why I want to acquire real-time information about them as soon as possible.<br/>
[If it looks good, please give me the information on Kirihara too.]<br/>
[I’ll see what I can do. What about the A-Ranks?]<br/>
There are two other people other than Takao Itsuki.<br/>
Shougo Oyamada and Yasu Tomohiro.<br/>
[The whereabouts of the A-Ranks Oyamada and Yasu disappeared during the battle in the Anti-Demon White Castle, and whether they’re still alive or not is still not sure. If you found some information related to whether they’re alive or dead, I’d be grateful if you could inform me as well.]<br/>
[Fumu fumu. What about the lower rank Heroes?]<br/>
[……There’s one.]<br/>
Eve opens her mouth.<br/>
[Kashima huh?]<br/>
[No—- It’s actually someone named Ikusaba Asagi.]<br/>
[However, this Hero Ikusaba Asagi is two ranks lower than the highest rank, right?]<br/>
[She’s certainly lower in terms of ranks…… But she’s a smart one, that’s for sure. Moreover, she’s a bit……]<br/>
[A bit?]<br/>
[…………]<br/>
A bit…<br/>
[Touka?]<br/>
I felt like she resembles me.<br/>
▽<br/>
After the details related to the familiar were settled, I called out to Eve.<br/>
[Do you have a moment?]<br/>
[Hmm, me?]<br/>
[Yeah. I need to talk to you.]<br/>
Eve looks over at the other three.<br/>
[Is it just me alone?]<br/>
[Just you alone.]<br/>
Seras is going to take a hot bath after this.<br/>
Erika was taken to her room by Liz and a golem.<br/>
Doesn’t seem like she has an ounce of suspicion, Eve nodded.<br/>
[Okay.]<br/>
I go outside with Eve.<br/>
It’s currently dark outside.<br/>
However, the pseudo-moonlight provides us a clear view of our surroundings.<br/>
As we descend the wooden stairs,  Eve asks.<br/>
[Speaking of which, when are we going to leave?]<br/>
[I’m thinking of leaving tomorrow. There’s no reason to stay here too long.]<br/>
[Acknowledged.]<br/>
……As I thought.<br/>
[Eve.]<br/>
[Umu.]<br/>
[This journey with you—-]<br/>
In this place…<br/>
[—ends here.]<br/>
For a while…<br/>
Eve showed a confused expression on her face.<br/>
……I guess having that reaction should be natural.<br/>
It’s because I’m still going to continue my journey for revenge.<br/>
[This—–]<br/>
Grip<br/>
Eve invaded my personal space.<br/>
[This operation to rescue the princess of Neia…… Was there something wrong with my performance?]<br/>
[That’s not it.]<br/>
[Then, why……]<br/>
[Oi oi.]<br/>
I sit on the railings.<br/>
[Do you remember what we talked about from the start? You would lead us to the Witch’s home, and I would lend you my “strength” to get you here. Right from the start, it was supposed to be this kind of deal.]<br/>
[Mngghh…]<br/>
“Come to think about it, that’s right.”<br/>
I could see something like that from Eve’s expression.<br/>
Her expression is even easier to read in her human form.<br/>
[Do you understand? In the first place, the contract between you and me was fulfilled the moment we arrived here. Therefore, you have no reason to cooperate with me anymore. However, you participated in this operation because you said you haven’t repaid some kind of debt to Seras. Right?]<br/>
[U- Umu……]<br/>
[And now, Seras got what she needed with your helped. You lent your strength to Seras and I. That’s enough. You don’t need to go along this journey for revenge any longer.]<br/>
Looking down me while she still stands, Eve’s lips crooked a bit.<br/>
It’s like she’s trying to come up with an idea.<br/>
A bit later, Eve spoke.<br/>
[However…… Erika will still cooperate with you in the future, won’t she?]<br/>
[She hates Vysis “so much”. I’ve already confirmed with the person herself. In fact, it’s all Vysis’s fault that she isn’t able to do the things she wants to do and stuck in this place…… That is to say, she has a reason to go along my journey for revenge.]<br/>
“However”, I continue.<br/>
[What about you?]<br/>
[Mnghh……]<br/>
[The deaths of your parents and the Speed family’s friends is certainly inexcusable. However, was Vysis involved in that?]<br/>
After a few moments of silence, Eve spoke.<br/>
[I don’t know. I don’t even know who those children were……]<br/>
That’s right.<br/>
Even has no clear reason to take revenge on Vysis.<br/>
[However, isn’t it the same for Seras?]<br/>
[If you trace back to the cause of why she ended up becoming a fugitive, you’ll end up with Vysis. It’s all because that f*cking egotistical goddess wanted her. That means, she has every reason to hate Vysis too.]<br/>
[However, Touka…… I can lend my power to—–]<br/>
[Besides, Eve. Most of all……]<br/>
I said it.<br/>
[It’s for Liz.]<br/>
With those few words, Eve reacted differently than she had before.<br/>
It was like she was surprised.<br/>
As if she’s digesting the meaning of those few words, Eve pondered about what I said.<br/>
[……for Liz…]<br/>
[Yeah. You said it yourself, right? You said you wanted to live quietly in a peaceful life together with her.]<br/>
Eve turned silent.<br/>
[In the previous operation, I allowed you to come with us because I could use the Gem of Teleportation even if it’s to just send only you back here. Without knowing the details of the enemy’s forces in advance, I couldn’t be sure that we’d be able to protect you.]<br/>
Nevertheless…<br/>
If I deemed the enemy as a considerable danger, I would have immediately sent back Eve alone.<br/>
Eve looks like she’s thinking back on what I said.<br/>
[Eve.]<br/>
[……Umu.]<br/>
[After I was thrown away by my real parents…… I got to spend time with my aunt and uncle…… I can say that I was happy because of the memories I spent with those people. I can assure you of that.]<br/>
I continue.<br/>
[However, I know Liz hasn’t made that many memories with you yet.]<br/>
That child still hasn’t gotten much of the “peaceful everyday life with Big Sister” that she dreamt of.<br/>
[She had her birthplace razed to the ground and wandered around…… Chased by slave traders and ended up captured…… Made to work in that sh*tty store…… After finally managing to escape Monroy, she has to come along a dangerous journey with us to reach this place…… And finally, from the battlefield where lives are in danger—- the most important person in her life safely came back.]<br/>
[———,……………]<br/>
[I’m glad that you feel that way. However…… You should think about Liz’ feelings.]<br/>
I should probably clearly say it here.<br/>
I’m sure that child would say something like…<br/>
“I’ll be waiting for you, so Big Sister, please help Touka-sama and the others.”<br/>
That’s how she would probably say it.<br/>
That’s—– How should I say this…<br/>
I couldn’t help but think that it would be possible for that to happen.<br/>
If I just let the situation take its course, it will most likely happen.<br/>
I’m sure that Eve will agree to that situation.<br/>
I’m sure that Liz would accept that situation too.<br/>
She’ll end up accepting it.<br/>
That’s because—- she’s a good person.<br/>
Just like my uncle and his family.<br/>
Therefore…<br/>
[Let me get this straight, Eve.]<br/>
That’s why, I have to tell her.<br/>
I need to tell her.<br/>
As clearly as possible.<br/>
Looking up at Eve’s face…<br/>
[Our journey with you is over.]<br/>
Without any hesitation, I clearly told her that.<br/>
<Author’s Notes><br/>
I somehow managed to update this chapter this week (just barely though……).<br/>
I will be updating the next chapter next week as well…… I hope. I’ll do my best.<br/>
