[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c198](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/198/)
<br/><br/>
<Sogou Ayaka POV><br/>
I, Sogou Ayaka, have returned to Alion.<br/>
It isn’t just me who has returned.<br/>
All of the Heroes who had joined the Southern Army had also returned to Alion with me.<br/>
That great battle we fought in the Anti-Demon White Castle.<br/>
The story of the battle that took place at the Anti-Demon White Castle has already reached Alion.<br/>
By the way, not all of the Southern Army had returned.<br/>
Only the Heroes and some of the others have returned.<br/>
The majority of the Southern Army that parted with our group headed to the royal capital of Magnar, Synod, which was the Army’s original destination.<br/>
(From what I heard, it seems that the place we fought in isn’t the only place that turned into a fierce battle……)<br/>
It is said that many of the troops were forced to fight a difficult battle.<br/>
There were some battles that I don’t even know if we can call them “victory” or not.<br/>
That was also the case with the Southern Army we were in.<br/>
Considering the casualties, we can’t just unaffectedly cheer for this “victory” we gained.<br/>
(……However, there were still silver linings hidden within that tragedy.)<br/>
The well-being of those we weren’t sure if they’re alive or dead.<br/>
I felt like this is the only point that could be considered a silver lining.<br/>
First of all was Banewolf, the “Dragonslayer”.<br/>
He had survived.<br/>
However, it seems that it would be difficult for him to return to the front lines for the time being.<br/>
The wounds he bore are that bad.<br/>
Still, he had already regained consciousness and was able to talk with us.<br/>
When I found out that Banewolf survived, I immediately rushed over to him.<br/>
“My bad…… I have to withdraw this early.”<br/>
He apologized to me, as tears fell from my eyes.<br/>
However, at that moment, it was enough for me that he’s alive.<br/>
Even if he couldn’t return to the battlefield, even just being able to talk to each other again like this.<br/>
After the Human-Faced brought him out of his transformation, Banewolf was in no condition to fight.<br/>
It was even doubtful if he could even more properly.<br/>
Considering the bandages covered around his body, I thought being unable to move in that state should be obvious.<br/>
However, he somehow managed to get beneath some monsters’ corpses.<br/>
Fortunately, the nearby monsters didn’t manage to find him and he survived.<br/>
Just as Banewolf was somewhat surprised that he can’t raise his left arm…<br/>
“Well, putting that aside for now…… I see that you didn’t forget your promise, Sogou-chan.”<br/>
A small smile appearing on his face, he said.<br/>
Probably trying to reassure me, he tried to do something with his arm.<br/>
However, it was still impossible for him to move at the time.<br/>
“That’s right……” I remembered something.<br/>
The price he had to pay to use his Dragonification is his memories.<br/>
Banewolf smiled.<br/>
Thereupon…<br/>
*crackle*<br/>
The scabs on his hardened lips split open.<br/>
“It’s a shame, but I don’t think I’m going to be able to fight properly for a while.”<br/>
Squinting his eyes, he said.<br/>
“As for the rest of the battle—– Can I leave it to Sogou-chan and the others?”<br/>
“Yes.”<br/>
I nodded.<br/>
“The Great Demon Emperor will be defeated by us Heroes. So, please take a good rest, Bane-san. And also—-“<br/>
Arranging my posture, I bowed my head.<br/>
“For saving us…… Thank you very much. Because of you, I’m standing here now—– as a Hero.”<br/>
Banewolf said that he would directly return to Urza by passing through Alion.<br/>
So, he was together with us when we returned to Alion.<br/>
Now then.<br/>
Speaking of the people who we weren’t sure if they’re alive or dead, there’s also Agito Angoon of the Four Revered Saints.<br/>
He had saved many on that battlefield.<br/>
If it was him who saved us from the Human-Faced with his long-range Offensive Technique—-<br/>
It would also be him who had pulled away the Human-Faced and saved the Heroes of Kirihara’s group.<br/>
Agito Angoon was found alive.<br/>
Just barely though.<br/>
He was more seriously wounded than Banewolf.<br/>
Those who had examined Agito…<br/>
“The fact that he’s still alive until now with those wounds is considered a miracle.”<br/>
—is what they said.<br/>
He hasn’t regained consciousness until now.<br/>
I have also checked Agito’s condition.<br/>
He certainly isn’t in any condition where he could return to the front line, no matter who looks at him.<br/>
However—– He’s alive.<br/>
As I thought, this also made me feel like it’s filling me with hope.<br/>
Though I said that, I still think that it was somewhat selfish of me to one-sidedly feel hope.<br/>
And also…<br/>
The two Heroes who came to the Southern Heroes who we weren’t sure if they’re alive or dead.<br/>
Oyamada Shogou who had turned delirious, disappearing behind the cloud of dust.<br/>
Yasu Tomohiro, who had lost some of his fingers, and escaped by himself, even before the pleas of his group.<br/>
Both of them are still alive.<br/>
Oyamada Shogou was surprisingly found inside the Anti-Demon White Castle.<br/>
He was hiding in the underground prison within the innermost part of the castle.<br/>
He had apparently found with his back behind them, crouched in a corner and shaking in fear.<br/>
When the soldiers who were searching for him called out to him, he let out a violent scream.<br/>
After his screams subsided, his shoulders quivered as he crouched down again.<br/>
But fortunately, there were no noticeable injuries in his body.<br/>
However…<br/>
(Oyamada-kun……)<br/>
When I saw Oyamada Shogou again, he completely changed.<br/>
It was like he was a different person.<br/>
Even I wasn’t able to talk to him because of this change.<br/>
Oyamada was also with us when we came back to Alion.<br/>
However, as soon as we returned, he separated from the rest, so he isn’t here right now.<br/>
As for Yasu Tomohiro……<br/>
He was found on the plains, a few distance away from the Anti-Demon White Castle.<br/>
Compared to Oyamada, he was discovered later.<br/>
Therefore, he wasn’t with us when we returned to Alion.<br/>
I mean, I’ve only obtained this information just a few moments ago.<br/>
I heard that a soldier is accompanying him to Alion.<br/>
This information was only in the form of a letter carried by a war pigeon that was sent to us first.<br/>
It seems that Yasu had been roasted and ate the horse he’s riding on when he was found.<br/>
He probably couldn’t bear the hunger.<br/>
When the soldier who found him called out to him, he said…<br/>
“It’s too late…… It’s already too late……! I am the last surviving high-ranking warrior of the Southern Army—— The A-Rank that can be called as the Final Hope! Stop dawdling around and get the word out……! To the Goddess! That this Yasu Tomohiro requires his fingers to be healed as soon as possible……! Send out a war pigeon and send each of my every word.”<br/>
(T/N: This guy seriously used “waga” to call himself. The same “waga” used by kings(lol).)<br/>
Other than his severed finger, it doesn’t seem like he had any injuries.<br/>
(Yasu-kun……)<br/>
From what I heard, it seems that Yasu thought I was dead when I was found.<br/>
(Still, the two of them are alive…… Yes, it wouldn’t have been strange if one dies in that situation. Even just being able to live through that situation could be considered as being fortunate. Other than them, there’s Kashima-san and the others……)<br/>
The Asagi Group was sent to the Western Army.<br/>
Kashima Kobato, who I’m particularly concerned about, is also in that group.<br/>
No information on whether they’re alive or dead arrived yet.<br/>
I know that the royal capital of Jonato, the Western Army’s main battlefield, had been devastated but……<br/>
(Kashima-san, Asagi-san, everyone…… Please be safe.)<br/>
And…<br/>
[Ara ara, well well, looky looky here, all of you look great.]<br/>
She showed up…<br/>
[I heard you’ve done a remarkable job, exceeding my expectations! Terrific! Just hearing your feats made me thrilled! Yes, very much thrilled!]<br/>
The Goddess, Vysis.<br/>
Me and the others are currently in the castle’s square.<br/>
This was a square that they had visited many times before leaving.<br/>
Feeling nostalgic, I look at the area where the Goddess stands.<br/>
There used to be a lot more people standing over there with her.<br/>
The Four Revered Saints.<br/>
The Dragonslayer.<br/>
Even the Drunken Sword Party isn’t here. (They were incorporated in the Western Army, I wonder what happened to them?)<br/>
(Nyantan-san also isn’t here.)<br/>
Come to think of it, I haven’t seen her even once since we returned.<br/>
And…<br/>
[Especially Sogou-san!]<br/>
The Goddess had a big smile on her face, while she clapped her hands.<br/>
Approaching me, she took both of my hands.<br/>
[As I thought, your title as an S-Rank Hero wasn’t just an ornament, wasn’t it!? Not only did you stop a Human-Faced, I never thought you would also slash the Second Oath of the Confidants in half! I’m going to be honest with you, okay? I actually believed in you right from the start. The reason I was so strict was that I actually wanted Sogou-san to quickly awaken your abilities. For awakening your inherent skill worthy of the S-Rank, congratulations!]<br/>
The Goddess approaches, one step at a time.<br/>
And, thereupon……<br/>
The Goddess stopped.<br/>
Yes.<br/>
It’s as if a playing video was paused.<br/>
With the wide smile still on her face…<br/>
[ ? ]<br/>
[I bet you’re wondering “What the heck is she talking about now?”, huh?]<br/>
In an emotionless tone, the Goddess said.<br/>
The Goddess begins to flap her hand up and down alternatively.<br/>
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh…….<br/>
Halt<br/>
Her movement stops.<br/>
[Fufufu, no matter how you look at it, a turnabout at this moment is too much. Even though I have been behaving in such a horrible manner to Sogou-san, not reflecting on my past attitude in the slightest, and once Sogou-san awakened, suddenly changing my attitude towards you…… That would certainly be unbecoming of a Goddess.]<br/>
Putting her hands behind her waist, the Goddess smiled as she leaned forward towards me.<br/>
[It’s alright though. I’m sincerely sorry for what I did.]<br/>
The Goddess raised her upper body and adjusted her posture, and then, deeply bowed her head.<br/>
[Please accept my apologies. The reason I couldn’t see your hidden qualities was probably because my eyes were cloudy…… Well, if you traced back the past, it was because of what you did right after you were summoned, injuring my fragile heart, which is why I had held such a harsh manner towards you, so it was all Sogou-san’s fault in the first place…… but still, I am a Goddess. Even if it’s not my fault, I need to have the generosity to personally acknowledge my mistakes and apologize. So, I’m really sorry, Sogou-san.]<br/>
Raising her face from her bow, the small smile on the Goddess’s lips deepened.<br/>
[From now on, let’s let bygones be bygones, hold each other’s hands in harmony, and defeat the Great Demon Emperor together, shall we? I’m sorry…… There was some sharpness with the way I spoke earlier, but you will forgive me, wouldn’t you? Let’s see, after an apology, people would usually just sweep the matter under the rug, right—— That’s only if they held some decentness in them, that is. Hahhh……]<br/>
Exhaling a sigh of relief, the Goddess places her hand on her left chest.<br/>
[I’m very glad that Sogou-san was such a person, holding great decentness in her heart. I see, this so-called Class President was such a person. At any rate, your reason for defeating the Great Demon Emperor is “for the sake of your comrades”, isn’t it—— Truly, how honorable. Doing it not for my sake, but for the sake of all of your classmates…… and that’s why I really, really respect you.]<br/>
This was the first time I had ever been so mildly “respected”.<br/>
However, this isn’t the first time that I knew that the Goddess had such a difficult personality.<br/>
[Goddess-sama, if that’s the case……]<br/>
[Yes, yes, let’s join forces from now on.]<br/>
[In exchange for sweeping the matter under the rug, would you do me one favor?]<br/>
[Eh, we’re heading directly to that huh? How—– greedy.]<br/>
Not minding her words, I continued.<br/>
[I’d like to request for your treatment.]<br/>
Both of the Goddess’s eyes that don’t have any hint of warmth in them, drew an arch.<br/>
[Eh? For who?]<br/>
[For Banewolf-san, Agito-san…… and also, Oyamada-kun and Yasu-kun…… When Sakura-san’s wrist was severed in the Magic Bones Ruins, Goddess-sama healed her wrist back to her arm. Just like that, could you please heal them?]<br/>
[Ah—- I see—– I see. Sogou-san really is always thinking about your comrades! You really don’t change. I thought you were drowning in your power and became more arrogant—– Ah, no, depending on how you look at it, that could also be considered as an arrogant wish but……]<br/>
Letting out a chuckle, the Goddess brought her hand on her mouth.<br/>
[Ara ara, it was a slip of the tongue. I unintentionally worsened the mood again…… Fufufu, please don’t mind me. Is that alright?]<br/>
Pushing away her instigations…<br/>
[Can you do it?]<br/>
The Goddess stiffened for a moment before replying…<br/>
[It’s not like I couldn’t do it. It’s just that, in regards to Oyamada-san’s treatment, it’s a matter of the mind, so it won’t be easy to cure him. Also, my <Heal> have side effects, you know?]<br/>
(T/N: Heal / Goddess’s Breath)<br/>
[Side effects?]<br/>
[With my ability, I can heal most things, even the most serious injuries. However—– there are times when I finished healing them, they would need to get a long sleep, not knowing when they would wake up.]<br/>
Kuuuaaahhhh……<br/>
Putting her hand over her mouth, the Goddess continues speaking after a yawn.<br/>
[That isn’t always the case, but even I myself…… still don’t know the difference between those who were sleeping because of my ability or those who were just normally sleeping and getting some rest, nor do I know the difference between those who can get away with just a short sleep and those who can’t. Well, from what I understood when I used my ability to heal before, it seems to me that the more seriously injured ones have a higher rate of requiring long sleep.]<br/>
So the abilities of one that is named “God” isn’t all-powerful huh.<br/>
It seems like there are those who continue to sleep for decades even after their wounds have healed.<br/>
There are even those who live out their lifespan while asleep.<br/>
Whether or not they wake up is a matter of luck.<br/>
In a sense, it’s a gamble.<br/>
If that’s the case…<br/>
(There’s a high chance that Bane-san and Agito-san would be put into a long sleep huh……?)<br/>
Then, would it be better for Banewolf and the others to not rely on the Goddess’s healing?<br/>
[To tell you the truth without shying away from your ideals, it’s a waste of manpower and resources to continue to take care of someone who may wake up without knowing when…… That is why I don’t want to use my <Heal> too much. And as I’ve told you before, most of all, using it would wear myself out…… and that’s why I think using it is a waste.]<br/>
As if to shirk away from troublesome things, the Goddess said with a sigh.<br/>
[Especially when it comes to the Heroes, even if they were put to a long sleep while Root of All Evil is still alive and well…… Is a Hero who was seriously injured at a time when he was needed the most really worth saving……? It’s very, very troubling. How really troubling.]<br/>
Even though I don’t feel any signs like she’s troubled at all, the Goddess’s brows drooped down.<br/>
[But well, it’s still fine if it was just a lower-ranked Hero. But if it was an S-Rank Hero who is put into a long sleep, summoning them isn’t really worth anymore…… is what I mean. Therefore, even if the S-Rank Sogou-san is seriously injured, do you understand that just healing you would be troublesome? Errr, and so…… Does that answer satisfy you, Sogou-san?]<br/>
I heard that it’s a miracle that Agito-san is still alive.<br/>
In other words, he’s still in a state where his survival is unpredictable.<br/>
Then…<br/>
[I would like to ask for a cure for Agito-san.]<br/>
[I understand. You owe me one.]<br/>
[As for the others…… Please ask Banewolf-san and Yasu-kun if they wished for healing. So, after telling them about the side effects, if they still wish for healing, please heal them……]<br/>
The Goddess’s eyes narrowed.<br/>
In her golden eyes reflects myself, propped up in crutches.<br/>
[I understand, I’ll do that. Ah, Sogou-san.]<br/>
[Yes?]<br/>
[I’m sure you understand from what I just said, but please do your best and get well soon, okay? I’m sincerely pleased that you’ve gotten stronger, but I don’t think you’ll be able to fight properly yet with your body like that.]<br/>
Receiving the Goddess’s gaze, staring right at me…<br/>
[Yes.]<br/>
I resolutely answered right back at her.<br/>
[I see, is that so. Well then, Sogou-san——-]<br/>
Straightening her posture, the Goddess smiled.<br/>
[We may not be able to do anything about our difference in personality, but let’s do our best. And, it’s time we both grew more mature.]<br/>
The Goddess turns around.<br/>
[I still have business to attend to, so I’ll be excusing myself. I will be giving my instructions through my subordinates later, so please wait here for a moment.]<br/>
Just as she was leaving, she looked back once and bows, and then, the Goddess departed.<br/>
As soon as the Goddess disappears into the castle, a man enters the square.<br/>
[Ah……]<br/>
[—–Sogou huh.]<br/>
[Kirihara-kun.]<br/>
