[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c199](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/199/)
<br/><br/>
Kirihara Takuto, wearing his Hero garment.<br/>
He was approaching my way.<br/>
Thereupon, he stopped in front of me.<br/>
[Thank goodness…… Kirihara-kun, you’re safe.]<br/>
[You acting like this huh?]<br/>
[Eh?]<br/>
[Sogou—– You are worried about me?]<br/>
[Eh? Yes…… I heard that the Great Demon Emperor had appeared in the East. So—–]<br/>
[Don’t tell me, you’re thinking that this me is going to lose to the Great Demon Emperor……? Or is it that you’re lacking in imagination?]<br/>
Something seemed to be bothering him.<br/>
Thereupon, the two other high-ranked Heroes that were dispatched to the Eastern Army also appeared in the square.<br/>
The Takao Sisters.<br/>
From the looks of it, they don’t seem to be injured.<br/>
(It seems like Hijiri-san and Itsuki-san is also alright…… Thank goodness.)<br/>
[Ah—- Speaking of which, Kirihara-kun……]<br/>
I changed the subject.<br/>
[You may already know this but…… Umm, Oyamada-kun had—–]<br/>
[That naturally came into my ears, Sogou……]<br/>
[Yes…… Oyamada-kun is now—–]<br/>
[You killed the Great Demon Emperor’s Confidant huh?]<br/>
Interrupting my words, Kirihara asked.<br/>
(Eh?)<br/>
This feels disturbing.<br/>
(He’s not talking about Oyamada-kun……?)<br/>
[From what I heard, he was some sort of big deal called Second Oath or something like that…… If you’re trying to show off your current status, it’s not my responsibility to stop you……]<br/>
[Why don’t you just straight up say that you’re bothered about the status difference between you and President?]<br/>
The one who interrupted his monologue was Takao Itsuki.<br/>
Looking like he’s surprised, Kirihara brushed his bangs to his back.<br/>
[You just don’t understand, Itsuki. It’s not that I’m not being obvious……. Sogou brought down the Second Oath of the Confidants, but on the other hand, the Great Demon Emperor escaped wit his tail between his legs…… The evidence is quite evident, it can’t be any more obvious.]<br/>
In the midst of all this, the turmoils in my heart continue to grow.<br/>
Wasn’t Kirihara worried about Oyamada Shogou?<br/>
I looked at Kirihara’s group behind him.<br/>
At first, they too were about to run up to Kirihara when he was approaching.<br/>
But now, they seemed to be hesitating.<br/>
Itsuki turned the conversation towards me.<br/>
[Anyway, it seems that President has finally learned your inherent skill huh?]<br/>
[Eh? Yes, well……]<br/>
[Kukuku, with that, Kirihara can’t swing around his huge face in front of the President huh?]<br/>
[? Me? Swinging around a huge face……?]<br/>
His hand that was stroking the back of his neck stopped, as Kirihara flung a displeased glance towards Itsuki.<br/>
[I don’t remember something like that happening. Don’t just make things up as you please, Itsuki……]<br/>
Itsuki glares back at him.<br/>
[Shaddup…… You’re the bast*rd who’s boasting about the retreat of the Great Demon Emperor as if it’s your credit alone. That guy retreated because of Elder Sister’s—–]<br/>
[That’s enough, Itsuki.]<br/>
Hijiri stopped Itsuki from talking.<br/>
[But Elder Sister……]<br/>
[It’s true that the growth of Kirihara-kun’s inherent skills held back the wave of enemies from the Eastern Invasion Force.]<br/>
[You have turned into my flatterer huh, Hijiri. But well…..]<br/>
Kirihara snorted.<br/>
[I can see that you’re not completely blind regarding what this king sees. Even though you’re always going to be her flunky, Itsuki, you should at least learn something from Hijiri…… That’s right, learn something from her. You have my consent.]<br/>
Groaning, Itsuki held unto her sister’s arm.<br/>
[Uuuu\~]<br/>
And then, Itsuki pressed her forehead on her sister’s arm.<br/>
[This guy is seriously troublesome to talk to.]<br/>
[It can’t be helped, it’s a different world after all.]<br/>
Replying with her with an answer that doesn’t seem to answer anything, Hijiri turns towards me.<br/>
[More importantly, Sogou-san, is your body alright?]<br/>
Somewhat happy to hear Hijiri’s caring words, my face involuntarily relaxed.<br/>
[I think I’ll be able to recover but…… I think it will take some time before I can get back to tip top shape.]<br/>
After a brief pause, Hijiri opened her mouth.<br/>
[Were those injuries from your battle with the Confidant called Second Oath?]<br/>
These weren’t injuries that Zweikzeed dealt to me.<br/>
Rather, I didn’t really mind these wounds cut by his blood sword.<br/>
It’s just that the burden from releasing my limits is now showing its effects.<br/>
But my body isn’t “broken”—– I know that.<br/>
It’s just that it’s taking me some time to recover.<br/>
However…<br/>
(Even with a Hero’s status corrections, I can’t believe this technique still has this much burden on my body……)<br/>
I have just released a single “strand” among my limiters.<br/>
It is said that in the past, there were masters who were able to control several of these strands.<br/>
They were called “Pinnacle Beings” at those times.<br/>
(Even though it’s still hard for me to imagine releasing two of those strands…)<br/>
Will I be able to reach that realm if I continue to train myself?<br/>
Much more so than now—– To reach the realm of th strongest people.<br/>
[Actually—–]<br/>
[You don’t have to answer that question.]<br/>
[ ? ]<br/>
For a moment, Hijiri glances at Kirihara.<br/>
(Could it be……)<br/>
It was better not to reveal the cause of the burden in my body to Kirihara.<br/>
She probably stopped me thinking about that.<br/>
[Anyway.]<br/>
Putting her hands on the back of her head, Itsuki asked.<br/>
[President crushed that Confidant, right? How much did you level up?]<br/>
[My level is currently……]<br/>
Come to think of it, how high is my level now?<br/>
Just about everything has been bustling since I defeated the Confidant that I had neglected checking it.<br/>
[Status Open.]<br/>
Basically, only the person herself or the Goddess can check every person’s status display.<br/>
So, in this case, I would have to orally tell them.<br/>
Looking at the level displayed, I spoke.<br/>
[Let’s see…… What’s written in here is that I’m already Lv 499—–]<br/>
——Swooooshhhh——-<br/>
[———————]<br/>
Klaaaannngggg!<br/>
[……Eh?]<br/>
My body—- naturally moved.<br/>
However, it wasn’t a mistake.<br/>
My body just reacted as if it could move.<br/>
My body wasn’t normally able to move in this kind of situation.<br/>
And since I tried to force it to move even in this state…<br/>
[———-Ngh.]<br/>
Pain began coursing through my body.<br/>
[………………………………….Kirihara-kun, did you just……]<br/>
The voice that was slightly condemning him is from Hijiri.<br/>
Looking at them—–<br/>
Kirihara’s sword that had stopped right before my eyes.<br/>
No—– It would be better to say that it blocked.<br/>
For Hijiri stands right beside me.<br/>
With her unsheathed long sword in hand, in a stance held out to the side.<br/>
My heart began beating fast.<br/>
What just happened?<br/>
That is—–<br/>
Kirihara suddenly tried slashing me.<br/>
And Hijiri reacted to his attack and jumped out to protect me.<br/>
Hijiri prevented Kirihara’s slash by blocking with her sword.<br/>
Sweat began to gush out from my entire body.<br/>
I could feel cold sweat dripping behind my back.<br/>
Hijiri’s questioning, cold, blade-like gaze was directed at Kirihara.<br/>
[And what do you think you’re doing, Kirihara-kun?]<br/>
There’s a harshness mixed in Hijiri’s voice.<br/>
In other words.<br/>
She had already sensed it too.<br/>
Yes…<br/>
(Kirihara-kun’s slash just now—–)<br/>
—-clearly had killing intent in it.<br/>
<Author’s Notes><br/>
Sometimes, when I’m writing the Goddess side after writing Touka’s side, I feel like I’m writing a completely different novel……<br/>
Also, I recently received word that the second volume of the manga has been reprinted. Thank you very much to everyone who has purchased it.<br/>
(T/N: no post about posting next week now lul)<br/>
