[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c202](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/202/)
<br/><br/>
Gently caressing the footprints with my fingertips, I checked the condition of the earth.<br/>
[By the looks of it…… It’s already been a long time since these people passed through here.]<br/>
If they’re on the move, it doesn’t seem like they would be around anymore huh.<br/>
I stand up.<br/>
[We should go.]<br/>
[Yes.]<br/>
We began advancing with caution.<br/>
Like that, we made our way through the dense bushes……<br/>
[……This.]<br/>
Seras gasped.<br/>
There were several Golden-eyed monsters before our eyes.<br/>
There were around twenty of them…<br/>
And all of them were corpses.<br/>
Blood was splattered all around.<br/>
They were splashed on the trunks of trees and the grass.<br/>
Fragments of flesh were also scattered about.<br/>
If this was a scene of a crime, it would have been quite a “gruesome scene”.<br/>
Kneeling down in front of the nearest corpse, I examined it.<br/>
I then raised my gaze and looked at the other corpses.<br/>
[What a surprise.]<br/>
This isn’t within the depths.<br/>
But even if it wasn’t, the monsters in the Golden Demon Zone were feared in this continent.<br/>
Even so…<br/>
[Some of these monsters tried to get away.]<br/>
There were signs that they had tried to escape.<br/>
A monster from the Golden Demon Zone had been frightened so much that it tried to flee.<br/>
The people responsible for this carnage, they were at least—–<br/>
People that don’t have any problem fighting against Golden-eyed monsters in the Demon Zone.<br/>
I can see it in the bodies and the conditions of the scene.<br/>
All in all, these monsters were killed without being able to fight back at all.<br/>
Moreover—— they weren’t overlooked.<br/>
It’s not just one or two monsters that tried to escape.<br/>
There’s also one that had its defenseless back slashed……<br/>
They didn’t overlook the monsters that tried to escape and went out of their way to chase them down and kill them.<br/>
[There are a lot of monsters that seem to have been slashed with swords…… From Seras’s eyes, how good are they?]<br/>
[They must have been quite experienced in the way of the sword.]<br/>
Seras guessed without a second thought.<br/>
[Even more than you?]<br/>
[——I’m not sure without seeing them myself. However, I’m sure that their abilities aren’t average. Most of all……]<br/>
[It doesn’t seem like they were seriously fighting these monsters huh?]<br/>
[Yes.]<br/>
[……………………]<br/>
Who are they?<br/>
What the heck are these people doing here?<br/>
We followed more footprints.<br/>
Looking at the direction of the footprints…<br/>
For now, it seems that they were headed in the same direction we’re heading.<br/>
The corpses of monsters lying around became a familiar sight for us.<br/>
There were even some corpses that were being pecked by a bird.<br/>
Judging by the footprints, there must be at least eight of them.<br/>
Speaking of which……<br/>
I haven’t encountered any monsters since I left that ruins where we interacted with Erika’s familiar.<br/>
Were the monsters within this area hiding in fear of the people who did this?<br/>
[If they were on the opposing side, it may be quite troublesome.]<br/>
[……The closest forces from here would be Mira and Urza but…]<br/>
Speaking of proximity—– the Faraway Country is also around this area.<br/>
The Magic Knights?<br/>
Or the Brilliant Squadron?<br/>
Or perhaps……<br/>
There’s another group around.<br/>
[Speaking of being curious, we still didn’t receive any information at all……]<br/>
*rustle*<br/>
As we passed through the bushes, I stopped talking.<br/>
Seras’s eyes opened wide.<br/>
*Gulp*<br/>
And then, she gulped down.<br/>
[This is———-]<br/>
Different from a while ago…<br/>
Seras reacted differently than when she saw the group of Golden-eyed monsters.<br/>
This time, she could feel surprise from seeing something beyond her imagination.<br/>
[…………………….]<br/>
Well, it can’t be helped.<br/>
Corpse.<br/>
No matter who looks at it, it would be a corpse of “that”.<br/>
I look towards “that”.<br/>
With a slightly dry voice—— Seras spoke out what “that” is.<br/>
[———-A Human-Faced.]<br/>
Sogou Ayaka’s name has recently been spreading out in the public.<br/>
However, it was once thought that one would have to rely on the Goddess or on the “Humanity’s Strongest” to defeat these vicious beings.<br/>
[…………………..]<br/>
I check the corpse and its surroundings again.<br/>
Judging from the traces I found, this Human-Faced’s opponent was a humanoid using a weapon.<br/>
It most probably doesn’t seem like a fight between two Human-Faced.<br/>
Nevertheless.<br/>
This Human-Faced has been miserably torn to shreds……<br/>
I don’t know how strong this Human-Faced was when it was alive but——<br/>
[This Human-Faced tried to run away once.]<br/>
That Human-Faced with someone holding strength that made it try to escape.<br/>
Speaking of the powerful people that I know of…<br/>
The Goddess.<br/>
The Heroes.<br/>
Alion’s Sixth Cavalry.<br/>
White Wolf Knight Commander, “The Black Wolf”.<br/>
The Mad Emperor.<br/>
Other than them, yes……<br/>
There are also some people we haven’t heard anything yet.<br/>
I think I first heard of him from Eve?<br/>
He’s apparently one of the powerful people.<br/>
However, there was very little information about him.<br/>
Eve, Seras, and even Erika don’t know about him that much.<br/>
If I remember correctly, his name is——<br/>
[It may have been that “Heroic Sword” fellow huh.]<br/>
<Author’s Notes><br/>
The Next Chapter will be updated on Wednesday, September 30.<br/>
