[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c204](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/204/)
<br/><br/>
[Touka-dono.]<br/>
[……Yeah.]<br/>
Me and Seras’ gaze was focused in the same direction..<br/>
A sign of something approaching—– a sound.<br/>
I focus my attention on my hearing.<br/>
[It seems to be running away from something.]<br/>
From what I feel…<br/>
If this being wasn’t acting, it must have been pretty desperate to run away.<br/>
Preparing our stance, ready to go into battle at any time, we waited.<br/>
Eventually…<br/>
Rustle!<br/>
As the leaves of the bushes fluttered around, a young girl appeared.<br/>
Seeing us, the girl’s mouth opened wide.<br/>
And a few moments later…<br/>
[P- Please run away nya!]<br/>
……Cat ears.<br/>
A Demi-Human?<br/>
A light pink hair.<br/>
She’s quite short.<br/>
It feels like she’s a child.<br/>
However……<br/>
Why is there a child in this place?<br/>
[……Are you being chased by something?]<br/>
When I asked, the cat-eared girl stops and checks behind her.<br/>
And then, she turns to us again.<br/>
[A f- frightening monster appeared nya! Nyaki was here to pick up some rare medicinal herbs that can be found here nya! But I was attacked by a monster and I escaped for my life nya! So you two, please get out of here as soon as possible nya!]<br/>
Nyaki—- must have been her name huh.<br/>
The girl points to the south.<br/>
[You may already nyeow this, but if you go towards that direction, you’ll come out to the Urza territory nya! Errr——]<br/>
The girl points in the direction we came from next—– to the East.<br/>
[Nyaki’s going to run that way nya!]<br/>
[……You’re not going to run away with us?]<br/>
[Nyaa!? That’s…… I don’t nyow if you can believe it, but Nyaki actually attracts monsters nya. While I run towards that direction, please run away nya.]<br/>
[……………..]<br/>
This cat.<br/>
Pat!<br/>
The girl proudly pats her chest.<br/>
[Nywhat! Nyaki is very nimble nya! As you can see, I was a bit wounded by the monster, but Nyaki’s body is tough nya♪ That’s why, you don’t nyeed to worry♪ So, please quickly run away nya! Nya’ll be going then!]<br/>
The girl was just about to run past us but……<br/>
[Oi.]<br/>
I stopped the girl.<br/>
[Can I ask you one question?]<br/>
[W- What is it nya? I nyeed to run away……]<br/>
[You…… The first time you showed up in front of us—–]<br/>
It was clear to me.<br/>
[Weren’t you going to ask for our help?]<br/>
[Nyaa—-]<br/>
Stop.<br/>
Nyaki stopped moving.<br/>
[I- It’s just your imagination nya……♪]<br/>
[You’re lying, aren’t you?]<br/>
Seras’ ability to judge if someone tells the truth or not.<br/>
[N- Nyaki…… Nyaki is, ummm…… ——-I- I’m sorry nya!]<br/>
Nyaki suddenly turned towards us, and got down in a dogeza.<br/>
[Nyaki is actually being chased for her life nya! The humans who are chasing me are very strong nya! They may perhaps, ummm…… You two might get caught up too nya! So, please quickly leave this place nya!]<br/>
[……………….]<br/>
This child…<br/>
Even though she’s in a situation where her own life is on the line…<br/>
She was more concerned—– about making sure we escaped.<br/>
On one hand, she even chose to head towards the more dangerous depths of the Demon Zone.<br/>
On the other hand, she tried to get us to flee to Urza down south, where we were moving away from the depths.<br/>
Furthermore…<br/>
She swallowed the word “Help” as quickly as she could.<br/>
She even lied—– about being chased by a monster.<br/>
Saving herself was just secondary for her.<br/>
Even lying for that.<br/>
Why would she do that?<br/>
It’s so that—— we wouldn’t get caught up.<br/>
[——————-]<br/>
On the girl’s exposed arm.<br/>
That’s where I was looking at.<br/>
Trying to suppress the trembling in my voice, I ask.<br/>
[Your name…… is Nyaki, right?]<br/>
[Eh? Ah, that’s right nya…… Ummm…… I really nyeed to run now……]<br/>
[That arm……]<br/>
[Nyaa?]<br/>
[Is it done by the people after you?]<br/>
[………………]<br/>
[Lying is useless. You should know that.]<br/>
[……Yes, that nyight.]<br/>
Seras, with a serious look on her face, nods at me.<br/>
……She’s not lying.<br/>
[I understand. I know it may have been hard for you to answer…… but thank you for answering.]<br/>
I take out the Fly King Mask out of my luggage.<br/>
Those “presences” are still far in the distance……<br/>
We still have enough time before they come here.<br/>
The girl—– Nyaki looked up at me, dumbfounded.<br/>
[U- Ummm…… You, errmmm…… What are you planning nya……?]<br/>
[I’m gonna go crush the people who are after you.]<br/>
[Nyaa!?]<br/>
Nyaki jumps up with a look of heartfelt surprise on her face.<br/>
[T- That’s no good nya!]<br/>
[What’s the matter? They want you dead, don’t they? And so, if you want to live…… Then, I just have to—–]<br/>
[The people who want to kill me are the members of the “Heroic Sword”!]<br/>
[……………Heehhh…]<br/>
Nyaki hurriedly waved both of her hands.<br/>
It’s like she’s trying to make gestures in case her point didn’t get through.<br/>
[T- They are very strong people nya! They’re people who were just casually about something as absurd as challenging Bakuos’ “Humanity’s Strongest” nya!]<br/>
That “Humanity’s Strongest” is already dead though.<br/>
……Hmm?<br/>
That means—- these fellows don’t know about Civit’s death yet huh.<br/>
“Heroic Sword”<br/>
“Humanity’s Strongest”<br/>
Perhaps, thinking that I’ve never heard their names……<br/>
[They’re also…… Errr, errr—– ……that’s nyight!]<br/>
Looking flustered, Nyaki also said something they’re known for.<br/>
[——-The people of the Heroic Sword are so fierce that they destroyed the Speed Tribe, which was famous for their strength nya……!]<br/>
………………..<br/>
[…………………………….What did you just say?]<br/>
Which tribe did she just say?<br/>
[T- That nyight! They are so powerful that even those people from the Speed Tribe couldn’t win nya! Moreover at that time, the Heroic Sword’s members were still children……!]<br/>
Perhaps, Nyaki……<br/>
Nyaki may have thought she had finally conveyed the strength of the Heroic Sword by mentioning the name of the Speed Tribe.<br/>
However, she’s mistaken.<br/>
She’s obviously—– mistaken.<br/>
“No, I don’t know their names. I only vividly remembered that they were unusually strong for their age but……”<br/>
When Erika asked her about the people who attacked the Speed Tribe, that’s what Eve said.<br/>
[……I see. Yeah, I clearly understand…… So that’s how it is—– it’s those people huh.]<br/>
Seras too, seemed to have figured out the situation.<br/>
[That means, those who are after Nyaki-dono……]<br/>
[Yeah.]<br/>
The same people who killed the Speed Tribe—— Along with Eve’s parents.<br/>
Well……<br/>
[…………………….]<br/>
One way or another——<br/>
Considering what happened to Nyaki, there’s no way we’re going to escape.<br/>
The Heroic Sword……<br/>
I’m going to crush them right here.<br/>
