[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c205](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%E3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%E3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/205/)
<br/><br/>
The feeling of approaching presences aren’t far away—– but they’re not close either.<br/>
There’s still time.<br/>
[Nyaki.]<br/>
[Y…… Yes nya.]<br/>
There’s a hint of fear in Nyaki’s voice.<br/>
Perhaps, it’s because of the change in my mood.<br/>
I inwardly clicked my tongue.<br/>
……I freaked Nyaki out… What should I do…<br/>
Stifling the anger within me, I changed the tone of my voice.<br/>
[Nyaki…… I have some questions to ask you. However, if it’s really too hard to answer, you don’t have to force yourself to answer them.]<br/>
Nyaki sits in seiza.<br/>
[I- It’s alright nya…… Nyaki is alright with it nya!]<br/>
Nyaki’s eyes lit up with determination.<br/>
“The questions I am about to ask her are very important.”<br/>
—as if she perceived such things.<br/>
[…………………..]<br/>
We don’t have enough time to say that we have plenty of them.<br/>
Narrowing down my questions to a few points, I began asking her questions.<br/>
The first thing I wanted to know was the number of members of Heroic Sword.<br/>
After that, the ranking of strength among them.<br/>
However, what I needed to know most was……<br/>
[I see.]<br/>
I thoroughly understand.<br/>
[So, all of them participated in killing the Speed Tribe…… And none of them felt a hint of regret for it huh.]<br/>
No, regretting their actions didn’t enter their mind at all.<br/>
I still don’t know the reason why they did that but……<br/>
I’ve heard that the annihilation of the Speed Tribe is a “glorious memory” for them.<br/>
It’s a turning point for the Heroic Sword.<br/>
She said that they often compare the battles they fought at that time.<br/>
As if it’s a chapter they’re reminiscing.<br/>
Nyaki had been told about that story many times along the way.<br/>
That’s why that story had left such an impression on her.<br/>
[Ummm…… Ruin-san used to talk about it with a nostalgic look on his face nya……]<br/>
“That time—— is the beginning for all of us”<br/>
That’s what this Ruin fellow said as he looked up at the sky.<br/>
Thereupon, the other members would also look absorbed and look at the sky as well.<br/>
……They’re disgusting.<br/>
[H- However, I still think it’s dangerous nya! I heard that the Heroic Sword members are the strongest hidden blade of Alion’s Goddess nya!]<br/>
[……Heehhh…]<br/>
So they were living on the same tune as that goddess huh.<br/>
The reason why there was extremely little information about them was that they were a group that emphasized secrecy huh.<br/>
[It feels convenient for me—— that I’m starting to think it’s too convenient.]<br/>
[Funyaahh!?]<br/>
To Nyaki, this seemed to be another unexpected reaction.<br/>
[In that case, all the more reason to crush them here and now.]<br/>
Let’s try to sort out the information I got here at once.<br/>
The Heroic Sword is currently made up of nine people, after they apparently lost one of them.<br/>
Two of them are exceptionally strong.<br/>
One of them is Satsuki, the “Final Blade”.<br/>
The other is Ruin Seal, the “Heroic Sword”.<br/>
The name of their group was dubbed after this Ruin fellow huh.<br/>
How misleading.<br/>
Anyway—— that large number of corpses I found along the way.<br/>
I’m sure they were also the people who killed those Human-Faced too.<br/>
[…………………]<br/>
Hearing their information though, should I say a question appeared in my mind, or rather……<br/>
I felt my interest piqued.<br/>
The Heroic Sword members are so powerful that the Human-Faced tried to escape.<br/>
However, these bunch didn’t participate in the previous battle against the Great Demon Emperor’s army.<br/>
They don’t even know about Civit’s death yet.<br/>
That’s probably because they were avoiding human settlements while on the move.<br/>
They must move while hidden beneath the eyes of masses—— well, I can understand that.<br/>
In fact, it’s also possible that they don’t even know about the recent invasion of the Great Demon Emperor’s army.<br/>
In that case.<br/>
“What” is that Sh*tty Goddess making them do?<br/>
If they’re good enough to kill Human-Faced, they should be among the foremost line within the front lines.<br/>
However, these bunch didn’t participate in the previous battle.<br/>
Even though the Demons have conducted a great invasion.<br/>
It should be more important than stopping the Great Demon Emperor’s invasion—— or perhaps, as important as that.<br/>
[The places near here are Urza, Mira and……]<br/>
And lastly…<br/>
[The Faraway Country.]<br/>
A phantom country where the survivors of the Forbidden Race are said to be located.<br/>
A place where the only race that holds the key to the Forbidden Curses resides.<br/>
In short——–<br/>
[……………………….]<br/>
Good work, Sh*tty Goddess.<br/>
You have shown the place we are looking for yourself.<br/>
For her to send the Heroic Swords, her powerful pawns, all the way here to search for it……<br/>
That would mean…<br/>
That paradoxically—– is the proof I needed.<br/>
The credibility of the Forbidden Curses working on her increased.<br/>
“The existence of the Forbidden Curses is a real threat to the Goddess.”<br/>
The Heroic Sword, who could have been a great pawn for the battle against the Great Demon Emperor.<br/>
However, Vysis put the Great Demon Emperor aside and used them to search for the Faraway  Country instead.<br/>
The Forbidden Language.<br/>
The Forbidden Curses.<br/>
[That means—–]<br/>
In other words…<br/>
[You’re the Divine Beast huh, Nyaki.]<br/>
[T- That is what they had told me nya. They said that Nyaki was needed to open the door beyond the Great Illusion nya……]<br/>
Still sitting on a seiza, Nyaki put her hands on her lap.<br/>
*clench*<br/>
Nyaki tightly closed her tear-stained eyes and tightly gripped her hands.<br/>
[Nyaki—— Nyaki will do her best nya! Nyaki was always being taken care of by Mama Ninya, and now, Nyaki finally has an important role to play……! I thought I could finally repay my beloved Ninya a little bit by fulfilling this role nya! But… But……]<br/>
Nyaki was at a loss for words for a moment, before she spoke again.<br/>
[It seems that when my role is over, Nyaki will be killed by the Heroic Sword people! Nyaki endured a lot nya! Nyaki held out to fulfill her duty nya! But… but…… If I die here, Nyaki won’t be able to meet Ninya again nya! That’s why, Nyaki had——-]<br/>
That’s why she escaped from the Heroic Sword.<br/>
From what I heard, Nyaki had fainted.<br/>
And—– when she woke up, that is what she heard.<br/>
“After we finished our duty, let’s kill Nyaki.”<br/>
And so, she decided to run away.<br/>
Nyaki looked up, her eyes filled with tears.<br/>
It’s just that…… she only has a desperate smile on her face.<br/>
[You should understand nya…… Nyaki isn’t human nya…… Nyaki weeaaallly knows that “fake humans” like Nyaki is just a hindrance for humans nya! But, Nyaki…… to Ninya, to Mainya and everyone back home, even if it’s just to see their faces once more——– F- Funnnyyaaaahhhhh\~\~……]<br/>
“Funya, funya, funya.”<br/>
Intermittently, her voice rang out.<br/>
Nyaki began to cry.<br/>
Seras came up beside her and kneeled down, gently putting a hand on her back.<br/>
[I don’t know what the members of the Heroic Sword said to you. However, by no means would you ever be a hindrance. Such a pure person like you is……]<br/>
Seras’ voice was filled with unconcealed anger.<br/>
[……………………]<br/>
Anyway.<br/>
The presences of the people pursuing her are in a distance.<br/>
Nyaki is weak.<br/>
Hence, in terms of speed, it should certainly be inferior to the Heroic Sword.<br/>
Moreover, the color of her hair is conspicuous.<br/>
In other words, she’s easy to find.<br/>
On the other hand, Nyaki has escaped quite a distance……<br/>
The Divine Beast, Nyaki, is an important key to entering the Faraway Country,<br/>
[……………………]<br/>
Doesn’t that mean the Heroic Sword had noticed that Nyaki had escaped for quite a while?<br/>
No matter how I look at it, it looks strange.<br/>
They had noticed too late that they didn’t even send some of their members as pursuers for her.<br/>
When Nyaki woke up, she mentioned that the area was like a sea of blood……<br/>
[……Oh, well.]<br/>
The presences are finally drawing near.<br/>
Held in her chest, Seras gently hugged Nyaki’s head.<br/>
Then, she said.<br/>
[I won’t forgive them.]<br/>
Her white face is filled with righteous indignation.<br/>
[I—–]<br/>
[No, you’ll stay here and keep Nyaki safe.<br/>
“Fuuu……”<br/>
I let out a long—– deep exhale.<br/>
[I have to listen to her in a short amount of time and calmly compile the information…… I can’t let my anger control my actions. It’s just that—– It’s pretty hard to stay calm.]<br/>
This isn’t just about the Speed Tribe anymore.<br/>
I turned towards Nyaki and glanced at her arms and legs.<br/>
Bruises.<br/>
She tries to act cheerful, but her depression can’t be concealed.<br/>
Who is it that “I’m looking” at?<br/>
I can see it in my mind.<br/>
Those days…<br/>
Those days when I was on the verge of being killed, both physically and mentally……<br/>
Moreover…<br/>
It seems that even with all she did, Nyaki still doesn’t hold any grudge against the Heroic Sword.<br/>
It’s just that she doesn’t want to die.<br/>
She just doesn’t want to be killed.<br/>
She just wants to live and see “Ninya”.<br/>
It’s fine even if it’s just one more time.<br/>
[………………]<br/>
“Even if it’s just one more time”?<br/>
If she was allowed to see this person again, she was willing to be killed?<br/>
Also, if she isn’t human, she’s a hindrance?<br/>
……Screw all that.<br/>
Whether it’s getting killed…<br/>
Or being a hindrance…<br/>
Heroic Sword.<br/>
Aren’t you b*stards the one who should be saying that?<br/>
[Take care of Nyaki.]<br/>
I said to Seras.<br/>
[If you feel that this place is unsafe, ride Slei and both of you move out of here. After that, it’s up for you to decide.]<br/>
[Yes—— Understood.]<br/>
I put on the Fly King mask.<br/>
Then, I walked away while Seras and the others went in the opposite direction.<br/>
Crickle, crackle!<br/>
I stomped hard on the twig on my path.<br/>
If I make a sound, they might hear it and think it’s Nyaki.<br/>
Of course.<br/>
Part of the reason for the strength of my stop on the twig is due to my anger.<br/>
My eyes bared—— I glared at the direction of the approaching presences.<br/>
*clench*<br/>
I grind my teeth.<br/>
If I show my emotions in front of Nyaki in a strange way, I might scare her away.<br/>
But, from here on out—— It doesn’t matter at all.<br/>
[Geez…… Just when I’m getting angrier, this way.]<br/>
The distance between me and the presences are closing in.<br/>
……These fellows.<br/>
Perhaps, if it’s just the two of them, they could capture Nyaki again.<br/>
These two have the strength that shows they aren’t just mere cronies.<br/>
If these two are either the “Heroic Sword” or the “Final Blade”, I would have dealt the first strike after I fused with Pigimaru but…..<br/>
I’m not sure if it’s those two at the moment.<br/>
There are at least seven other members of Heroic Sword.<br/>
If it’s possible, I’d like to use my fusion against those two extraordinary members.<br/>
Straining my eyes, I observed the two men approaching from a distance.<br/>
Incidentally, I’ve already obtained the information on their physical characteristics from Nyaki.<br/>
[………………..]<br/>
They’re different.<br/>
They’re neither Ruin, nor Satsuki.<br/>
Based on my information……<br/>
Those two should be Toad and Bardwitcher huh?<br/>
……I guess I’ll reserve my fusion with Pigimaru for now.<br/>
Taking off the Fly King mask I just put on, I close my distance towards them.<br/>
Then…<br/>
[The guy over there!]<br/>
[Come out!]<br/>
Appearing in front of them, I patted my chest.<br/>
[Ahh, I’m glad I found you…… I have come bearing a message from Goddess Vysis.]<br/>
I then add a wry smile.<br/>
[It’s really troublesome finding you in these woods.]<br/>
[……Wait! Don’t come any closer!]<br/>
One of them stopped me.<br/>
I see.<br/>
Since they can’t confirm my identity, I’ve already expected they’d do that……<br/>
Stopping my approach is the right thing to do.<br/>
[You’re suspicious…… Are you really the Goddess’s messenger?]<br/>
[W- What are you talking about!? That’s Bardwitcher-sama and you are Toad-sama…… You may not know me, but I have seen both of you a few times in the past. Ummm…… To be honest, I look up to the members of the Heroic Sword. And that’s why, this unworthy me is trying to imitate you, as one of Vysis-sama’s spies……]<br/>
The two of them glanced at each other.<br/>
“I look up to them.”<br/>
Few people are offended by being told that.<br/>
That’s why the two of them loosened their guard for a bit.<br/>
[By the way…… Have you seen the Divine Beast?]<br/>
[Her pink hair should be really conspicuous.]<br/>
My eyes turning wide, I turned pale.<br/>
[Could it be, t- the Divine Beast got away?]<br/>
[……I’ll catch up with it immediately, so don’t worry about it. That fake human was courteously leaving traces all over the place, so I can easily tell the direction where she escaped. So, the two of us will catch it right away.]<br/>
I completely crushed all those traces on the way here though.<br/>
The other man continues.<br/>
[That fake human has considerably weakened already…… Oops, there’s no need to report this to Vysis-sama, okay?  Well, I’m sure it will be alright, but that thing is still Vysis-sama’s possession……]<br/>
The two of them are finally becoming distracted.<br/>
They began walking up to me with a trusting look on their faces.<br/>
The fact that both of them are walking up to me…… is their mistake.<br/>
I’m supposed to know them, but they don’t know me.<br/>
If I were to quickly approach them, they would definitely be vigilant.<br/>
[So? What’s the message you brought to us?]<br/>
[By the way, did you know that the Great Demon Emperor’s invasion has begun?]<br/>
[——It has finally arrived huh.]<br/>
They didn’t know this information either.<br/>
[However, my message isn’t related to that. It’s more about the current mission……]<br/>
Holding out my hand, I raised three of my fingers.<br/>
[There are three things you need to know.]<br/>
[Three?]<br/>
One of them nodded his head.<br/>
[Stop with the roundabout way of speaking. What are those three?]<br/>
[The first one would be <Paralyze>.]<br/>
[ ? ]<br/>
—————Crackle, crackle—————<br/>
[Huh? What… are you—– ……!?]<br/>
[…….? ——–!? I…… can’t… move——-?]<br/>
Slowly…<br/>
I also held out my thumb and my pinky towards their direction.<br/>
Making my palm open wide.<br/>
[That Sh*tty Goddess…… didn’t send me any freaking message.]<br/>
Now then.<br/>
This is where it starts.<br/>
