[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c208](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%E3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%E3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/208/)
<br/><br/>
For the time being, I decided to return back to Seras and the others.<br/>
Seras recognizes my presence and runs over to me.<br/>
But…<br/>
[I’m glad that y——]<br/>
In the middle of speaking, Seras stopped—— and rushed to me at greater speed.<br/>
[Are you hurt!?]<br/>
Slei also ran over to me.<br/>
Nyaki’s face turned pale.<br/>
[Don’t worry. It isn’t my blood.]<br/>
Saying that to Seras who was about to check my body from injuries, she pats her chest.<br/>
Regaining her composure, she then asked.<br/>
[The Heroic Sword, have you defeated them already?]<br/>
[There were only two of them who chased after Nyaki. The others don’t seem to be following.]<br/>
Nyaki, who is standing at the edge of my vision, looked surprised.<br/>
[T- The other members of the Heroic Sword other than Ruin-san and Satsuki-san should be strong as well nya…… W- Who in the world are you nya?]<br/>
[Speaking of which, I guess we haven’t introduced ourselves with each other yet huh.]<br/>
Toad and Bardwitcher were approaching earlier, so we didn’t have the time for that.<br/>
After the encounter with Nyaki, I’m pretty sure neither Seras nor I said our names.<br/>
Is what I thought but…<br/>
[I’m sorry. In fact, I’ve decided to reveal my identity while we wait for you.]<br/>
Looking as if she’s ready to be scolded, Seras said.<br/>
[To gain her trust, I still think I thought that I should tell her the truth from the start…… Moreover……]<br/>
Glancing at Nyaki, Seras shrunk down.<br/>
[Nyaki-dono is too pure, so it feels difficult to tell her false information…… My apologies.]<br/>
Even though she said that, it seems that she hardly gave her much information about my background.<br/>
I feel like she efficiently dealt with this.<br/>
[Well, it won’t be much of a problem to divulge it to Nyaki. Moreover, well……]<br/>
I also looked at Nyaki.<br/>
“Nyaki-dono is too pure, so it feels difficult to tell her false information.”<br/>
[……To be honest, I can understand why you felt that way.]<br/>
And thus, I revealed my real name normally too.<br/>
[Is it okay if I call you Touka-san nya?]<br/>
[Call me what you want, Nyaki. And, this guy is……]<br/>
I opened my collar a bit and peered into my robe.<br/>
[Introduce yourself.]<br/>
[Puyuuun.]<br/>
Pigimaru descends to the ground from inside the robe.<br/>
Nyaki’s eyes opened wide.<br/>
[Slime-san nya.]<br/>
[He’s called Pigimaru.]<br/>
[Pii?]<br/>
Pigimaru asked for confirmation.<br/>
“Is this child our friend now?”<br/>
—-or it feels like he’s acting that.<br/>
Nodding back at him, Pigimaru stretched out his protrusion to Nyaki.<br/>
[Puyuu.]<br/>
[He’s asking for a handshake. Just be gentle on your hold.]<br/>
Looking slightly dumbfounded, Nyaki reservedly gripped the protrusion.<br/>
[I’m Nya- Nyaki nya.]<br/>
She still seems to be stiff but……<br/>
It looks like Nyaki is starting to get less nervous.<br/>
It’s going great.<br/>
[And, this one’s Slei.]<br/>
[Pakkyyuuu\~\~]<br/>
[Funnyaaa!?]<br/>
Slei rubbed her cheeks against Nyaki’s.<br/>
Somehow.<br/>
It seems like she’s cheering her up.<br/>
[My name is Nya- Nyaki nya.]<br/>
[Pakyuu.]<br/>
It was at that moment.<br/>
Nyaki moved.<br/>
Sitting on a seiza, Nyaki shrunk and bowed her head.<br/>
[For saving her life, Nyaki would like to thank you from the bottom of her heart nya…… Touka-san, Seras-san, Pigimaru-san and Slei-san—— Nyaki will never forget this gratitude nya. And also, I’m really sorry for the inconvenience Nyaki caused nya. I’m sorry nya……!]<br/>
Nyaki looks up.<br/>
[Then everyone, please hurry up and leave this place nya! Nyaki will rest here for a while and then, head over there as I planned nya!]<br/>
Nyaki points towards the depths of the Demon Zone.<br/>
……I see.<br/>
In Nyaki’s mind…<br/>
It isn’t as if she wants us to protect her here.<br/>
[……Nyaki.]<br/>
[Y- Yes nya.]<br/>
[You’re still saying things like that?]<br/>
[Funya?]<br/>
[Unless you don’t want to……]<br/>
I held out my hand.<br/>
[How about you come with us instead?]<br/>
[F- Funyaaa……!?]<br/>
[If you really don’t like it, you could at least stay with us until we ensure your safety. That’s why I went out of my way to get everyone to introduce themselves earlier.]<br/>
For a while, Nyaki looked like she was stupefied.<br/>
It seemed that she hadn’t caught up with the meaning of my words yet.<br/>
Eventually, it seems like she finally understood.<br/>
[……T- That’s no good nya! If Nyaki goes with everyone, I will definitely just bring troubles nya! It seems that Nyaki, a Divine Beast, is absolutely necessary for Heroic Sword for the moment nya! That’s why…… They will definitely chase after me nya! Besides…… I don’t know what would happen to Touka-san and everyone if they found out that their friends were killed……]<br/>
Nyaki cried again.<br/>
However——- She had a smile on her face.<br/>
[Even with the short time we talked, I know that Touka-san and everyone are good people nya…… That’s why I absolutely don’t want everyone to go through something terrible nya…… Nyaki…… Even if Nyaki doesn’t see Ninya, Mainya and everyone again…… I still meyt such kind people in the end…… So, I’m really, really, really satisfied nya……]<br/>
So for her, it’s either death from being caught by Heroic Sword.<br/>
Or death after a monster finds her huh.<br/>
Nyaki is already prepared to die.<br/>
[Everyone, thank you very much nya.]<br/>
Tears dripping from her eyes even with the smile on her lips, Nyaki said.<br/>
[Even for a short time…… Nyaki felt warm for the first time in a long time.]<br/>
I just let out a sigh.<br/>
[Nyaki…… It looks to me like you’re misunderstanding something from back then.]<br/>
[Funya……?]<br/>
[The two strongest people in the Heroic Sword are people who wanted to challenge the “Humanity’s Strongest”…… is what you said earlier, right?]<br/>
[Y- Yes, nya.]<br/>
[The “Humanity’s Strongest” is already dead though——- and I’m the one who defeated him.]<br/>
[Nyaaahhh!?]<br/>
[It’s the truth, Nyaki-dono.]<br/>
Seras added.<br/>
[I was actually about to be killed by the “Humanity’s Strongest”. Civit Gartland…… but that’s when I was saved by Touka-dono.]<br/>
With tears still in her eyes, Nyaki looks towards me with a surprised lok on her face.<br/>
[T- Touka-san…… defeated that “Humanity’s Strongest”!?]<br/>
[Well, yeah.]<br/>
It was through an honest fight, but by deceiving him though.<br/>
Well, the fact that “I defeated him” should still be the same.<br/>
[That’s why you didn’t have to run away from them.]<br/>
Nyaki hung her head down.<br/>
It seemed like her mind was jumbled up with all sorts of emotions.<br/>
Well, I can imagine why.<br/>
At this point in time——- She’s probably feeling pity for the Heroic Sword.<br/>
For she learned that I’m apparently stronger than them.<br/>
Feelings of pity for the Heroic Sword surged at that moment when she knew that they would almost certainly be killed.<br/>
Perhaps, in Nyaki’s ideal view of life.<br/>
It would be better if no one had to die.<br/>
No matter what kind of person it is, the few deaths there are, the better.<br/>
Nyaki is probably thinking—-<br/>
“If things are like this, I should just keep running away.”<br/>
—like that.<br/>
Without the key, Nyaki, one wouldn’t be able to enter the Faraway Country.<br/>
In that case, the Heroic Sword will not be able to kill the inhabitants of that country.<br/>
If we just keep as we are and Nyaki runs away—— No one else will die.<br/>
However, the Heroic Sword is Goddess Vysis’ secret force.<br/>
There’s no way that they wouldn’t eventually stand in my way.<br/>
I will definitely clash with them somewhere—— In that case, it’s better to crush them now.<br/>
……Even if they aren’t though.<br/>
Overlooking what they did to the Speed Tribe and Nyaki……<br/>
Then—— I don’t think I will ever be a proper adult.<br/>
[Sorry, Nyaki.]<br/>
Turning to the direction where Heroic Sword would be, I said.<br/>
[I’m not the kind of person…… who would just let the Heroic Sword go unchecked. I’m not as kind as you are.]<br/>
Nyaki raised her face.<br/>
[Touka-san……]<br/>
A frail voice.<br/>
In fact, Nyaki is weak.<br/>
From what I’ve heard from Nyaki, there’s not a single person who saved her.<br/>
No one has been kind to Nyaki.<br/>
However, Nyaki is kind even to the people who caused her suffering.<br/>
To this Nyaki who is brimming with kindness——- How heartless can they be to hurt her like that.<br/>
[However, I wish you would keep that kindness in your heart. I’m sure there are people will be saved by your kindness.]<br/>
With a movement of my finger, I called for Pigimaru and he slipped into my robe.<br/>
This time, I would bring Slei with me.<br/>
[Seras, you will continue to be in charge of looking after Nyaki. There are seven more people on their side. They may consider splitting up and conducting an extensive search.]<br/>
[You mean that some of them may slip past through you?]<br/>
[Yeah. It’s your sword that would protect Nyaki at that time then——- The sword that was described by that Strongest Blood Champion as having talent, incomparable to others.]<br/>
[——Leave it to me. I’ll do my best to make sure that you can fight without worrying about anything else.]<br/>
[I’m counting on you. ……Let’s go, Slei.]<br/>
Following my words, Slei started to walk forward.<br/>
It seems like night is about to fall.<br/>
That’s what I could see from the color of the skies.<br/>
The darkness—— would be our time.<br/>
Heroic Sword.<br/>
If I were to go fight in an honest, straightforward battle, the other side might be superior.<br/>
Civit hadn’t mentioned the Heroic Sword in the name of opponents he wanted to fight.<br/>
However, that’s because information about them itself was hardly available.<br/>
At least, it wasn’t known to the general public like Civit.<br/>
How many I’m going to end up facing is also unknown.<br/>
However, what I know for sure is that……<br/>
They are capable of making a Human-Faced decide to flee instead.<br/>
Just this point is an undeniable fact about them.<br/>
On the other hand, I probably can’t deal with a Human-Faced in a straightforward manner.<br/>
They aren’t people that I should take lightly.<br/>
However——– even so.<br/>
I’m not sure if I’d be satisfied with just “killing” them.<br/>
[………………….]<br/>
Speed Tribe.<br/>
Eve’s parents.<br/>
I’ve heard stories from Eve about the days she spent with them.<br/>
That they were good people.<br/>
Really good people.<br/>
Especially Eve’s parents.<br/>
The more she talked about them—— the more they sound like they resemble them.<br/>
It’s just like—— how my uncle’s family is.<br/>
[……And they were “killed for fun”?]<br/>
Not stopping from walking, I put the Fly King mask on.<br/>
Then, for all the fun they felt……<br/>
[Don’t think I would just let you die that easily.]<br/>
Even if it’s cruel.<br/>
Even if they say I’m inhuman.<br/>
Towards these people……<br/>
——————————————————————There’s no place for sympathy.<br/>
