[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c217](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%E3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%E3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/217/)
<br/><br/>
<Goddess Vysis POV><br/>
In the royal castle of Alion——— The Goddess’ office.<br/>
Vysis was sitting behind her desk with a smile on her face.<br/>
In the end of her gaze uprightly stands Duke Polarie.<br/>
He was also the man who had been the commander in the battle that just occurred at the Anti-Demon White Castle.<br/>
Looking at him, Vysis clasped her hands together on the desk.<br/>
[Has Mira already launched an attack on Urza?]<br/>
[They might have already done so by now.]<br/>
Mira first invited Urza, their neighboring country to the east.<br/>
They asked them to join their side in fighting against Vysis.<br/>
Apparently, the Urza’s Magister King Jin turned pale when he received their invitation that’s almost close to a threat.<br/>
Thereupon, he asked the Goddess for instructions on what movements he could do.<br/>
At this point, Vysis had thought of a response to his question.<br/>
That he should delay in giving his reply, and while he’s doing that, she’ll get her side into position——-<br/>
In other words, she’s going to ask him to stall for time.<br/>
However, the time that Mira was waiting for Urza’s reply was too short.<br/>
The Mad Emperor seemed to be careful about them doing so.<br/>
In the end, Urza still delayed their reply until the last minute, buying some time……<br/>
[It would be a little troublesome if they take Fort Zord in the south. If they managed to take hold of it, they’ll use it as a starting point to send more and more troops into Urza.]<br/>
[That’s why the Magister King sent the Magic Knights to Fort Zord first. It’s just that……]<br/>
[Is it possible that Mira planned to have Urza’s main force, the Magic Knights, head there?]<br/>
[Yes. Mad Emperor and his two brothers were famed for being particularly clever. It remains to be seen what plans they will come up with.]<br/>
[Even so, of all the times they had to pick…… Why would the Mad Emperor declare at a time like this?]<br/>
The Duke voiced out the question that everyone else was thinking.<br/>
As the smile on her face didn’t quiver at all——–<br/>
[Rather——-]<br/>
Vysis spoke.<br/>
[Isn’t it because this is the right time for them to do so?]<br/>
[What do you mean?]<br/>
[It’s because with the Great Demon Emperor still alive and well, my Alion can’t just focus on Mira alone.]<br/>
[No, but…… Isn’t that too reckless of them? If a conflict occurs within the Holy Alliance at this moment, it will end up benefiting the Great Demon Emperor……]<br/>
[It is as you say. Even if we lost Mira, in the end, the more the continent’s strength is depleted by this “internal strife”, the greater the risk of being destroyed by the Great Demon Emperor.]<br/>
It seems like only the Great Demon Emperor benefits from this war.<br/>
But——– even if that’s so……<br/>
Vysis’ smile deepened.<br/>
[If you would put it in another way, if they wanted to rebel against our Alion, this was the only time they could do so. In times of peace, even if Mira Empire declares war, they would end up being surrounded by other countries.]<br/>
That’s right.<br/>
Just north of Mira is Jonato Principality.<br/>
The relationship between the two countries isn’t good either.<br/>
There’s no doubt that Jonato will side with Alion.<br/>
As for Urza’s Magister King, he has always been afraid of Vysis.<br/>
That’s why Jonato and Urza would almost certainly be on their side.<br/>
In this case, Mira would be pinned down from north and east.<br/>
However, Jonato is currently on the verge of collapse due to the recent invasion.<br/>
For Mira, the north is no longer a concern.<br/>
The same is true for Magnar, which occupies the northern part of the continent.<br/>
Their forces have become thin right now.<br/>
They had lost at least 70% of their war potential.<br/>
The remaining 30% is only made up of the White Wolf Knights, and the army they’re in charge of, that was in the Eastern Army.<br/>
Moreover, it is still unknown if Magnar’s White Wolf King is still alive or not, and where he could be……<br/>
Now, what about the Holy Kingdom of Neia and Bakuos Empire?<br/>
As expected, both countries are quite worn out from their previous battle.<br/>
They obviously don’t have the strength to go to war right away.<br/>
In other words……<br/>
The only forces that Mira needs to deal with now are from the two countries, Alion and Urza.<br/>
Even the army of Alion is not unharmed.<br/>
In the last battle at the Anti-Demon White Castle, they lost a good number of soldiers.<br/>
However—— Mira has lost very little war potential from the previous great invasion.<br/>
[……I see. If you think of it that way, this is the only chance Mira has to raise an army.]<br/>
The Duke groaned in agreement.<br/>
[But, even so…… In a situation where we all need to work together, the Mad Emperor’s actions this time really shows how mad he is.]<br/>
[That’s right…… For some time now, the Mad Emperor has been dissatisfied with Alion’s standpoint. However, I didn’t expect that he would betray me at this moment…… After all, that’s being suicidal, you know? Seriously——— What do they want by doing such an act? I don’t know. I don’t know what he’s thinking at all.]<br/>
[Indeed…… To defy Vysis-sama’s will, it doesn’t seem like he’s sane at all……]<br/>
As the smile on Vysis’ lips retracted……<br/>
[Sniff…… U- Uuuu……]<br/>
A silent sob leaked out of her mouth.<br/>
[Vysis-sama……?]<br/>
[Even though I worked my body hard to serve the people every day…… I can’t believe that a human would just bare his fangs to me like this…… That’s too cruel. You must have thought so too, right?]<br/>
[……Huh.]<br/>
The Duke absentmindedly replied.<br/>
[…………………]<br/>
[Ah, no——– That’s right! You’ve devoted your entire life to the people, and for him to slight you like this——– This is unforgivable!]<br/>
[Even among the Heroes, there are seven troublesome people in their group…… Ahhh, how misfortunate could I be. It’s as if I’m taking on the misery of the whole world……]<br/>
[Fumu…… It’s true that it’s hard to predict what Kirihara-dono and Hijri-dono are thinking. However, isn’t Ayaka Sogou-dono a good Hero?]<br/>
[Hmmm?]<br/>
[ ? ]<br/>
[Fumu……]<br/>
As her chair turned away from the desk, Vysis slightly shifted her posture.<br/>
And then……<br/>
[Fufufun, funfunfuuun\~\~, fufufun, funfuuun\~\~, funfuuun\~\~♪ funfufuuunfuuun\~\~♪ fuufufuufufuuun\~\~♪]<br/>
Suddenly——- she started humming.<br/>
As he looked at the back of her seat, the Duke was puzzled.<br/>
“Why did she suddenly start humming now?”<br/>
The look on his face shows such thoughts.<br/>
Soon after——— Vysis stopped humming.<br/>
And then……<br/>
Tsuuu……<br/>
Turning her seat forward, she slid the tip of her finger around the edge of her desk.<br/>
After that, Vysis brought her finger close to her face.<br/>
She could see a thin layer of dust clung to her fingertip.<br/>
Thereupon……<br/>
[——Fuuuu——–]<br/>
Vysis blew the dust away.<br/>
Eventually…<br/>
[Errr——-]<br/>
Vysis leisurely looks to the Duke.<br/>
[Did you just say something……? Unnn? I feel like I heard you saying that this…… Hero who defied the Goddess when she discarded a Hero who was determined to be useless on the first day…… is some “good Hero”…… Ara? I obviously misheard whatever you just said, right……? Are you alright?]<br/>
The Duke turned pale and cold sweat began dripping down his back.<br/>
Looking at Vysis’ smile, his voice trembled as he spoke.<br/>
[U- Ummm, Vysis-sama…… may have known about this already, she did a really splendid job in the recent battle at the Anti-Demon White Castle. It’s a fact that not just a few number of lives have been saved thanks to her…… and even among the soldiers, there are many who look favorably at her……]<br/>
[…………………..]<br/>
[I- I also think of her like them too! I was m- moved by her resolute fighting attitude before——-]<br/>
Bamm!<br/>
Vysis vigorously slammed down her palm on her desk.<br/>
However, the smile on her face still remains.<br/>
[I- In that battlefield, ummm—— Vysis-sama may know about this already…… S- She…… Even in a place where she could die, to save the lives as many as possible———]<br/>
BAAAAMMMM!<br/>
As if to interrupt the words that the Duke was about to say.<br/>
The sound of Vysis’ palm striking on her desk echoed loudly in the room.<br/>
Of course——– With the smile still on her face.<br/>
Moreover…<br/>
Bamm!<br/>
Bamm!<br/>
Bamm!<br/>
Bamm!<br/>
Bamm!<br/>
Bamm!<br/>
Bamm!<br/>
And finally—-<br/>
BAAAAAAAMMMMMMMM!<br/>
As if it was the final strike, a loud sound rang out.<br/>
After that, a brief moment of silence elapsed.<br/>
Thereupon——— With a smile on her face, Vysis repeated.<br/>
The Duke stood up straight.<br/>
A sense of nervousness could be seen on his face, looking as if his heart was about to jump out of his mouth.<br/>
[I- I……]<br/>
Slowly, the Duke opened his mouth.<br/>
Gulp…<br/>
After gulping down his saliva, the Duke put his hand on his left chest.<br/>
[I- I don’t know of any other Hero——– who has such a righteous and honest heart! It certainly may be the Fly King Squadron that determined the outcome of the war! However…… Without Ayaka Sogou, it’s obvious that we couldn’t have held out until that Fly King arrived……! If she could defeat the three Human-Faced that brought down the Dragonslayer, the only one who could have fought the Confidant and bought time until the arrival of the Fly King Squadron———- w- would be her!]<br/>
[……………………]<br/>
Taking a very short breath, the Duke continued.<br/>
[……Vysis-sama, I understand that you have some unfavorable impression of S- Sogou-dono. However…… If we are going to fight together, I think the best choice would be to be on friendly terms with Sogou-dono…… is what I was thinking……]<br/>
[…………………….]<br/>
Her smile still intact, Vysis froze for a moment.<br/>
Thereupon, an awkward silence dominated the room.<br/>
The only sound that could be heard was the Duke’s throat as he gulped down several times……<br/>
But eventually——– the silence was broken.<br/>
[Yes, well said♪]<br/>
[……Huh?]<br/>
[My apologies. I was actually just testing you.]<br/>
[ ? ]<br/>
[Thanks to that, I know more about you now.]<br/>
Vysis smiles at him.<br/>
[Fufu. When you’re the commander of an army, it isn’t enough to simply affirm my opinion. You need to have a strong will of your own, and you have to be strong enough not to bend on what you think is right. Otherwise, you will not be a reliable subordinate. If you think something is wrong, don’t be afraid to tell your superiors———– That is where true trust comes from. That’s why Duke Polarie has passed with flying colors♪]<br/>
The Duke lets out a sigh of relief.<br/>
[T- There was such a test huh…… You’re quite mischievous too, aren’t you, Goddess-sama……?]<br/>
[Fufufu, my heart is as youthful as my appearance after all.]<br/>
[Hahaha…… I guess so.]<br/>
(T/N: The Goddess was actually saying she isn’t “human/hito” because Duke Polarie called her “mischievous/hitogawarui”. But it’s difficult to translate as is, so I’ll just change it. Not that it’s really important.)<br/>
Vysis then imparted to him a few matters……<br/>
[Well then, I’m counting on you, Duke Polarie.]<br/>
And with those words, the Duke bowed his head.<br/>
Thus, Vysis, who remained alone in her office——– began to ponder.<br/>
She was being too naive.<br/>
There wasn’t anything wrong with what Duke Polarie said.<br/>
The Great Demon Emperor from the North.<br/>
Mira from the west.<br/>
It’s certainly true that being in the receiving end of the “pincer attack”between these two would be tough.<br/>
However, does the Mad Emperor really think that he can win with his human body?<br/>
Only mad people would think that is possible.<br/>
The current emperor of Mira———–<br/>
Falken Dotzine Mira Dias Ordzit <br/>
(T/N: ファルケンドットツィーネ・ミラディアスオルドシート / Falken Dotzine ・Miradiasuorudoshiito)<br/>
“He who is madly beautiful.”<br/>
A young emperor who is known as the “Mad Beauty Emperor” for his exceptional looks.<br/>
(T/N: I’m going to keep on calling him Mad Emperor just as I did before.)<br/>
He is also known as someone whose mind is difficult to grasp.<br/>
However, that doesn’t mean that he’s really mad.<br/>
No…… In fact, it could be said that he is quite sharp.<br/>
The same goes for his two brothers.<br/>
Vysis had also seen through that.<br/>
That means——– There was no way that Mira would declare war without having a chance of winning.<br/>
The Mad Emperor is raising an army as of this moment.<br/>
It’s a clear “impediment” to the destruction of the Root of All Evil……<br/>
The Goddess must “eliminate” it——— “eliminate as soon as possible”.<br/>
[…………………….]<br/>
“Speaking of which…”, she was reminded of something.<br/>
There was that time when the representatives of each country were gathered at the Anti-Demon White Castle……<br/>
If she isn’t mistaken, the Mad Emperor made a comment about the legend of the God Killer.<br/>
At that time, Vysis had said……<br/>
“Umm, that story is still being circulated even now? Or rather, does that story have any significance in this kind of situation? Are you alright?”<br/>
—-or so, letting him slide……<br/>
However.<br/>
Does he really think that he can take on Alion, led by the Goddess herself, and win?<br/>
Click, click, click……<br/>
Raising one of her legs up her chair, Vysis bit on her fingernail, pondering about things.<br/>
[…………………………….The Forbidden Curses?]<br/>
Thoughts began to rapidly process within Vysis’ mind.<br/>
Thereupon———- She suddenly felt concern about the Heroic Sword that she sent out.<br/>
The location of the Faraway Country, the place they were sent to, was nearby Mira.<br/>
[What if the Mad Emperor knew about the existence of the Forbidden Curses and somehow got hold of the Spellbook of Incantations? If they had also somehow obtained information about the Divine Beasts……]<br/>
Vysis pondered.<br/>
If she’s on Mira’s standpoint, what would she do?<br/>
“No……”, She reconsidered her thoughts.<br/>
Would Mira even be able to easily steal away the Divine Beast from the Heroic Sword?<br/>
“The Strongest of the Heroic Sword”, Ruin Seal.<br/>
He’s someone on par——– or perhaps, better——– than Civit.<br/>
She had flattered him before…… but in terms of true strength, he isn’t as good as Civit.<br/>
However, it’s not as if Heroic Sword is inferior to Mira’s Brilliant Squadron.<br/>
Other than Ruin, there are also other strong warriors in the Heroic Sword, including Satsuki.<br/>
In a group battle, a company of their size should be able to compete with each other.<br/>
She has heard that the Mad Emperor, the wielder of a sacred sword, is also a powerful warrior but……<br/>
She doesn’t think that he has the ability to defeat that Ruin Seal.<br/>
Now then…<br/>
If there’s anyone who can defeat Ruin Seal, who would that be?<br/>
If she were to exclude herself and the late Civit……<br/>
Takuto Kirihara?<br/>
Hijiri Takao?<br/>
Ayaka Sogou?<br/>
Thinking about people that could certainly defeat Ruin, she thought of the 6th Cavalry’s Captain but……<br/>
That person is on her side.<br/>
The “Black Wolf”, Sigurd Sigmus, is also currently on her side.<br/>
Thinking of the people on her opponent, Mira’s side———<br/>
[None.]<br/>
—–Is what she thought first, before she remembered of someone.<br/>
There was an existence that was neither friend nor foe.<br/>
[Fly King Squadron…… Fly King Belzegia.]<br/>
This uncertainty doesn’t sit well with her.<br/>
A sorcerer who has beaten even the “Humanity’s Strongest”.<br/>
Frankly speaking, she’s feeling uneasy about them.<br/>
Moreover, this sorcery of theirs is said to be effective against Demons as well.<br/>
What’s surprising is that he killed the Confidant’s First Oath.<br/>
He also appears to be using weapons that seem to be ancient magic tools……<br/>
For this matter——- She needs to do something about this.<br/>
Fortunately, he has killed the First Oath, which shows that he isn’t on the Great Demon Emperor’s side.<br/>
The best case scenario is that she brings them over to her side.<br/>
……If that happens, she might have no need for the Heroes from Another World any longer.<br/>
Vysis is still searching for the whereabouts of the Fly King with her pawns.<br/>
Just in case, she has also ordered the 6th Cavalry and that A-Rank Hero to do the same.<br/>
“If you encounter him and think you can bring him to our side, recruit him.”<br/>
However, if he won’t be on our side——–<br/>
]<br/>
He can also be considered a hindrance.<br/>
In the first place, when he had killed the Five Dragon Warriors, he had become one heck of a hindrance.<br/>
However, if he were to be added to her arsenal——— He wouldn’t be a bad chess piece.<br/>
It was unknown how they were in the same group, but that Princess Knights is apparently also with him.<br/>
In other words, she can assume that the Fly King Squadron is an ally for the Holy Kingdom of Neia.<br/>
If for example, she were to use their connection with the Holy Kingdom of Neia as a bargaining chip……<br/>
There’s a good chance that Vysis can get them on her side.<br/>
In any case, if she can get her hands on the secret of that sorcery that works on Demons……<br/>
[………………..]<br/>
Thereupon, Vysis deeply leans her back against her chair.<br/>
Putting them aside—-—– She needs to think about the Mad Emperor first.<br/>
However…… Something’s strange.<br/>
She should have assigned an apostle in Mira as well.<br/>
But what were they doing?<br/>
Why hadn’t any information come in about Mira’s rebellion?<br/>
Did that apostle betray her?<br/>
[No, there’s no way that could happen.]<br/>
The Vysis’ apostles were followers of the Goddess.<br/>
The probability of their betrayal is infinitesimally low.<br/>
The apostle she stationed on Mira was originally from that country.<br/>
He was familiar with Mira’s customs and its terrain.<br/>
Therefore, he was chosen to be in charge of Mira.<br/>
But then, Vysis realized.<br/>
The fact that he was from Mira means that his “relatives” also lives there——-<br/>
[……………………….Hostages.]<br/>
Bamm!<br/>
Vysis struck her desk with her fist.<br/>
There it is.<br/>
The sole reason for their betrayal.<br/>
Her apostles may be the Goddess’ followers, but they were weak when it came to family and relatives.<br/>
Yes——– The Mad Emperor had probably taken her apostle’s relatives as hostages.<br/>
That’s why the apostle doesn’t have any other choice but to send false reports.<br/>
They have to do that in exchange for the safety of his relatives that were taken hostage.<br/>
[……Kuh! Holding his relatives hostage and manipulating him as they saw fit, that’s completely unethical of them——–]<br/>
Laying down her upper body on the desk for a while, Vysis called out.<br/>
[How vile of them……!]<br/>
The foolish Mad Emperor who was making use of vile means to rebel against her.<br/>
The crazy Ayaka Sogou whose heart is more unbreakable than she imagined.<br/>
Duke Polarie, who had also started turning crazy and began to argue with the Goddess.<br/>
[……………………]<br/>
She raised her head from the surface of the desk.<br/>
Her chin is still rested on the desk though.<br/>
She’s currently as expressionless as a Noh mask.<br/>
Her face is blank and isn’t showing any emotion at all.<br/>
One could even say that the expression on her face could be described as “emptiness itself”.<br/>
In her golden eyes appeared circles that looked so beautiful that they look eerie.<br/>
And then——–<br/>
[However.]<br/>
The rest of the words were not voiced out, and Vysis only said them with the movement of her mouth.<br/>
“                                              F*cking brats, don’t get carried away.                                             “<br/>
