[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c219](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%E3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%E3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/219/)
<br/><br/>
The areas filled with trees that we had been seeing for a long time started to get fewer.<br/>
The sun had risen to its highest point and the sun shines at its brightest.<br/>
There were no monsters in sight.<br/>
Perhaps——– This place isn’t within the Demon Zone anymore.<br/>
However, even if we were to disregard that, I still couldn’t feel the presence of life nearby.<br/>
From what I could see, the rocky terrain was beginning to increase.<br/>
I could also smell the unique scent of rocks……<br/>
Should I call this area——– as some sort of mountainous area?<br/>
Anyway, the greenery was clearly starting to diminish.<br/>
On the way, we found the ruins of a village.<br/>
We took a quick look around.<br/>
From the traces I’ve seen, there might have been a lot of mining going on around here in the past.<br/>
However, the village had been abandoned.<br/>
It looked like this place had been abandoned for a long time.<br/>
The soil around also doesn’t look like it’s fertile enough to grow crops.<br/>
After it also became worthless as a mining land——— This place became barren.<br/>
It doesn’t seem to be a strategically important area either.<br/>
A place that no one would be interested in.<br/>
On the flip side——–<br/>
This is a great place to hide in plain sight.<br/>
Taking my eyes off the map……<br/>
[This is it.]<br/>
Exclaiming so, I moved my gaze upward.<br/>
A sheer rock wall.<br/>
It’s a wall that stretches from east to west.<br/>
Stretching out, with its end nowhere in sight.<br/>
There is nothing particularly conspicuous in this area.<br/>
How should I say this——– It’s a really “natural landscape” around this rocky area.<br/>
It looked too natural, that it looked fake instead.<br/>
I reached out my hand to the wall’s surface.<br/>
But just as my hand touched the rock wall———- My hand passed through.<br/>
[Funyaa!?]<br/>
Nyaki became surprised.<br/>
[This is the illusion Erika was talking about huh.]<br/>
It looked too “natural” that it became unnatural instead.<br/>
Erika talked about the characteristics of this illusion.<br/>
It’s difficult to “play around” with the naturalness of the real thing.<br/>
That is what Erika said is this illusion’s weakness.<br/>
[……How about we go?]<br/>
We stepped into the wall.<br/>
After passing through the illusory wall, we came to what seemed to be a valley.<br/>
The path continues onward.<br/>
On both sides of the road were precipitous cliffs.<br/>
But so far, there was no sign of any living things nearby.<br/>
I could barely make out the birds occasionally passing through the sky.<br/>
Yes——– From where we were walking, we can see the sky.<br/>
I wonder, if someone is able to fly over this area, would they be able to see us from above?<br/>
For the birds in the sky……<br/>
I think they’re seeing other landscapes because of the illusion.<br/>
We continued on our way.<br/>
[………………….]<br/>
As we walked, I thought about the information I was curious about.<br/>
For example, the assassins from the Mira Empire who attacked the Heroic Sword.<br/>
This information was divulged by Ruin and the others.<br/>
Apparently——- Mira’s assassins were trying to get their hands on Nyaki, the Divine Beast.<br/>
I wonder how I should interpret this? <br/>
As expected, I guess it would be reasonable to think that they’re trying to crush the Faraway Country themselves?<br/>
In the last great invasion of the Great Demon Emperor’s army……<br/>
I heard that Mira had their main forces almost completely intact.<br/>
The Mad Emperor himself is a man with unknown strength.<br/>
If we run into them and the people from Alion at the same time——–<br/>
They might become a bit of a nuisance.<br/>
Whether it’s the country itself…<br/>
Or the country’s top.<br/>
Other than that……<br/>
There’s also Nyaki’s “Neenya”, Nyantan Kikeepat.<br/>
I remembered that Eve had mentioned her name before.<br/>
She was one of stronger members of Alion’s war potential.<br/>
She would also be the only member of Nyaki’s family that we might have to face at some point.<br/>
I’m glad I got her name before we faced her.<br/>
This makes her the only person I can’t kill no matter what.<br/>
And then——- There’s the 6th Cavalry.<br/>
There’s no way I’m going to forget about them.<br/>
Alion’s 13 Cavalries.<br/>
“One day, that village…… It was annihilated by Humans claiming to be Alion’s cavalry……”<br/>
The people who attacked the village where Liz used to live.<br/>
However, unlike when Eve talked about how her village was destroyed by Heroic Sword……<br/>
“It’s hard to say which one attacked her village.”<br/>
If their troops had to be divided into thirteen groups, that must be they were quite a large group.<br/>
Not all the troops had participated in the attack on the village.<br/>
There’s also no guarantee that the people who participated in that attack back then are still around today……<br/>
However, this is also something that I would like to settle when the opportunity arises.<br/>
It would also be for Liz’s sake.<br/>
But most of all——– This is something that I like to do myself.<br/>
As I was thinking about this……<br/>
[There’s something shiny over there nya.]<br/>
Pointing ahead, Nyaki said.<br/>
In the direction she was pointing at, I saw a huge silver door.<br/>
Though I say that, it looks like its color has slightly faded in time, so it might be better to say that it’s like iron.<br/>
The door is decorated with striking carvings that look like it could be seen from a magic technique.<br/>
At the lower-middle part of the door——-<br/>
A crystal ball is inlaid in it.<br/>
Just as I had been informed.<br/>
From my pocket, I took out the crystal that Erika had given me——- the “key” that would have allowed me entrance to the Faraway Country.<br/>
It seems that if you throw this into the crystal ball, it will emit light and open the door.<br/>
However……<br/>
[Nyaki is with us…… So we don’t need to use this thing and it would open up when we get close huh.]<br/>
Taking out the Fly King mask from my luggage, I put it on.<br/>
I think it would be better if they don’t judge me as a “human” at first glance.<br/>
The people we’re meeting are originally people who had escaped from the Humans’ world.<br/>
I was the only human among us.<br/>
As soon as they see that I’m a human, there’s a possibility that they’ll attack me.<br/>
We don’t know how hostile the current inhabitants are towards humans.<br/>
But, at least, if I wear a mask……<br/>
“It’s a human, kill him!”<br/>
I might be able to avoid the situation where they say that at first sight.<br/>
Wearing a mask, I can leave them think that there’s a chance that I’m a Demi-Human.<br/>
[……It would have been the best if we had Erika’s familiar with us.]<br/>
“Communicate with the King of the Faraway Country with the familiar.”<br/>
This was the best plan we had.<br/>
We now have the kokkuri-san style alphabet paper.<br/>
So, it’s possible to communicate with her for a long time.<br/>
However, it seems like that this would be impossible.<br/>
Erika’s familiar was originally supposed to join our group.<br/>
There was supposed to be a familiar waiting for us near the Faraway Country.<br/>
However——— I couldn’t feel the presence of her familiar appearing at all.<br/>
I remembered what Erika had told me before.<br/>
“My familiars are no different from a normal animal in appearance and physical capabilities. Also, it’s not like Erika is always controlling them…… And sometimes, they would get attacked by animals and die. Even though I have several familiars I control, it’s not like they were a lot…… If I wasn’t able to get in contact with you and the others for a long time, please keep in mind that the nearest familiar may be dead or seriously injured.”<br/>
……I can’t help but feel that this is the case.<br/>
In fact, we have discovered something that looked like an owl carcass near the illusory wall (It’s actually found by Slei).<br/>
With a volume as silent as a murmur, I muttered to myself.<br/>
[That might be a familiar.]<br/>
Now that the sh*tty goddess had found out the location of this place, crisis might be coming for the Faraway Country.<br/>
Therefore, it’s better to inform the King of the Faraway Country about it as soon as possible.<br/>
In that case…… It would be troublesome to wait for a familiar who may or may not appear.<br/>
I looked up at the door.<br/>
[———Well, we should be able to somehow make things work out.]<br/>
As for what would happen later——- I’ll just have to make do with what cards I have.<br/>
Most of all……<br/>
[Touka-dono.]<br/>
When Seras called out to me, I nodded my head.<br/>
[Yeah.]<br/>
We’ve finally arrived.<br/>
The race who holds the secret of the Forbidden Curses, written in the Spellbook of Incantations.<br/>
This is the legendary country where the Forbidden Race is said to live.<br/>
The Faraway Country, the place the Demi-Humans and monsters without golden eyes seeks for.<br/>
As we approached, the light became even stronger.<br/>
And then, as we reached a certain distance, the door slowly began to open.<br/>
[I guess this is where the real battle would start…… Anyway——-]<br/>
The most important part to achieve my revenge on that sh*tty goddess.<br/>
The Forbidden Curses.<br/>
[I’ve finally reached the point where it’s within my reach.]<br/>
And thus———- we stepped into the door.<br/>
<Author’s Notes><br/>
And with that…… We finally managed to start Volume 7 in time for the end of the year (although the chapter is short……).<br/>
Next year (2021), it looks like Touka and the others will finally enter the Faraway Country, which was one of the major destinations of Touka’s adventure.<br/>
Also…… For everyone’s support this year, thank you very much.<br/>
Even though I felt overwhelmed by lots of things, thanks to everyone’s support, I managed to keep writing this year.<br/>
I feel like this is already a set phrase for most of the writers out there…… but I hope to increase the amount of chapters I write next year (2021)……<br/>
I can’t say anything too witty, but I hope to see you all again next year.<br/>
I wish you all a happy new year.<br/>
T/N:<br/>
I wish you all spooks like mine in your GSSR. D*mn this game. I didn’t get my sparrow loli. I should have just saved my quartz and waited for Kama. Also, cursed new year to everyone, please take all my gacha bad luck.<br/>
