[I Became the Strongest With The Failure Frame【Abnormal State Skill】As I Devastated Everything c226](https://foxaholic.com/novel/i-became-the-strongest-with-the-failure-frame%e3%80%90abnormal-state-skill%e3%80%91as-i-devastated-everything/226/)
<br/><br/>
Lying in bed, Seras’ first words when she woke up was……<br/>
 <br/>
[……My apologies.]<br/>
 <br/>
——words of apologies.<br/>
She was covering her eyes with her arm.<br/>
Looking at her like this, one would think that she had collapsed due to fever.<br/>
 <br/>
[Are you alright already?]<br/>
[Yes, I’m alright now.]<br/>
 <br/>
It sounds like she was astounded by her actions.<br/>
Pulling up a chair, I sat on the side of her bed.<br/>
We are currently in a room in the castle.<br/>
This place only had one bed.<br/>
It’s a simple room with not much else worth mentioning.<br/>
Within such a room, Seras and I were the only one present.<br/>
Pigimaru, Slei and Nyaki should be in another room.<br/>
Incidentally, my mask has been taken off right now.<br/>
 <br/>
[From what I heard, you were touring the fields within the castle grounds?]<br/>
[We were told that King Zect had given us permission to freely walk around the castle grounds…… I thought it wouldn’t be a bad idea to get a sense of the surroundings, so I decided to look around.]<br/>
 <br/>
So, she brought Pigimaru and the others for a walk around the grounds.<br/>
And then, while touring the fields on the castle grounds, what happened was———-<br/>
 <br/>
△<br/>
 <br/>
“So they can grow crops like this underground huh. I see, so they’re using the technology that Erika-dono passed on to them. As expected of Erika-dono.”<br/>
“Pigii~~♪”<br/>
“Pakyuu~~♪”<br/>
“Hanyaa…… Nyaki is still surprised that there’s a scene like this where there are no Humans-san nya……”<br/>
 <br/>
“By the way, honestly speaking, this is the first time I’ve seen this crop beffyyaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!!! A gigantic earthworm!”<br/>
“Pigyiii!?”<br/>
“Pakyyuu!?”<br/>
“Seras-san!? Why did you suddenly scream nya!? Hmmm…… Is something the matter with this big earthworm-san nya……? Please don’t worry nya! This is just an earthworm-san nya!”<br/>
 <br/>
“…………………, ——————“<br/>
“Pigiiiiiiiiii!”<br/>
“Pakyuuuuuuu!”<br/>
“Hanyaaa!? Seras-san, your face look pale nyaaaaaa! Could it be because of the earthworm-san nya!? In nyat case…… Nyaki will bury it back to the ground nya! Hanyaa, hanyaa, hanyaa…… This should do nya! Seras-san, Nyaki has firmly returned it back under the ground nya———- Hannyaaaa!? Seras-san! You shouldn’t suddenly sleep here nya! Wait, you fainted nyaa!? Y- You two! P- Please help me support Seras-san nya! Unnyanyaaa!”<br/>
 <br/>
 ▽<br/>
 <br/>
[———-is what happened.]<br/>
 <br/>
I don’t know if the embarrassment was starting to set in in her mind or not.<br/>
But as her eyes were covered by her arm, I could see Seras blush to her ears.<br/>
I could somehow vividly imagine what happened.<br/>
But well, this is…….<br/>
 <br/>
[——————]<br/>
[……Hmm? What’s the matter, Seras?]<br/>
 <br/>
Seras had raised the arm that was covering her eyes.<br/>
Her blue eyes looked relatively calmer, looking at me with curiosity.<br/>
 <br/>
[Ah, no…… Ummm, you are———]<br/>
[ ? ]<br/>
 <br/>
Seras shyly continued.<br/>
 <br/>
[—–smiling like that…… It’s quite unusual, isn’t it?]<br/>
[Is that so? Unlike that unsmiling witch, I think I usually smile a lot though.]<br/>
[But the smile just now…… I think it was really rare for you to naturally smile like that.]<br/>
"<br/>
"<br/>
[Well, now that you mentioned it……]<br/>
 <br/>
I guess that really might be the case.<br/>
No, I guess it’s more appropriate to say that I can’t smile like that……<br/>
But thinking about the confused prattling Nyaki and the others would have been doing in that situation.<br/>
It seems that I couldn’t help smiling.<br/>
A smile naturally leaked out of my lips.<br/>
 <br/>
[……I guess that might be the case.]<br/>
 <br/>
Scratching my brows with my fingertips, I smiled.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’m feeling bad for you since you’ve become scared like that, Seras…… but it’s been a while since I’ve been able to smile like this, and it’s all thanks to you.]<br/>
 <br/>
Hearing what I said with a smile, Seras chuckled.<br/>
She then serenely lowered her eyes.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’m glad if I could help you feel lighter.]<br/>
[If you look at it another way, it’s actually thanks to the earthworms though.]<br/>
 <br/>
A complicated expression appeared on Seras’ face.<br/>
Clutching the edge of her thin blanket over her body……<br/>
 <br/>
[Uuuu…… Should I also be thankful to those things? I feel a bit complicated thanking earthworms. Emotionally speaking, I mean.]<br/>
 <br/>
It feels like she’s slightly sulking.<br/>
Her eyebrows scrunching up, Seras look like she’s feeling troubled.<br/>
 <br/>
[Of course, I know that the earthworms weren’t at fault here…… but when it comes to earthworms…… Ummm, the earthworms are…… the earthworms are in short, earthworms after all so…… earthworms.]<br/>
 <br/>
It seems like Seras is trying to find something good to say about earthworms.<br/>
However, she couldn’t find anything to say.<br/>
I mean……<br/>
She was shivering and turning pale again as she spoke.<br/>
Feeling like she’s just self-destructing, Seras closed her eyes.<br/>
"<br/>
"<br/>
 <br/>
[Can’t do it…… Even though I’m the Deputy Leader of the Fly King Squadron, I’m in a pathetic state like this because of just earthworms. I will do my best to overcome my fear of them.]<br/>
[It’s not like you really have to do that though.]<br/>
[About my fear of earthworms?]<br/>
[Seras Ashrain is a High Elf who is hard to find fault with. I think it isn’t wrong for anyone to have at least one weakness like that. Besides……]<br/>
 <br/>
Well……<br/>
 <br/>
[You could say that such weakness makes you cute.]<br/>
[Eh——– Is that how it is?]<br/>
[However, I think you should hide a weakness like that from that sh*tty Goddess’ camp. It would be troubling if you suddenly felt disturbed just because they decided to throw an earthworm at you at a critical moment.]<br/>
 <br/>
When I jokingly said that, Seras’ brows scrunched up again.<br/>
Groaning, she utters in a voice filled with determination.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’ll absolutely overcome it.]<br/>
[You’re still doing that huh.]<br/>
[Yes.]<br/>
 <br/>
It seems like she’s really going to try overcoming it.<br/>
Now then……<br/>
Now that I’ve confirmed that Seras is safe……<br/>
 <br/>
[By the way, about what we’re going to do from now on.]<br/>
 <br/>
I told her that I had gotten the help of the Forbidden Race.<br/>
And about how we’re going to fight the incoming army sent by that goddess.<br/>
After I finished speaking, I stood up from my seat.<br/>
Thereupon, Seras raised herself up with the support of one hand.<br/>
She then looks up at me with an appreciative expression on her face.<br/>
 <br/>
[We’ve finally come this far huh.]<br/>
 <br/>
[Right now, we’ve only got the power to nullify her <Dispel Bubble> but…… Yeah. We’ve finally prepared the foundation we needed.]<br/>
(T/N: Goddess’ Spell Breaker / Dispel Bubble)<br/>
 <br/>
Putting on my Fly King mask, I spoke.<br/>
 <br/>
[But before that, we’ll destroy the pawns Vysis sent here.]<br/>
[I guess the one we should be wary about was the Sixth Cavalry, which is known as the strongest of Alion’s Thirteen Cavalries huh.]<br/>
[For now, yes.]<br/>
[I’ve heard of the strength of their group before. But as I told you before, I have never met them in person……]<br/>
 <br/>
Sixth Cavalry.<br/>
Ruin Seal had also talked about them.<br/>
Strangely, he sounded inarticulate while talking about them.<br/>
From the way he said it though, it seemed like he hated the Sixth Cavalry.<br/>
 <br/>
[The Thirteen Cavalries isn’t well-liked by even the people of Alion huh.]<br/>
[Yes. Though I’m going to repeat what I said before———-]<br/>
 <br/>
Starting with those words, Seras continued…<br/>
 <br/>
[It seems that the current leader of the Thirteen Cavalries is a member of a Duchy. He is the captain of the First Cavalry and has been in charge of the Thirteen Cavalries for a long time. The First Cavalry was said to be only comprised of the second and third sons of nobles. And then, most of the Thirteen Cavalries were said to have been made up of people that don’t have a very commendable past…… There were such rumors going around.]<br/>
 <br/>
My guess is that they’re made up of mercenaries who are strong but have personality problems, or perhaps, they could even be thugs or criminals.<br/>
That’s what the rumors said.<br/>
The rumors match with the information I got from the Heroic Sword.<br/>
 <br/>
[Also, they apparently don’t listen to the orders of Alion’s King, and only listen to the orders of the Goddess. On the other hand though, they are surprisingly loyal to the orders of the Goddess.]<br/>
[In other words, they’re just like the Heroic Sword. Almost all of them were probably Vysis’ followers.]<br/>
 <br/>
She’s the Goddess who brainwashed even that Human-Faced after all.<br/>
……Unsurprisingly, the Sixth Cavalry is also made up of people brainwashed by Vysis.<br/>
 <br/>
[So…… The strongest of them all is the rumored Sixth Cavalry huh. You really didn’t hear anything other than their Captain’s name?]<br/>
 <br/>
For Seras, it was a story regarding someone from another country.<br/>
I guess it’s no wonder she doesn’t know much about them.<br/>
 <br/>
[When I asked what kind of person he was, those who actually met him said that he was a man without any particular characteristics. He was generally a person who doesn’t leave much of an impression, or so they said.]<br/>
[So his presence is thin huh…… And that’s the case even when he’s the Captain of a famous cavalry.]<br/>
 <br/>
It was as if——— how should I say this……<br/>
It’s as if he’s trying to act unassuming at all.<br/>
For example, yes……<br/>
Just like——— a certain someone from somewhere back then.<br/>
It was as if he’s acting like he was a random mob.<br/>
 <br/>
[I also don’t know if anyone knows his last name. His name…… If I remember correctly, I think it was Jandow or something like that.]<br/>
[Yes.]<br/>
(T/N: John Doe, someone whose name is unknown)<br/>
 <br/>
Seras had told me that name before.<br/>
 <br/>
[Either way, we can’t be too careful around him……]<br/>
 <br/>
He may actually be weaker than I had anticipated.<br/>
He may be overrated just because he happened to be the leader of the Sixth Cavalry.<br/>
That’s fine though.<br/>
It’s dangerous to underestimate your opponent from the start.<br/>
Those who assume that their opponent are completely weak———-<br/>
I myself should exactly know.<br/>
I turned my back to Seras.<br/>
 <br/>
[I’m going to see King Zect now.]<br/>
[Shall I come with you?]<br/>
[No, we’re supposed to talk in private.]<br/>
[Understood. I think I’ll also visit Munin-dono soon.]<br/>
[I thought she’d be an uptight person, but she’s surprisingly easy to talk to. I’m sure she’ll get along with you and the others, Seras———— Well then, see you later.]<br/>
[Yes.]<br/>
 <br/>
As I put my hand on the doorknob, I remembered a question I had to ask of her.<br/>
 <br/>
[The room we’re staying in…… Do you mind sharing it with me? It’s more convenient for both of us to be together.]<br/>
 <br/>
“Fufu”, Seras mischievously smiled.<br/>
 <br/>
[That’s only if you don’t mind sharing a bed with me.]<br/>
[Alright.]<br/>
[Ehh!? Ah, yes——– I- I’ll be in your care.]<br/>
[……What, you want to share a bed with me that bad?]<br/>
[Ah, no…… That is, ummm———]<br/>
 <br/>
Fwooshh……<br/>
As if she’s feeling embarrassed, Seras pulled up her blanket.<br/>
The lower half of her face is hidden behind the blanket.<br/>
She then averted her gaze to the side, admitting with a look of resignation on her face.<br/>
 <br/>
[————, …….Yes, I really want to.]<br/>
[If you have refused though, even though it might be in a joking manner, that would have been quite a shock for me.]<br/>
[Even I would get serious about things like this.]<br/>
[Then, that’s good.]<br/>
 <br/>
After saying this, I left the room and closed the door.<br/>
I’ve already informed King Zect that I needed to talk to him through Armia.<br/>
Parting ways with Seras’ room, I went to the room where King Zect awaits.<br/>
 <br/>
▽<br/>
 <br/>
[Alright. I’m aware of the matter with Munin.]<br/>
 <br/>
I will be leaving this country with Munin.<br/>
I told King Zect about this.<br/>
 <br/>
[Once again, I thank you. It was thanks to King Zect that the negotiations with the Kurosagas have gone so smoothly.]<br/>
[You should thank Erika for that instead.]<br/>
[Of course, I’m going to thank Erika. However, I’m also grateful to you. Ahh, also———– In exchange for Munin’s cooperation with me…… Munin has asked me to do something for her. if we’re going to leave here, it’s going to be after settling that.]<br/>
 <br/>
The Fly King Squadron will also lend a helping hand in the fight against the incoming Goddess’ army.<br/>
I told him about that.<br/>
 <br/>
However———— King Zect’s reaction doesn’t look good when he hears that.<br/>
 <br/>
[Umu……]<br/>
 <br/>
King Zect clasped his forehead in distress.<br/>
 <br/>
[Are you worried about something?]<br/>
 <br/>
[After you and Armia left for the Kurosagas’ village, we gathered the members of the Seven Light, and had a meeting. Actually, regarding our current plans…… It was decided that we would be negotiating with the force the Goddess had sent through a proper discussion.]<br/>
 <br/>
Negotiate?<br/>
 <br/>
[……You seriously thought they could be negotiated with?]<br/>
 <br/>
[Initially, I thought we had no choice but to intercept them. However, during our discussion……]<br/>
 <br/>
King Zect cut off his words there.<br/>
 <br/>
[There’s someone among the Seven Lights that suggested negotiating with them through a discussion?]<br/>
[……It is as you guessed. The Prime Minister, Lieselotte, strongly advocated that the situation be settled through peaceful negotiations. She is also the most influential person in the Seven Lights.]<br/>
 <br/>
Hmm?<br/>
 <br/>
Within the Seven Lights?<br/>
 <br/>
Isn’t Immortal King Zect included in the Seven Lights?<br/>
 <br/>
[The Prime Minister has more influence than the King?]<br/>
 <br/>
“That’s right”, King Zect shamefully nodded.<br/>
Lowering his head, the King began rambling about.<br/>
 <br/>
[This country hasn’t been associated with war for a long time. In such a country, if we think about who would be the one most admired in this country…… It would be the people who develop the technology helping the people who have their hands on internal politics. And it’s the Arachnes who has been at the center of such people for generations. The Ornick tribe, which has produced successive Prime Ministers, has a special position within them.]<br/>
 <br/>
The technology that Erika entrusted to this country.<br/>
The ones who have been responsible for its operation and eventual development are said to be one of the Ornicks.<br/>
 <br/>
[I may have lived a long life, but I’m not a good fighter. My personal strength is also not that great. I’ve been stuck in this country, so I can’t get any knowledge from the outside world…… Yes, I’m just someone who is living longer than others. The one who is practically running this country isn’t me……]<br/>
 <br/>
Immortal King.<br/>
The Undying King.<br/>
 <br/>
But that doesn’t make him invincible.<br/>
 <br/>
It’s the same with humans.<br/>
Just because one has lived longer———-<br/>
That doesn’t necessarily mean they’re better than those younger than them.<br/>
If this “immortal” was just talking about his longevity, he would have been more active and energetic.<br/>
But if his various abilities gradually deteriorate over the years he lived……<br/>
 <br/>
[Even though you’re the Immortal King, that doesn’t mean you’ll always be in your prime. Then, naturally…… you will need a vigorously active subordinate huh.]<br/>
[Exactly. Thus, I have to keep assigning the best people to the right roles. It’s just like in the outside world. A king alone can never make a country go round.]<br/>
 <br/>
Indeed.<br/>
However, for them to have more say than the King……<br/>
 <br/>
[Did the other members of the Seven Lights agree with the Prime Minister’s plan?]<br/>
[Tomorrow, the Seven Lights will gather again and a decision will be made then. It’s a decision that will affect the future of this country after all…… I thought everyone should take a night to think about it.]<br/>
 <br/>
Bringing my hand to my chin, I lowered my head and silently contemplated.<br/>
Not long after, I looked back to King Zect again.<br/>
 <br/>
[What do you, personally, want?]<br/>
[As for me, I want to leave the future of this country to the other members of the Seven Lights if it’s possible. It’s just……]<br/>
 <br/>
After a pause, King Zect continued.<br/>
 <br/>
[I think that the time to connect this country once more with the outside world would be soon. In other words, in the not-too-distant future, we would need to open our country to the outside world…… is what I was thinking.]<br/>
[………………..]<br/>
[I’ll tell you this, this country is facing a crisis.]<br/>
 <br/>
Keeping my silence, I waited for his next words.<br/>
After King Zect sighs, he spoke.<br/>
 <br/>
[When I say crisis, I’m not talking about the incoming war. I’m talking about our food crisis.]<br/>
 <br/>
In other words……<br/>
 <br/>
[Soon, you would run out of food to feed your citizens huh?]<br/>
 <br/>
Letting out a tired sigh, King Zect nodded.<br/>
 <br/>
[With the help of the technology and ancient magic tools given to us by Erika-dono, we have somehow managed to come this far. However…… The number of people living in the country is increasing, and some of the ancient magic tools that have supported our food production are beginning to reach the end of their usability. There are only a few people in this country who know about this for the moment but……]<br/>
 <br/>
[You need to connect with the outside world, and create a situation where you can somehow get food from the outside world huh.]<br/>
 <br/>
[That’s right. That’s why, we……]<br/>
 <br/>
[—–want to solve this problem as peacefully as possible so that the outside world will not see your citizens as “enemies to be eliminated”.]<br/>
 <br/>
[Umu…… That’s why I was also drawn by the plan presented by Liese. Once this country finally opened up to the outside world, the idea of having to fight against the humans…… would bring a bad impression for our side.]<br/>
 <br/>
What he said makes sense.<br/>
I understand how they feel.<br/>
However, even King Zect who’s saying such things———-<br/>
 <br/>
[But, you have doubts regarding this plan?]<br/>
[Umu…… What I’m concerned about was the existence of the Goddess. The Goddess’ subordinates still have principles that they’re attached to…… So, whether they’re willing to peacefully negotiate with us is something I’m not so sure about……]<br/>
[I think it’s highly unlikely that they will.]<br/>
[Do you think so, Belzegia-dono?]<br/>
[Especially since the people they’ve sent here…… Alion’s Thirteen Cavalry aren’t the kind of people who would respond with a proposal of “Let’s get along” with an honest “Yes, let’s do that.”.]<br/>
[……I see.]<br/>
 <br/>
Anguishing, King Zect let out a sigh again.<br/>
 <br/>
[However…… As I said before, we don’t know. I couldn’t help but think what would have happened if we had taken a chance in grasping that thread of hope…… of the possibility that perhaps, we could have a sincere discussion with each other.]<br/>
 <br/>
[……Well, what I said before is just what I personally feel. I’m not the one with the authority to decide what happens to your country. But if you want me to fight with you, I’ll lend you my support. Besides…… Within those people coming to destroy this country, there are some people I want to crush after all.]<br/>
 <br/>
As if his eyes were snapped open by what I said, King Zect looked at me.<br/>
 <br/>
[……Is there a reason why?]<br/>
 <br/>
[It’s revenge——— for my precious friend.]<br/>
 <br/>
Towards them who have destroyed Liz’s village.<br/>
Moreover, they’re probably after the Forbidden Race now.<br/>
For me, they’re people I want to crush given the opportunity.<br/>
But as expected, the number of opponents this time was just too many.<br/>
Those numbers wouldn’t be easy to fight with just the Fly King Squadron alone.<br/>
And if we left this place, only bringing Munin with us———–<br/>
The remaining Kurosagas would almost definitely be killed.<br/>
Munin wants to save the Kurosagas.<br/>
That’s why she lent me her strength.<br/>
In that case……<br/>
 <br/>
I couldn’t just leave the Faraway Country with Munin.<br/>
 <br/>
There’s Nyaki here too.<br/>
If this is where she’s going to be staying for the time being, then……<br/>
 <br/>
I’ll have to protect this place.<br/>
 <br/>
What should I do then?<br/>
Should I take Nyaki and the entire Kurosaga tribe out?<br/>
Bringing all those people with me?<br/>
No, that isn’t practical at all.<br/>
 <br/>
[………………….]<br/>
 <br/>
If they decided to try negotiating peacefully with them tomorrow……<br/>
That would put me in a difficult situation.<br/>
For me, personally———— Peaceful negotiations with them isn’t possible.<br/>
 <br/>
[—————–]<br/>
 <br/>
I started contemplating.<br/>
 <br/>
[Belzegia-dono……?]<br/>
[King Zect.]<br/>
[U- Umu.]<br/>
 <br/>
I don’t know who or what kind of person their Prime Minister is.<br/>
But for now——-<br/>
 <br/>
[Can I ask you to please call the Seven Lights together again?]<br/>
 <br/>
I think I should meet and talk in person.<br/>
 <br/>
If I need to make my move———- I think this is the first thing I should do.<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
<Author’s Notes><br/>
 <br/>
Seras doesn’t seem to be a big fan of them…… What do you think of earthworms?<br/>
 <br/>
I’ve received one new review since the last update. Thank you very much.<br/>
 <br/>
Also, the manga have been reprinted again. Thank you to everyone who purchased them.<br/>
 <br/>
……While I’m grateful for all the support, I’m sorry that my updates have been at a much slower pace due to my other novels (When things settle down a bit more, I think I’ll be able to pick up the pace a bit…… I think).<br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
