<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Cooking with Wild Game - Volume Ten</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="epilogue">
    <h2>Mid-meal Snack</h2>

    <p>“By the way, I paid Darum-nii a visit just now.”</p>

    <p>Midway through dinner, Ludo Wu blurted that out nonchalantly, leading nearly everyone in the hall to gasp in shock.</p>

    <p>The ones surprised were his sisters. His father and brother already heard the report, while his mother and grandmother weren’t that alarmed.</p>

    <p>“What? Isn’t Darum-nii in the northern village, far away from here?”</p>

    <p>“That’s right! It’s unfair for Ludo to go alone!”</p>

    <p>The noisiest were Rimee Wu and Lala Wu. Vena Wu and Leina Wu were already waiting for Ludo Wu to continue, with eyes widely open.</p>

    <p>“Fairness has nothing to do with this; I was tasked by Dad to relay a message to the northern village. Anyway, Darum-nii is the same as ever.”</p>

    <p>“What do you mean by ‘the same’!? Is Darum-nii alright?”</p>

    <p>“Didn’t someone infiltrate the northern village? Was Darum-nii in danger?”</p>

    <p>“You all are so noisy. Darum-nii won’t be defeated by someone from town.”</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu put some kiba chest meat, dyed in red tarapa sauce, into his mouth as he continued:</p>

    <p>“Darum-nii was watching the prisoners inside the house during that time, so he didn’t see anything. Although someone did attempt to go near that building.”</p>

    <p>“Someone from town infiltrating the Forest’s Edge settlement is no laughing matter. Things are getting dangerous.”</p>

    <p>To soothe her rowdy daughters, their mother Mia Lei Wu spoke in a calm voice. Their grandmother Ditto Min Wu and great-grandmother Jiba Wu watched quietly.</p>

    <p>At this moment, Sati Lei Wu returned and asked with a smile: “Ara, what’s the matter?”</p>

    <p>Sati Lei Wu was the wife of their eldest brother Jiza Wu. Their child Kota Wu was crying for milk, so she went to another room to nurse him. After being put into a cradle and cajoled to sleep, Kota Wu burped with satisfaction.</p>

    <p>“Ludo went to visit Darum-nii! It’s unfair for him to go alone!”</p>

    <p>When she heard Lala Wu, who was the closest to her, saying that, Sati Lei Wu smiled with an “Ara”.</p>

    <p>“Totos are really convenient. Is Darum okay?”</p>

    <p>“He’s the same, straight-faced as usual. Ah… but there’s one thing different about him.”</p>

    <p>“What! Just now, didn’t you say he is the same!?”</p>

    <p>“What’s different about Darum-nii?”</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu backed away as his sisters pressured him. It wasn’t a change that could be explained so simply.</p>

    <p>Darum-nii seemed troubled over something. This wasn’t a positive change, and he seemed to be looking very hard for an answer.</p>

    <p><i>A lot happened to Darum-nii recently too.</i></p>

    <p>Ludo Wu felt it was a hassle to explain to his sisters, so he turned towards Sati Lei Wu.</p>

    <p>“Anyway, Darum-nii is doing well. But he complained that the food doesn’t taste good.”</p>

    <p>“Huh, Darum actually said that?”</p>

    <p>Ditto Min Wu retorted, and Ludo Wu nodded sagely.</p>

    <p>“That’s because the people in the northern village eat kiba that hasn’t been bloodlet, so, of course, the food tastes nasty. They don’t have a good cook like Leina-nee either.”</p>

    <p>“No cook can make delicious meals out of meat that hasn’t been bloodlet. Isn’t that obvious, Ludo?”</p>

    <p>Leina Wu said with a smile to hide her bashfulness. She looked shy and happy at the same time; Leina Wu has always been passionate about cooking.</p>

    <p><i>Darum-nii isn’t the only one who changed.</i></p>

    <p>Ludo Wu thought as he looked at his other brother who was quiet.</p>

    <p>“Erm, Jiza-nii, do you still think Asuta is a nuisance?”</p>

    <p>Jiza Wu took a sip from his bowl of soup as he looked at Ludo Wu.</p>

    <p>The eldest son’s eyes were narrowed to a slit, so it was hard to tell what he was thinking. Ludo Wu continued, worried that he had made Jiza Wu mad:</p>

    <p>“That was a long time ago. Didn’t you say that Asuta should live in town? Do you still feel the same way now?”</p>

    <p>“Huh? Jiza-nii said that?”</p>

    <p>Lala Wu turned and looked at Jiza Wu in surprise. Rimee Wu who was beside her opened the eyes wide.</p>

    <p>However, Jiza Wu just kept eating in silence.</p>

    <p>“It was in the morning of Kaslan Lutim’s wedding, correct? It has been so long; Jiza-nii, do you still feel the same way?”</p>

    <p>“…”</p>

    <p>“Back then, Asuta was just running around Forest’s Edge. And now, he started a business in the Post Station Town, brought down the Tsun clan during the House Head Conference, and helped in many ways, right? More than half of the houses concur with the Fa house; what do you think, Jiza-nii?”</p>

    <p>“…All those who concur with the Fa house are the heads of the minor houses. The Zaza house is still opposed, while the Sauti clan is neutral.”</p>

    <p>Jiza Wu finally spoke.</p>

    <p>But that didn’t convince Ludo Wu.</p>

    <p>“What the other houses think doesn’t matter. It’s your opinion I want to know, Jiza-nii. Do you still find Asuta and Ai Fa to be an eyesore?”</p>

    <p>“…”</p>

    <p>“Also, the Wu clan concurs with the Fa house, right? We send people to the Post Station Town to work for him, and even invited him to cook for the Harvest Festival.”</p>

    <p>At this moment, their father Donda Wu who had been drinking all the while said unhappily: “You are noisy, Ludo.”</p>

    <p>“What’s wrong, this is important, right? Dad is now the tribal chief of Forest’s Edge, and Jiza-nii will inherit this position. If the tribal chief and heir have different views, it will cause problems in the future.”</p>

    <p>“That’s why Jiza needs time to think.”</p>

    <p>Mia Lei Wu spoke this time.</p>

    <p>“Leave the complicated matters to the clan head and Jiza, so just finish your own work properly, okay?”</p>

    <p>“But this is the Wu clan’s problem, correct? Asuta is an important person to us, so I can’t help worrying about this.”</p>

    <p>The oldest member of the family, Jiba Wu chipped in this time:</p>

    <p>“Ludo, I’m happy that you said that, but… because he is an important person, and this is an important matter, we need to consider this carefully just like Mia Lei said.”</p>

    <p>“That’s true, but isn’t Ai Fa an important person to Grandma Jiba?”</p>

    <p>“That’s definitely true… Ai Fa is an old friend, and Asuta is an important person to me who made me realize the joys in living… Asuta and Ai Fa are also doing something important, and it would take time to ascertain if they are doing the right thing…”</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu didn’t really get it.</p>

    <p>But Jiba Wu definitely cherished Asuta and Ai Fa as much as Ludo Wu did. After getting admonished by Grandma Jiba, he started wondering if he was a bit too anxious.</p>

    <p><i>Tch, no matter how you dice it, Asuta and Ai Fa are doing this for the sake of Forest’s Edge; can’t they just admit that this is the right thing to do?</i></p>

    <p>Ludo Wu swallowed his dissatisfaction alongside the soup seasoned with Tau sauce.</p>

    <p>No one mentioned the Fa house for the rest of the dinner.</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu then laid down in his room for a while after that, and then Rimee Wu and Lala Wu visited him.</p>

    <p>“What is it?”</p>

    <p>“Nothing. We just want you to tell us more about Darum-nii.”</p>

    <p>Lala Wu looked angry, while Rimee Wu blinked with anticipation.</p>

    <p>After the House Head Conference ended, Darum Wu had been staying in the northern village. He came back during the Harvest Festival, but took on the job of guarding the prisoners in the northern village shortly after that. He had been away for twenty-odd days, and his sisters were getting lonely.</p>

    <p>The hunters of Forest’s Edge would spend most of their day in the woods, so spending time together on their rest days was a blissful thing. But Darum Wu had to leave the house during this period. It was only natural for his younger sisters to feel lonely.</p>

    <p>“With Darum-nii gone, this room seems so big.”</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu, who sat down beside Ludo Wu, looked around the room. Jiza Wu had his own room after getting married, so Ludo Wu was staying here alone.</p>

    <p>“So, how is Darum-nii? Did anything happened in the northern village?”</p>

    <p>“I don’t know. I think it has nothing to do with the people of the north; he is pondering about something.”</p>

    <p>“But aren’t the Zaza, Dom and Jean houses in the north the kin of the Tsun clan? Before Papa Donda became the tribal chief, we weren’t on good terms with them.”</p>

    <p>That seemed to be the thing his sisters were worried about.</p>

    <p>And recently, the head of the Zaza house Graff Zaza had more chances to visit the Wu clan. His sister must have seen Graff Zaza with his kiba head hood and feral eyes. Even though they weren’t hunters, Graff Zaza’s appearance must seem intimidating and fearsome.</p>

    <p>“Darum-nii was asked by the Zaza house to help, that’s why he went to the northern village. There’s no way they would get into a fight. And also, the northern tribes were at odds with us because they followed the Tsun clan without thinking for themselves. But they now feel they had been tricked by the Tsun clan, so there’s no reason for us to be enemies anymore. If not for that, Dad wouldn’t have given them the position of tribal chief.”</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu suppressed a yawn and continued with his response:</p>

    <p>“As I said, Darum-nii is thinking about something else. A lot happened between him and the Fa house, so it’s only natural for him to be troubled, right?”</p>

    <p>“Eh… Darum-nii doesn’t seem to get along well with the Fa house…”</p>

    <p>Lala Wu hugged her knees listlessly.</p>

    <p>Donda Wu proposed that Ai Fa marry Darum Wu, but Ai Fa turned him down and chose to live on as a hunter. Not long ago, Ai Fa brought Asuta to the Wu clan, and after many tribulations, she got a good placing in the recent Harvest Festival.</p>

    <p><i>There is glory in victory, but no shame in losing in the contest of might…</i> That might be so, but losing to someone he proposed to was still a disgrace. There had never been a female hunter before, so only Darum Wu knew about this shame.</p>

    <p>“Be it the Harvest Festival or his visit to the northern village, Darum-nii has been acting strangely. Darum-nii… Erm, does he still want to marry Ai Fa…?”</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu answered the listless Lala Wu: “Who knows…”</p>

    <p>“If that is true, then it’s not good for the Fa house either. Aside from Asuta, I can’t think of anyone Ai Fa would want to marry.”</p>

    <p>“Yes, Ai Fa is pretty and I like her. But I think someone who will stay quietly by Darum-nii’s side will suit him more!”</p>

    <p>“Who knows. Choosing a spouse depends on the person and the house head.”</p>

    <p>“That’s true… Tch, if only Darum-nii paid more attention to the people around him…”</p>

    <p>Lala Wu knew this wasn’t something she could tell Ludo Wu.</p>

    <p>“Darum-nii isn’t a kid anymore, so we don’t need to worry about him finding his way. Well then… I’m turning in.”</p>

    <p>“Yes, Rimee wants to sleep too.”</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu yawned cutely and leaned onto Ludo Wu’s chest.</p>

    <p>“Hey, Ludo! It’s been a while since we slept together, how about doing that tonight?”</p>

    <p>“Huh? Why?”</p>

    <p>“I feel lonely because Darum-nii isn’t here.”</p>

    <p>“Am I a substitute for Darum-nii?”</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu turned his head away after sticking out his tongue, and Rimee Wu shook his body: “It’s fine, right!?”</p>

    <p>“Rimee is just eight, so I can sleep with a male family member, right? I won’t be able to sleep with Ludo Wu two years later, right?”</p>

    <p>“Two years is a long time. Never mind… Where you sleep isn’t my business.”</p>

    <p>Rimee yelled happily: “Don’t wanna!” while Lala Wu grumbled: “Hey! Then I will be alone! I’m already 13, so I can’t sleep with my brother.”</p>

    <p>“Then spend the night in Vena-nee’s room. The three of you can sleep together.”</p>

    <p>Lala Wu said: “I can’t even!” angrily and stomped out of the room.</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu giggled and laid down beside Ludo Wu.</p>

    <p>“Erm, don’t you use a blanket when sleeping, Ludo?”</p>

    <p>“Yes, it’s not cold anyway.”</p>

    <p>“Is that so? But it’s warm when we stick together!”</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu said innocently as she put her head on Ludo Wu’s chest.</p>

    <p>Her red hair wriggled right before Ludo Wu’s nose, and Ludo Wu patted her fluffy head.</p>

    <p>“…Is Darum-nii really fine?”</p>

    <p>“He’s fine, trust Darum-nii.”</p>

    <p>“Yes! Since Ludo says so, I will believe it!”</p>

    <p>After saying so, Rimee Wu buried her head in Ludo Wu’s chest, and soon let off a calm breathing sound.</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu hugged her small head and closed his eyes as he fluffed her soft hair.</p>

    <hr/>

    <p>The next morning, when Ludo Wu opened his eyes, Rimee Wu was gone.</p>

    <p>The women had to do chores in the morning, so she probably left at dawn. Ludo Wu stretched his back and decided to take a stroll.</p>

    <p>When he left the house, the sun had risen higher than he expected, so instead of venturing off, he headed for the kitchen instead. An appetizing aroma was coming from there.</p>

    <p>The Totos tied behind the house was eating leaves with a dumb expression as usual. After patting the back of the Totos as a greeting, Ludo Wu looked inside the kitchen.</p>

    <p>The women were hard at work. They were the four sisters of the main house and Shela Wu from the branch house. They were instructed by Asuta to prepare the dishes to be sold in the Post Station Town.</p>

    <p>“Ah, morning, Ludo! Why are you up so late today?”</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu grilled mini poitan one by one and smiled at him. Lala Wu still looked grumpy though.</p>

    <p>“You are burning tons of firewood so early in the morning again. But… I thought only three people are helping Asuta?”</p>

    <p>“I finished my other chores, so I’m here to help. Helping is practicing kitchen work too!”</p>

    <p>Rimee Wu answered energetically and then puffed her cheeks.</p>

    <p>“And Rimee is the only one who can’t go to the Post Station Town… Rimee wants to work with everyone too!”</p>

    <p>“Wait until the friction with the nobles subsides. Rimee will definitely be able to come then.”</p>

    <p>Leina Wu smiled and comforted her. After Vena Wu got injured, she could go and work in the Post Station Town every other day, which made her very happy.</p>

    <p>In contrast, Vena Wu didn’t look happy at all. It had nothing to do with her work in the Post Station Town; she was probably thinking about that easterner who left Genos. She was suddenly proposed to by someone who wanted to marry into the family and was told to consider it for half a year. Vena Wu must be troubled about it.</p>

    <p><i>She has always been the one breaking men’s heart, so it’s fine for her to be troubled once in a while too.</i></p>

    <p>Ludo Wu looked around the kitchen again.</p>

    <p>It was like the preparation for a banquet. Leina Wu and Shela Wu made the meat patty for the “Kiba burger” one after another and then put them into the pot. In another pot was tarapa soup, which Vena Wu was stirring while sighing.</p>

    <p>Beside Rimee Wu and Lala Wu were piles of grilled poitan. Asuta would sell 150 meals a day, so they were preparing half of that.</p>

    <p>“Erm, I smell grilled meat, and I’m hungry. Will you get mad if I ate one?”</p>

    <p>“Of course we will! I will definitely get mad!”</p>

    <p>Leina Wu didn’t joke around while cooking and running a business. Ludo Wu shrugged and decided to leave.</p>

    <p>He returned to Lulu’s side, and a familiar youth was there. It was Shela Wu’s younger brother and the head of a branch house, Shin Wu.</p>

    <p>“Yo, you are early, Shin Wu.”</p>

    <p>“Ah, Ludo Wu. I was thinking about taking a bath.”</p>

    <p>The Wu clan’s watering hole was behind the main house. Shin Wu was carrying a rag to wipe himself and a change of clothes.</p>

    <p>“I want to go with you. I’ll get my clothes, can you wait for me?”</p>

    <p>“Alright.”</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu walked past Shin Wu towards his home.</p>

    <p>He changed his mind midway and looked at Shin Wu’s face.</p>

    <p>“The bruise on your face is getting better. Does it still hurt?”</p>

    <p>“It wasn’t that painful in the first place.”</p>

    <p>Shin Wu was thrown down by a youth named Geta and kicked in the face. His thin face still had a faint bruise.</p>

    <p>“Shin Wu, you are already a hunter who won’t sully the name of the Wu clan. The opponent was just too strong, so don’t take it to heart.”</p>

    <p>“…”</p>

    <p>“How was your training with Rau Lei yesterday? You seemed very tired on your way back, so I didn’t ask you for the details back then.”</p>

    <p>“The training is very useful. I’m grateful to Rau Lei and Ai Fa who urged as to practice.”</p>

    <p>“Is that so. There is the issue of the suitability of a training partner too. Rau Lei seems to be compatible with Shin Wu, isn’t that great?”</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu then smiled at him, but Shin Wu merely nodded. He had always been calm, but he seemed frustrated about letting Geta escape.</p>

    <p><i>He can only train until he acknowledges his own skills.</i></p>

    <p>Shin Wu was one of the stronger hunters of the branch houses, which was impressive since he was just 16.</p>

    <p>But everyone in the main house was stronger than him. Ludo Wu, who was a year younger than Shin Wu, had never lost to him before.</p>

    <p><i>My target is Dad and my bros.</i></p>

    <p>Ludo Wu was already confident that he wouldn’t lose to Darum Wu. If things went well, he could defeat Jiza Wu too. But Donda Wu and Dan Lutim were on another tier, and he even lost to Mida in the last Harvest Festival. Be it Ludo Wu or his brothers, they would chase right after their father’s footstep and not be satisfied with the present.</p>

    <p><i>Shin Wu regrets his lack of ability. He might cheer up if I mess around a little.</i></p>

    <p>But everyone’s personality was different. It would be difficult to change a person’s character, so Ludo Wu could only smile at his stubborn childhood friend.</p>

    <p>“Wait here, I will grab my clothes…”</p>

    <p>Someone suddenly shouted from behind: “Ludo Wu!”</p>

    <p>He looked back and saw it was Shela Wu working in the kitchen. Looking at him with eyes that resembled her brother, Shela Wu jogged towards them.</p>

    <p>“Ah, you are here too, Shin. I have something I want to tell Ludo…”</p>

    <p>“Hmm, what is it?”</p>

    <p>“…Ludo, Lala Wu and the others told me that you went to the northern village last night?”</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu was taken aback a little and then nodded.</p>

    <p>“Darum-nii is doing fine. He seemed to be thinking about something and looked a little depressed.”</p>

    <p>“Oh, I see…”</p>

    <p>Shela Wu patted her breasts.</p>

    <p>She was worrying for Darum Wu as a relative. But, given the relationship between Lala Wu and Shin Wu, there was some similarity here.</p>

    <p><i>It’s a fact that Ai Fa and Darum-nii are always squabbling. Someone docile like Shela Wu might be more suitable for Darum-nii.</i></p>

    <p>Shela Wu has been acting strange recently too.</p>

    <p>She used to be timid and lack confidence. She didn’t have enough strength and struggled just to fetch a water flask. Ludo Wu wasn’t sure since he was younger than her, but he heard that Shela Wu was often sick in the childhood.</p>

    <p>The denizens of Forest’s Edge prioritized having a healthy and strong body. This was obvious since the men needed to hunt and the women had to do laborious chores every day and raise the children.</p>

    <p>All the men were mesmerized by Ai Fa not only because of her looks but also due to the strong life force her body gave off.</p>

    <p>“…But Shela Wu doesn’t look bad either.”</p>

    <p>“Huh? W-What’s the matter?”</p>

    <p>“N-Nothing. It’s just that your cooking can rival Leina-nee’s, so you can marry any men that you like, correct?”</p>

    <p>Shela Wu started to blush.</p>

    <p>“W-What are you saying all of a sudden, Ludo Wu? Could it be… Asuta told you?”</p>

    <p>“Huh? Why did you mention Asuta?”</p>

    <p>“N-Nothing! That’s not it, so forget about it.”</p>

    <p>He wasn’t sure if Asuta who worked in the kitchen would notice the worries of the girls and talk with them.</p>

    <p>And Asuta was a guy as frail as a girl. However, he had the aura that could rival Ludo Wu’s father and brothers and would show the eyes of a hunter at times. He was a strange person.</p>

    <p>“Anyway, Darum-nii is doing well. He probably won’t come back before the troublesome matters with the nobles are resolved, so don’t worry too much. Also… The people in northern villages only eat meat that hasn’t been bloodlet, so he is probably craving for Shela Wu’s cooking.”</p>

    <p>“I-Isn’t cooking for Darum Wu the job of the main house?”</p>

    <p>“Shela Wu’s dishes are as good as Leina-nee’s; he will definitely be happy if Shela Wu cooks for him.”</p>

    <p>Shela Wu blushed even redder and then left after saying: “I-I still have work to do…”</p>

    <p>“Hehehe…”</p>

    <p>When he heard Ludo Wu laugh, Shin Wu looked at him in surprise:</p>

    <p>“Why is Shela so frantic? And what were the two of you talking about?”</p>

    <p>“Hmm? Shin Wu, don’t you know?”</p>

    <p>“No, I don’t.”</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu smile brightened, and he put his arm around Shin Wu’s neck.</p>

    <p>“You are so interesting. I’m so glad that Shin Wu is my kin.”</p>

    <p>“I’m happy to hear that, but I still don’t get you.”</p>

    <p>“Alright, it’s fine for you to stay this way, Shin Wu.”</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu was always smiling for some reason.</p>

    <p>Everyone had a hectic time because of Ai Fa and Asuta, but they all managed to walk on the right path. Ludo Wu could feel that somehow.</p>

    <p>Shela Wu learned to cook from Asuta and became like this. Shin Wu, who wanted Ai Fa to teach him the “Sacrificial Hunting Method” but was turned down, had been somewhat influenced too. Despite being just 17 and a girl, Ai Fa was already the head of the Fa house and lived a proper life as a hunter. Shin Wu had definitely learned something from Ai Fa.</p>

    <p>His family from the main house had also interacted with the Fa house more now. The Fa house had a new friendship with the houses around them. After winning their struggle against the Tsun clan, Ai Fa and Asuta had found a place in the Forest’s Edge that was different from before.</p>

    <p><i>Be it Jiza-nii, Darum-nii, or that bunch from the Zaza house, they will acknowledge Asuta and Ai Fa one day. They are an interesting couple after all.</i></p>

    <p>Ludo Wu had grown to like Asuta and Ai Fa when he first ate their cooking. That’s why he gave Asuta his blessing and wanted the foreigner to marry one of his elder sisters. Asuta and Ai Fa were getting accepted in Forest’s Edge gradually, which made Ludo Wu very happy.</p>

    <p>“Let’s protect them properly today too! No matter who attacks, we will beat them all up!”</p>

    <p>“Of course. We can’t lose to the same person twice.”</p>

    <p>Shin Wu answered with a stern face, with Ludo Wu arms still around his neck.</p>

    <p>“…Speaking of which, I want to take a bath.”</p>

    <p>“Oh, that’s right! Wait for me!”</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu poked Shin Wu’s head one last time before running home.</p>

    <p>He was filled with the joy of being born in the Wu clan, and getting to befriend Asuta… And the pride of being a denizen of Forest’s Edge.</p>
  </section>

  .
</body>
</html>