<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Cooking with Wild Game - Volume Ten</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="prologue">
    <h2>Prologue: <span epub:type="subtitle">The Blue Month That Was Over</span></h2>

    <p>Soon after bidding farewell to Shimimaru and Pops Balan, the Blue Month ended.</p>

    <p>I only became aware of the calendar during the Blue Month. After hearing that “the House Head Conference will be held on the tenth day of the Blue Month”, I learned for the first time that the months of this world were named by color.</p>

    <p>It had been almost 70 days since I came to this world. The month had changed twice before I even knew about that.</p>

    <p>I seemed to have met Ai Fa in the Yellow Month. The Yellow Month was followed by the Green Month. The request by House Lutim to prepare for their wedding happened during that month. It was also the time I met Kamyua Yost and started doing business in the Post Station Town.</p>

    <p>Those were turbulent days, but the Blue Month was even more hectic. After the House Head Conference, we had to deal with the aftermath of the incident caused by Zattsu Tsun and Tay Tsun, and we got to know Pyschkurewuss who was shrouded in mystery.</p>

    <p>I thought the troubles with the Tsun clan would end with Tay Tsun’s death, but unfortunately, it wasn’t so. Another question floated out of the surface: whether Pyschkurewuss was the mastermind directing the Tsun clan’s wrongdoings.</p>

    <p>Pyschkurewuss was one of the nobles that ruled Genos. The Forest’s Edge of Morga lay within the Genos territory, so the Lord of the denizens of Forest’s Edge was Marquis Marstein Genos. Pyschkurewuss was the liaison officer standing between Marstein and Forest’s Edge. Pyschkurewuss interacted with the denizens of Forest’s Edge as a representative of Marstein.</p>

    <p>And this Pyschkurewuss was being suspected of controlling the Tsun clan from the dark. And the one who cast this suspicion was the eldest son of Marstein, the next landlord of Genos, Malfreed, and his associate, the “guardian” Kamyua Yost. Kamyua Yost told Malfred his suspicions about Pyschkurewuss, and it led to all this.</p>

    <p>Kamyua Yost was a complicated man. First of all, he took in a boy named Leito as his disciple. Leito was the son of the caravan leader who died from Zattsu Tsun’s attack a decade ago.</p>

    <p>And there was also the brother-in-law of the innkeeper Milano Mast, who operates the “Kimyusu’s Tail Inn”. His corpse being found grasping a hunter’s necklace was the beginning of everything.</p>

    <p>And that was why there was a rumor in the Post Station Town that the culprit behind the attack was a denizen of Forest’s Edge. The lawless antics of the Tsun clan in town only added to the townsfolk suspicion towards the Forest’s Edge.</p>

    <p>However, the nobles of Genos still didn’t plan to negotiate with the denizens of Forest’s Edge properly. Not just the caravan attack incident, but also the death of the envoys from the neighboring Banam city and the demise of the former captain of the Genos towns guard seemed to be due to assaults by denizens of Forest’s Edge. But all these crimes were passed off as the doings of the “Red Beard Gang” bandits.</p>

    <p>“Red Beard Gang” had the principles of not taking lives, only targeting aristocrats and wealthy merchants, and sharing the robbed money with the poor. They were thieves of justice. Even though there was no evidence, the “Red Beard Gang” were still made scapegoats and got executed.</p>

    <p>That was why Kamyua Yost was so certain that this was a conspiracy by Pyschkurewuss’ group. He coerced the Tsun clan to launch these attacks to get rid of people that were in their way and then pushed the crime onto the “Red Beard Gang”. Pyschkurewuss only got to his current position by keeping all of this in the dark… That was what Kamyua Yost deduced.</p>

    <p>Kamyua Yost shared his deduction with Malfreed. Malfreed had the mindset that ‘all sins must be punished’, so he was determined to get to the bottom of this matter involving Pyschkurewuss.</p>

    <p>But as there wasn’t any evidence that could prove that this was all a conspiracy of Pyschkurewuss, they came up with a plan to lure out the villain by organizing a fake Semu-bound caravan.</p>

    <p>The plan worked and revealed the crimes of the Tsun clan. The former head of the Tsun clan that had fallen from grace after the House Head Conference, Zattsu Tsun, attacked the caravan with his trusted aide, Tay Tsun, and was apprehended.</p>

    <p>Zattsu Tsun confessed to doing the crime a decade ago, cursed the world, and died in prison with a grudge. Tay Tsun also died because of the twisted fate brought about by Zattsu Tsun. And we cleared one thing up— the ones who attacked the caravan ten years ago wasn’t the “Red Beard Gang”, but Zattsu Tsun’s group.</p>

    <p>Hence, Kamyua Yost’s group worked on this only lead to uncover Pyschkurewuss’ crimes and embarked on a search for the only survivor of the “Red Beard Gang”, the significant other of the boss.</p>

    <p>So they made a request to the denizens of Forest’s Edge and borrowed three hunters from the Wu clan branch houses. With these three hunters and Leito, Kamyua Yost set off from Genos on the last day of the Blue Month.</p>

    <p>But on that very day, something shocking happened.</p>

    <p>Someone claiming to be the son of that significant other of the boss appeared before us.</p>

    <p>He claimed to be Geta, the son of the “Red Beard Gang” boss Goram. He was a youth with fiery red hair and yellow beast-like eyes. He came to Genos to get revenge on the denizens of Forest’s Edge who made his father the scapegoat.</p>

    <p>Kamyua Yost who was looking for Geta’s mother just happened to miss him; what a twist of fate. Geta refused to listen to us and disappeared.</p>

    <p>Pyschkurewuss ordered the denizens of Forest’s Edge to hand over all Tsun clan members who transgressed the law for sentencing by Genos. He demanded not only the house head Zuro Tsun, but also everyone in the main house. Diga, Doddo, Yamiel Lei, Zwei, Aura… They were forgiven by the denizens of Forest’s Edge after they broke off ties with the Tsun clan, but Pyschkurewuss had his eyes set on them.</p>

    <p>To submit or to resist? There was only half a month before the decision would be made in the next half a month. The denizens of Forest’s Edge had to determine their own path by the 15th of the White Month.</p>

    <p>Would Pyschkurewuss’ crimes become uncovered and the tables turned… During this crucial juncture, Geta appeared, marking an end to the turbulent Blue Month.</p>

    <p>Would Kamyua Yost find Geta’s mother?</p>

    <p>What was Pyschkurewuss true intention for demanding for the members of the Tsun clan main house?</p>

    <p>And, why did he push back the conference by half a month?</p>

    <p>Could the denizens of Forest’s Edge come to an understanding with Geta?</p>

    <p>We ushered in the end of the Blue Month amidst all these questions.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>