[Isekai Apocalypse Mynoghra v1c13](https://isekaimynoghra.blogspot.com/2020/09/c1e13.html)
<br/><br/>
The<br/>
Southern Province of the Holy Kingdom of Qualia.<br/>
This<br/>
big city is the center of government.<br/>
The<br/>
city is known as a rice barn as the land in the province is very fertile. <br/>
A<br/>
holy knight walked inside the cathedral with feelings of pity.<br/>
"Hey,<br/>
Ronius! Ronius! Are you there???"<br/>
"Yes,<br/>
what's up Holy Knight Verdel-sama?"<br/>
Verdel<br/>
opened the door and entered the place of worship in haste. Verdel's face was<br/>
straight and rough. While on the other hand, his clothes were beautiful and<br/>
luxurious.<br/>
There<br/>
are positions called "Holy Knights" in the Holy Kingdom, whose status<br/>
is above ordinary soldiers.<br/>
A<br/>
founder of a religious sect becomes the Holy King of Qualia and leads the<br/>
country. All of the citizens adhere to the same religion and pray to their God<br/>
every day.<br/>
In<br/>
fact, an estimated 30% of its citizens acquire some kind of priesthood.<br/>
From<br/>
the top-level to the low-level, they are all chosen elites who had gone through<br/>
rigorous training and examinations.<br/>
They<br/>
studied martial arts, fine arts, and other subjects, but their family<br/>
background was the most important.<br/>
Holy<br/>
Knights, who can create miracles even though they are not as powerful as a<br/>
saint, were elite people and are indispensable to the nation.<br/>
Usually,<br/>
they are placed all over the country to solve various domestic problems. Their<br/>
powers were used to eradicate the occasional monsters and villains and to guard<br/>
VIP officials.<br/>
That<br/>
is the existence of the Holy Knights.<br/>
This<br/>
man was characterized by such constant training and steel-like mental strength.<br/>
He was supposed to have the humanity to sufficiently lead the people together<br/>
with the other clergymen. Still, his behavior could be considered uncivilized<br/>
for a clergyman who should have been baptized by God.<br/>
He<br/>
is a Senior Holy Knight by the name of Verdel.<br/>
Holy<br/>
Knight Ronius, who was praying in the chapel, quietly raised his face and<br/>
looked back at Verdel as he walked in with a clatter, accompanied by his<br/>
armor's clanking.  <br/>
"This<br/>
is a place to say prayers to God. I beg of you to be quiet, Verdel-sama.”<br/>
“Southland!<br/>
Despite its location in the northern part of the southern continent!　Why<br/>
should I go to a place where barbarians live!?"<br/>
“But<br/>
if we succeed in our mission, we will be well-remembered by the council. Above<br/>
all, it's a command given by The Flower Saintess, Soarena herself, there is no<br/>
greater honor than that."<br/>
“Hmm,<br/>
I don't know...”<br/>
The<br/>
Holy Knight Verdel was the first to openly call out dirty words of<br/>
dissatisfaction.<br/>
Unlike<br/>
Verdel, who was less classy and unusual for a Holy Knight, Ronius was truly<br/>
elegant. In his calmness, one could feel the strength of his heart. With his<br/>
neat appearance wearing a special uniform, he was a man who became a role model<br/>
for Holy Knights.  <br/>
Then<br/>
the Holy Knight Ronius decided to listen to Verdel's complaint.<br/>
The<br/>
cursed forest that exists in the southern part of the Hydragia continent, the Daijukai.<br/>
The<br/>
story that Saintess Soarena received an oracle, and issued an investigation<br/>
decree to investigate a disaster in that place has reached Ronius from the<br/>
other day.<br/>
Verdel<br/>
is suspected of having numerous bad manners unacceptable to being a Holy<br/>
Knight. How he had come here to protest meant he had a different agenda.<br/>
The<br/>
Holy Kingdom was filled with people with many different agendas.<br/>
Even<br/>
the usually well-behaved priests and the innocent-looking nuns. Nobody knows<br/>
what they could be thinking behind the scenes. Is it because the organization<br/>
is too big, or is it because of its human nature...?<br/>
Assuming<br/>
that they succeeded in this investigative mission, Verdel will take all the credit.<br/>
If<br/>
something goes wrong, or if they fail, of course, it will be his own<br/>
responsibility.<br/>
Ronius<br/>
was still a lowly Holy Knight without a good family background despite his<br/>
ability. He bit his teeth inwardly. <br/>
(Though<br/>
it wouldn't be that bad to have Verdel-sama join us.)<br/>
Verdel's<br/>
participation would significantly increase his chances of survival. Verdel is a<br/>
Senior Holy Knight. Despite his disrespectful nature, his ability was<br/>
guaranteed. <br/>
This<br/>
is the first time Ronius got an investigative mission in an area outside the<br/>
country. The fact that it was a saintly matter made him feel a little relaxed.<br/>
His<br/>
own safety was more important than anything. There's no point in losing his<br/>
life in a rush to make changes. The images of his beloved wife and newborn daughter<br/>
flashed through his mind.<br/>
This<br/>
must be God's will for him. He is a religious person.<br/>
"So,<br/>
how much of our force should we send to investigate? If Verdel-sama is willing<br/>
to cooperate, I believe we can borrow a large number of soldiers from the Southern<br/>
Province ...”<br/>
"No,<br/>
they say that's all we've got, and we've been instructed by the higher-ups in<br/>
the council to replace them with mercenary soldiers."<br/>
"...What?　Why<br/>
would they do that?”<br/>
“I<br/>
don't know!　Damn it!　Mercenaries<br/>
don't have any handlers!　And<br/>
right now they are all busy with the mayhem in the north. What do you want me<br/>
to do?”<br/>
Surprisingly<br/>
both of them had the same opinion. But unlike Verdel, Ronius has a rational<br/>
mind.<br/>
It's<br/>
definitely only a matter of time before Ronius could think of the best<br/>
solution.<br/>
“Leave<br/>
that to me, Verdel-sama. I have an old friend who is on good terms with the<br/>
Mercenary Army. I'll see if he can help us arrange it.”<br/>
"Eh?<br/>
Ronius, you have a connection? It turns out you're great too! That's very<br/>
helpful, please take care of it!"<br/>
"Yeah,<br/>
just leave it to me."<br/>
Ronius<br/>
was slapped on the back so hard that he coughed.<br/>
Verdel<br/>
nonchalantly walked away, laughing out loud. <br/>
'He's<br/>
got character problems, but he's not a bad guy.'<br/>
Ronius<br/>
think he understands why Verdel was liked by some clergyman.<br/>
But<br/>
… Ronius thought hard about the case. <br/>
(Saintess<br/>
Soarena is currently under the jurisdiction of the North Qualia Province. If an<br/>
order was given to investigate by the oracle, it must have come from the<br/>
Northern Province. However, his destination, namely the Daijukai, was on the<br/>
southern region of Hydragia, known as the Southern Continent. I see … The<br/>
preparations must be under the responsibility of the closest province, the<br/>
Southern Province of Qualia.)<br/>
While<br/>
praying silently, he meditated.<br/>
(With<br/>
Saintess Soarena-sama in charge of the Northern Emergency, the other Saints<br/>
can't move.<br/>
On<br/>
the contrary, there are even rumors that the "Face-down Saintess-sama"<br/>
will be sent to reinforce them...This is not the time to get into this kind of<br/>
internal squabbling.)<br/>
The<br/>
main forces of the Holy Knight Order are fools.<br/>
The<br/>
Holy Kingdom of Qualia currently only has half of the four saints. The other<br/>
two will also be needed.<br/>
Even<br/>
if they looked back on history, there is no exception.<br/>
(According<br/>
to the prophecy, there will be a disaster. Is this a sacred matter? I wish I<br/>
could return home safely)<br/>
The<br/>
Holy Knight Ronius began to pray to the Gods again to drown out the anxiety he<br/>
had in his chest.<br/>
◇　　　◇　　　◇<br/>
“The<br/>
human flesh tree was completed according to schedule. We also have a food<br/>
warehouse, so on this land… in this capital of the Mynoghra Kingdom we can<br/>
manage all the food.”<br/>
Emul<br/>
is a dark elf woman. She is also Warriors Chief Gia's second in command.<br/>
In<br/>
front of the creepy tree, she reported the progress of the construction project<br/>
to Atou.<br/>
Several<br/>
months have passed since the last meeting.<br/>
The<br/>
“Human Flesh Tree” has been completed, and operations are running smoothly, as<br/>
evidenced by the food warehouse, administration building, and workers coming<br/>
and going.<br/>
The<br/>
only problem is the tree's creepy appearance and disturbing nature, making<br/>
people think that they were really eating human flesh. Still, living things are<br/>
surprisingly easy to adapt. Although there was some confusion at first, to this<br/>
day, there are no significant problems.<br/>
In<br/>
addition to reporting the current situation, Emul also asked for her opinion on<br/>
the details of facility improvements. After the discussion and receiving the<br/>
report, Atou repeatedly nodded in satisfaction.<br/>
“This<br/>
is good. The food production on agricultural land is running well, so food<br/>
production continues without problems. Then, when the construction of the<br/>
residencies are completed as planned, please start building the royal palace.”<br/>
Basically,<br/>
the King, Takuto, and Atou are in constant communication with each other.<br/>
The<br/>
king can see the entire nation as a whole and directly contact each individual<br/>
if he feels like it.<br/>
But<br/>
was it because they both shifted to this world at the same time? Takuto has a<br/>
particularly strong connection with Atou. Even if they are far apart, they can<br/>
subconsciously compare opinions and share information.<br/>
That's<br/>
why Atou is the main person to audit, give instructions, etc.<br/>
The<br/>
dark elves also thought that asking her would solve most of the problems.<br/>
Conversely, asking the king for various details is disrespectful.<br/>
After<br/>
all, Atou was the perfect retainer who fully understood the king's wishes, even<br/>
though she is actually a relatively clumsy type.<br/>
This<br/>
time, it's also the same.<br/>
After<br/>
looking around, Emul made a decision.<br/>
She<br/>
is second in command of the Warriors<br/>
.<br/>
Still,<br/>
due to her knowledge and position, she also held the secretary and<br/>
communications coordinator positions.<br/>
She<br/>
timidly speaks a question that had been bothering her mind for a long time.<br/>
"A...Atou-dono?"<br/>
"Yes,<br/>
can I help you, Emul?"<br/>
"We<br/>
didn't hear anything about this..."<br/>
She<br/>
pointed to the city where the number of civilized buildings had increased from<br/>
just a village to a certain extent.<br/>
A<br/>
group of air dwellings built like beehives using large trees and their<br/>
branches.<br/>
The<br/>
land sprouts with compartmentalized agricultural land. The fruits and<br/>
vegetables are also grown there.<br/>
Simple<br/>
fences and defensive wells had been built so that the area had become neater<br/>
like a city, but something is strange.<br/>
That's<br/>
right. The old forest is gone.<br/>
Instead,<br/>
it was a scene that can only be described as evil.<br/>
The<br/>
giant trees, left behind in a planned manner, had a twisted twist to them.<br/>
The<br/>
leaves are a mixture of horrific colors for some reason.<br/>
The<br/>
ground is the same, the plants and trees have acquired a disgusting form, and<br/>
something like a thin smoke fills the entire city.<br/>
The<br/>
water that comes out of the well by its color is clearly unsuitable for<br/>
drinking.<br/>
It<br/>
even felt unsettling to see a young dark elf casually bathing nearby.<br/>
You<br/>
could say their new house has turned creepy.<br/>
'Eh?<br/>
Didn't you? ufufu, I'm sorry about that.”<br/>
Atou<br/>
only laughs and tries to change the subject. <br/>
Emul<br/>
is no longer surprised by the carelessness of this evil king's follower.<br/>
But<br/>
still, she had to ask what is happening in this forest.<br/>
“No,<br/>
that's fine. But why is the forest in this state? I mean, is this really<br/>
OK........”<br/>
“Yes.<br/>
You became evil by becoming a citizen of Mynoghra. To be honest, I bet you<br/>
don't feel the difference, but the change is due to the power of the king. And<br/>
that power is passed on not only to the people, but also to this land.”<br/>
“You,<br/>
you mean this sight ...”<br/>
That<br/>
was the answer explained in a nutshell.<br/>
In<br/>
other words, if the people are wicked, then, of course, the land will be<br/>
corrupt. That's the argument.<br/>
Emul,<br/>
who had never felt that they had become wicked before, was stunned but managed<br/>
to accept it.<br/>
“It's<br/>
called 'The Cursed Land'. Basically, it works in favor of beings with evil<br/>
attributes. It has a disadvantage for neutral attributes and goodness beings. It's<br/>
a wonderful land, perfect for defense.”<br/>
"Wow…...ARE?<br/>
But… Works in favor of the evil attribute, right?”<br/>
Her doubts were natural. If she had become evil herself, then this land must have a positive effect<br/>
on her.<br/>
Despite this, her impression was,<br/>
"These are creepy," and to be honest, she didn't feel any favorable impression. And, of<br/>
course, she also didn't feel any positive effect.<br/>
“Then try to take a deep breath.”<br/>
“Eh? Yes Ma'am!　Soooo, haa!" <br/>
“How do you feel?”<br/>
“It's so refreshing, despite the atmosphere... it's<br/>
kind of empowering?”<br/>
“That's what makes you so evil. Well, you don't really<br/>
know how much you've changed.”<br/>
Emul<br/>
touched her own hands with an impressed face. By the way, the seed that became<br/>
the tree of human flesh the other day - she ate human flesh fruit, but she<br/>
didn't find it as disgusting as she had imagined. Instead, she thought,<br/>
"It's a bit stringy, could it be better if I cook it first?"<br/>
Surprisingly,<br/>
Atou stated that she wouldn't realize herself if she became evil.<br/>
That<br/>
may indeed be true.<br/>
If<br/>
she thinks about it, this view is also surprisingly good.　Instead,<br/>
in a sense, the quiet atmosphere that is not invaded by anything is really to<br/>
her liking.<br/>
Emul<br/>
was convinced that this is how it is.<br/>
She<br/>
seemed to have been corrupted in many ways.<br/>
“There's<br/>
just a problem…...this one obviously stands out......"<br/>
She<br/>
was convinced, and a new problem came to them. It was what had just been told<br/>
through Atou's mouth.<br/>
Emul<br/>
subconsciously wanted to say, "I wonder if that really OK!" but the<br/>
sentence was stuck in her throat.<br/>
If<br/>
the buildings were this large and heterogeneous, it will definitely attract<br/>
attention from outside.<br/>
Fortunately,<br/>
this place was within the Daijukai. Maybe the vast forest covers it, but it<br/>
will not continue to be hidden if the country and the territory continue to<br/>
develop.<br/>
Revealing<br/>
their presence to the outside world also invites danger.<br/>
Even<br/>
more so when they are in this evil form.<br/>
“Anyway,<br/>
it's inevitable that our presence will be known to the outside world sooner or<br/>
later. Instead of dwelling on the details, let's enjoy life to the fullest in<br/>
front of us!”<br/>
Emul<br/>
couldn't say... "Because there's nothing that can be done, so just hit as<br/>
hard as we can."<br/>
Though<br/>
imperfect, her talking opponent is her superior and the king's trusted<br/>
retainer.<br/>
Just<br/>
because they were speaking casually, there was no reason to be rude.<br/>
After<br/>
all, no matter how much Emul refuted Atou words, Emul herself could not find a<br/>
solution.<br/>
Then<br/>
it would be somewhat better to give up quickly, just like Atou said, and better<br/>
focus on other things.<br/>
As<br/>
said before, their whereabouts will eventually become public.<br/>
At<br/>
least the Great King, Ira-Takuto's existence, is not a small thing that can be<br/>
kept secret forever.<br/>
However,<br/>
Emul is not worried.<br/>
Ira-Takuto,<br/>
the King of Ruin who would destroy the world.<br/>
His<br/>
presence gave her permanent relief.<br/>
The<br/>
King's subordinate, Atou, gave the girl a vision of the future in which the<br/>
enemies of Mynoghra are destroyed.<br/>
How<br/>
lucky and happy their race is!<br/>
In<br/>
front of them were children, laughing while chasing each other.<br/>
The<br/>
youths who were passionately doing manual labor, a group of soldiers who were<br/>
training.<br/>
While<br/>
looking at her own people, she surrendered herself to an infinite sense of<br/>
trust.<br/>
But<br/>
she had a lot of work to do for her country and her King. <br/>
Emul<br/>
thought about the day to come and again promised herself to do the best she<br/>
could for now.<br/>
=Eterpedia<br/>
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =.= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =.<br/>
[Erosion-Intention]<br/>
State-Intention<br/>
 The<br/>
nation's territory turns into a "cursed land."<br/>
 ～～The<br/>
world has come to an end, and soon all will be cursed by an evil army.<br/>
The<br/>
encroachment orientation is one of the national directions that leaders of the<br/>
evil attribute may have.<br/>
It<br/>
is primarily characterized by the transformation of a nation's territory into a<br/>
"cursed land."<br/>
The<br/>
cursed land has the effect of disadvantaging a goodness attribute unit and<br/>
giving the evil attribute an advantage.<br/>
Despite<br/>
its wickedness, it has a domestic and defensive orientation.<br/>
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
(*Below<br/>
is the message from the Author)<br/>
The<br/>
intention of Mynoghra has been changed.<br/>
Previously:<br/>
"Penetration Intention."<br/>
New:<br/>
"Erosion Intention”.<br/>
There<br/>
has been a change so that the Expression used is more precise,<br/>
Thank<br/>
you for your cooperation. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Message from Lupus-Sensei : Thank you for all the Like and comments.If you like my Isekai Apocalypse<br/>
Mynoghra translation, then please support the series. <br/>
Any donation is greatly appreciated,<br/>
and the donor name will be mentioned in the credit post each month.You can make a one-time donation<br/>
(using Paypal or Ko-Fi) or a monthly donation (using **Patreon). for more detail just click Support/Donation page   <br/>
Proofread by: Shinigami Nanashi <br/>
