[Isekai Apocalypse Mynoghra v1c16](https://isekaimynoghra.blogspot.com/2020/09/c1e16.html)
<br/><br/>
The situation had changed from<br/>
an unexpected encounter to disunity and then to battle.<br/>
Everything was unplanned and unwanted.<br/>
In his mind, Verdel keeps cursing the angel of fate who hated him.<br/>
Verdel is staring at the girl that is slowly approaching him. He was staring at<br/>
the witch.<br/>
"Damn it!　It was going so well!　This the<br/>
worst!”<br/>
“I completely agree. Originally something like this—“<br/>
“Release the arrows!” <br/>
Without waiting for the witch's words, arrows were released by the group of<br/>
mercenaries on Verdel's orders.<br/>
More than a dozen arrows were released from their bows, drawn with all their<br/>
strength, and surrounded the girl.<br/>
But the tentacles extending from behind her deflected all of them.<br/>
She smiled as she displayed her reaction speed, which was impossible for an<br/>
average human body.<br/>
The archers' attack were useless. It didn't do any damage--not even a scratch.<br/>
Realizing the disgusting fact that it won't be easy to defeat the opponent,<br/>
Verdel turned his eye to dismayed Ronius.<br/>
Maybe Ronius only thought that girl was an evil priest. At least at first he<br/>
still considered her an ordinary human.<br/>
While regretting why he didn't share information about the witch before, Verdel<br/>
immediately shared brief information about the witch.<br/>
"The saintess gave the oracle, the superiors also acknowledge it is a<br/>
disaster level monster. <br/>
Currently, only two people have been confirmed. Probably this is the third<br/>
person! ‥<br/>
If I say the cause of the Northern riots, you can understand, right!? "<br/>
"No, no way ..."<br/>
“………”<br/>
Witch.<br/>
The words Verdel spoke showed the girl's level of danger.<br/>
Until now, the turmoil in the Northern Province showed no sign of abating.<br/>
Its said that the disaster was the cause.<br/>
Ronius would never have expected that a world crisis that was desperately kept<br/>
hidden by the Holy Kingdom would appear before his eyes in this way.<br/>
The girl was still swaying her tentacles while looking at them with frightening<br/>
eyes.<br/>
Her attitude was as if to say, "I'll play with you, come on."<br/>
They can't run away.<br/>
With an attack speed that even the senior knights of Verdel had a hard time<br/>
dealing with, the witch pointed her tentacle at Ronius.<br/>
There was clearly no chance to ignore it.<br/>
"Let's go all at once! Mercenaries, you will only burden us! Assist from<br/>
behind!"<br/>
Verdel shouted while Ronius held his sword.<br/>
The two of them already had experience defeating magical beasts.<br/>
Skills against inhuman threats must have stuck to their bodies.<br/>
Thanks to the battles only holy knights could do, they had no fear.<br/>
The only thing to do now was to crush the opponent with all their might.<br/>
“Come on, Ronius.　Whooooo!”<br/>
A strong explosive sound was heard, and Verdel's feet exploded, followed by a<br/>
thunder-like rush.<br/>
Ronius sprinted to chase him.<br/>
The battle with the witch of disaster had just begun here.<br/>
…… The mercenary group couldn't see their movementz.<br/>
It was an attack and defense that far exceeded the speed of their vision.<br/>
They could only see the moment when Ronius pounced on the girl, but even that<br/>
was a speed that defied common sense.<br/>
“That’s too slow and weak."<br/>
Her expression said that she can take full blows from the Holy Knights.<br/>
The two swords were blocked by the girl's tentacles, which were still in a<br/>
defensive position.<br/>
That defense exceeds the senior Holy knight attack speed.<br/>
It seemed to show that their abilities were not as good as those of the witch.<br/>
But--<br/>
"No, unexpectedly, it might just work!"<br/>
"--Mmm?"<br/>
With a splash of purple blood, a single tentacle rolled to the ground.<br/>
The two holy knights jumped back with a single leap and retreated to avoid<br/>
being hit by the falling blood spray.　<br/>
They looked at the tentacles<br/>
biting and bouncing as if it had life, then the slice turned toward them.<br/>
The girl who was called a witch frowns, looking a little troubled. <br/>
“A God punishment technique with divine blessing........it increasea the<br/>
special attack and defense against evil attributes. This is why I said that the<br/>
units of good civilization are cheating.”<br/>
“I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not going to miss this!”<br/>
They quickly ran forward again. And slashes.<br/>
Two moving shadows at the same time, their combination attack timing was<br/>
perfect.<br/>
Just like the previous repetition, blood splashed again.<br/>
"Hmm. Can you cut it?"<br/>
The second tentacle was cut off.<br/>
　But<br/>
the attack by Verdel and the others did not rest.<br/>
　Verdel<br/>
dived from the lower side with a beastly movement as if to attack through the<br/>
blood spray.<br/>
The witch tried to pierce him with two of her four remaining tentacles aimed at<br/>
him.<br/>
　But<br/>
the penetration, which was supposed to be a deadly attack, is easily countered<br/>
by a unique sword strike that seems to draw a circle.<br/>
The acceleration of her tentacles dropped as she was forced to engage in close<br/>
combat.<br/>
Verdel was using a unique sword technique, spinning and gaining an advantage.<br/>
The girl begins to become irritated by the sword attack, which had holy power<br/>
with each swing.<br/>
“How about this one?　--Tch!”<br/>
A shadow fell on the girl's vision.<br/>
She instantly sensed that she was being targeted from above and waved her<br/>
tentacles upward without looking.<br/>
　There<br/>
was a sound of delayed impact and an explosion.<br/>
　There<br/>
are three tentacles left. (PRN: werent there only 2?? Then if one got cut here,<br/>
should thers only be one left?)<br/>
　This<br/>
time it was the girl's turn to jump back and take her distance.<br/>
"Now! Shoot the arrows!"<br/>
"I've underestimated the Holy Knights. This is difficult." <br/>
The girl moved her tentacles more impatiently than before to flick off the<br/>
arrows. Because her tentacles had decreased.<br/>
　The<br/>
coordination was perfect.<br/>
　Ronius<br/>
made a chance, then Verdel, who had the extraordinary fighting ability,<br/>
releases the fatal attack.<br/>
The mercenary group did not move poorly and relied on long-range attacks.<br/>
　If<br/>
they destroyed all remaining tentacles, their victory seemed inevitable.<br/>
　But<br/>
their opponents will bring disaster.<br/>
　Her<br/>
hidden malice is unfathomable.<br/>
"Then, how about this?"<br/>
"What !?"<br/>
Seeing her disadvantageous position, the witch changed her tactics and extended<br/>
her tentacles to the left and right.<br/>
　By the<br/>
time Verdel hurriedly tried to issue a warning, it was already too late.<br/>
　UWAA!　And<br/>
then two small cries were heard, and two members of the group, entangled in her<br/>
tentacles, were held up in front of the witch's eyes.<br/>
"I like humans. They are weak and fragile, have a high sense of family,<br/>
and are perfect for shields."<br/>
"HE, HELP..."<br/>
"Fufu, be quiet."<br/>
"Gebeebh!"<br/>
The tip of the witch tentacle stuck through the mercenary's throat.<br/>
　The<br/>
captive members of the group shock and trembles, but seems still<br/>
alive.<br/>
　Typical,<br/>
but the effect is excellent.<br/>
It's an unthinkable battle strategy for these holy knights.<br/>
　His<br/>
anger at this heinous deed was accidentally reflected on Verdel's face.<br/>
But he shouldn't be caught in the heat of anger, Verdel restrained himself.<br/>
　This<br/>
was a provocation. If they were provoked, and the holy knights will miss their<br/>
chance to win.<br/>
Don't expect the witches to have human ethics. They are far outside the realm<br/>
of understanding.<br/>
In fact, the evil girl seemed to be enjoying seeing the suffering of the<br/>
mercenary members she just caught.<br/>
"This devil!"<br/>
 "Ronius! Don't move around. Suppress your anger! The other party is<br/>
so exhausted that she has to take hostages! Let's go at the same time!"<br/>
"Oh! Will you come! What do you do with the shield? Will you kill them? Oh,<br/>
That's right, they are mercenary, they have no value."<br/>
The two mercenary corps members who became shields were about to die.<br/>
However, Verdel's unyielding attack was laudable.<br/>
The attacks he carried out were as if so that their deaths were not in vain, he<br/>
not only managed to injure the witch tentacles but also injure her body.<br/>
"Two more ... if we cut two more of those disgusting body parts, we'll<br/>
win."<br/>
"Yes, Verdel-sama"<br/>
They had seen through witch's tactics.<br/>
The end was near, and the time had come for them to destroy evil.<br/>
　Her<br/>
beautiful white cheek that does not resemble demons now had a single<br/>
scar. <br/>
　The<br/>
witch of disaster can undoubtedly be killed.<br/>
　It had<br/>
given them hope in the name of victory.<br/>
"Let's go! Don't lose focus--"<br/>
The end is about to come.<br/>
The end, everything was finally over.<br/>
"Oh! I forgot to say it."<br/>
Strangely enough.<br/>
　As if<br/>
she had just remembered, the witch clapped her hands, and she smiled like a<br/>
baby girl. She released a blow that almost broke their neck.<br/>
She skewered Verdel with countless tentacles.<br/>
"...... My power could easily be described as being the size of an army.<br/>
If you don't bring at least 5000 armed soldiers, then it won't matter. Maybe<br/>
you still need to add more."<br/>
　Countless<br/>
tentacles sprouted out from behind her.<br/>
　She<br/>
had been playing with them from the beginning. Verdel regrets in anguish how<br/>
naive he was to think he could win.<br/>
　Realizing<br/>
that the multiple tentacles stabbed into his belly and that his life is now<br/>
about to run out. He grabs the tentacles and spits out a goblet of blood in a<br/>
last-ditch effort.<br/>
“Run, run Ronius….”<br/>
“Ve, Verdel….sama”<br/>
“QUICK RUUUN!!”<br/>
While tilting her neck and the girl stabbed Verdel's skull.<br/>
The holy knight convulsed for a moment and then fell silent.<br/>
His body fell to the ground,<br/>
It shows that his life had been lost forever.<br/>
“Well, now it's your turn. Holy Knight Ronius. I killed him too quickly.<br/>
Unfortunately, you won't.”<br/>
Countless tentacles swayed around her.<br/>
As if to show despair and declare that they would be killed from now on.<br/>
There is no way to beat her anymore.<br/>
Since Verdel was lost, Ronius can't even cut her tentacles.<br/>
Despair started looming over the mercenaries.<br/>
If Ronius was defeated, it would be their turn next.<br/>
One of the mercenaries who understood that screamed.<br/>
“HII! HII!! –-RUN.”<br/>
The horrified members threw bows and arrows to escape, but they were instantly<br/>
killed by tentacles protruding from the ground.The girl glanced over there and returned her gaze to Ronius.<br/>
Escape is meaningless. Despair haunted everyone.<br/>
However, only Ronius felt uncomfortable with the gesture.<br/>
Why did the girl show a gesture that particularly worried someone will escape?<br/>
By the way, she was aiming for a horse and a messenger at first.<br/>
Many small questions popped .<br/>
When he got the answer, Ronius quickly shouted out. <br/>
“Spread out!　One of us has to survive and get this<br/>
message out!”<br/>
“This is not good........ It can't be helped.”<br/>
A glimpse of impatience appeared on the witch's face.<br/>
At the same time, Ronius could see that his conclusion was correct.<br/>
As she expected, the girl aimed her countless tentacles to attack the escaping<br/>
mercenaries.<br/>
Her tentacles, which were as sharp as spears, stabbed into the ground with a<br/>
loud sound.<br/>
The screams of the stabbed mercenary group members echoed through the area.<br/>
And Ronius took advantage of this moment.<br/>
“God! Grant me the power to conquer evil!”<br/>
Casting down the power of God again, he ran to the witch with all his might.<br/>
　Because<br/>
she was distracted by taking care of the mercenary group, the girl's defense<br/>
was less than adequate.<br/>
　Ronius<br/>
manages to push away the remaining tentacles that came in a hurry to block<br/>
the attack and penetrate the girl's body.<br/>
It was a quick moment of attack and defense. And the Goddess of Victory smiled<br/>
at him.<br/>
　The<br/>
remaining tentacles were no longer in time to intercept the attackers.<br/>
　He was<br/>
determined to end everything with one strike.<br/>
To take on the enemies of the fallen Verdel.<br/>
Ronius swung his sword down.  　--Kin.<br/>
　A hard<br/>
metallic sound and a scene is unfolding in front of him.<br/>
Ronius trembled as he felt like falling to the ground, but he tightened his<br/>
grip on the sword even more.<br/>
"Wha, Why ...!?"<br/>
 "I’m surprised. I will praise you."<br/>
"Why are you!?"<br/>
"—the holy knight sword with the divine blessing? Why I'm able to use it?<br/>
Is that it? "<br/>
　All<br/>
her tentacles were sealed, the witch of the disaster was cornered.<br/>
　But<br/>
she picked up Verdel's sword lying on the ground and overcame Ronius's attack.<br/>
An evil being cannot use the weapons of a blessed Holy Knight.<br/>
　This<br/>
is a common sense and unchanging fact that is generally believed in the Holy<br/>
Kingdom.<br/>
　However,<br/>
Verdel's holy knight's sword in the girl's hand as if such common<br/>
sense is meaningless.<br/>
The girl was laughing while swinging her sword in a circular motion.<br/>
The movements resembled those of Verdel's holy knight she saw in this battle.<br/>
"I took the ability of the holy knight who was lying there dead. The<br/>
results of his years of training, the skills he had been honing I absorbed when<br/>
I killed him"<br/>
Impossible! Ronius was overwhelmed by these thoughts.<br/>
Taking away one's abilities was absurd, let alone absorbing one's sacred<br/>
skills.<br/>
Seized and imitated by evil creatures.<br/>
What is justice? If the majesty of a god is so easily tainted, Ronius could<br/>
only tremble.<br/>
Realizing that the more the witch kills, the stronger she will be.<br/>
"It seems that the Holy Knight Verdel is a unit that deserves to be a<br/>
hero. Maybe he was born under a fate star to achieve something great. But he<br/>
died because of your short temper."<br/>
He could hear the screams of the mercenaries who had failed to escape.<br/>
　All<br/>
that remained was Ronius, who stood stunned, the reason why he was the only one<br/>
left was clear.<br/>
　It is<br/>
a stain on his pride.<br/>
　As a<br/>
holy knight, pride is everything.<br/>
“His feelings can be felt along with his Holy Sword Technique. 'What will<br/>
happen to Ronius if I’m dead here?<br/>
What will happen to his family, his wife Marsha and daughter Meena?　<br/>
The mercenary group has a family too.<br/>
What will happen to them?　<br/>
He can't die. He cannot die.--He is a fearless, very noble man.”<br/>
“Impossible! That’s impossible!”<br/>
Ronius shouted without a care in the world.<br/>
　It was<br/>
indeed the name of his beloved wife and child.<br/>
　His<br/>
beloved wife and daughter. Once, he had told Verdel.<br/>
Ronius, in his heart, looked down on Verdel as a rude man and unworthy to be a<br/>
holy knight. It turned out that Verdel really cared about them, how noble a<br/>
soul he was.<br/>
　Ronius<br/>
cried out pitifully, half in tears.<br/>
To the the grief of a great man's soul and memory, a man's noble pride, stolen<br/>
by the evil in front of him and now being consumed by it.<br/>
“What are you thinking about now?　What<br/>
do you think, little man, about a man who has the dignity and strength, and<br/>
above all, the nobility of a senior knight?”<br/>
“The mercenary who escaped will surely tell our country about this and send us<br/>
a holy army to defeat you... His will never be extinguished!”<br/>
Their operation had been halfway successful.<br/>
　The<br/>
witch's tentacles had come around to attack the fleeing mercenaries. Still,<br/>
they hadn't been able to kill all the dozens of people running in all<br/>
directions.<br/>
　He<br/>
doesn't know how many, but one of them would escape that Mad tentacle fang.<br/>
　He is<br/>
sure that that person will be the one to alert the authorities about this<br/>
tragedy... Ronius was sure of it.<br/>
“Aa, about that? –- It will fine with this.”<br/>
Dosh!　And<br/>
then there was a loud sound, and the tentacles were thrusted into the<br/>
ground again.<br/>
　At the<br/>
same time, something that sounded like a scream could be heard from a distance.<br/>
　He<br/>
looked around hurriedly, but there was no sign of the fleeing mercenary.<br/>
　However,<br/>
the way she speaks and her actions make Ronius face pale as he arrived to the<br/>
answer of what has just been done.<br/>
"...What? No, no way.<br/>
“Huh?　Did<br/>
I mention that I can't reach that distance?　I never say<br/>
that, did I?”<br/>
She could still carry out attacks beyond her line of sight.<br/>
Realizing that all hope has been crushed, Ronius holds his sword with a<br/>
trembling hand.<br/>
''Well, come on?　I will deal with you with the sword of the<br/>
holy knight Verdel, whom you have dismissed as unworthy.<br/>
　Her circular<br/>
motion was indeed Verdel's technique.<br/>
= Message =============<br/>
Sludge Atou gained the following abilities by defeating the unit.<br/>
《Holy<br/>
sword technique》<br/>
・<br/>
Blessed swords can be equipped<br/>
・ The following<br/>
abilities are obtained when the sword is equipped:<br/>
1.2 times Attack power against evil attribute units<br/>
1.2 times Defense power against evil attribute units ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Message from Lupus-Sensei : Thank you for all the Like and comments.If you like my Isekai Apocalypse<br/>
Mynoghra translation, then please support the series. <br/>
Any donation is greatly appreciated,<br/>
and the donor name will be mentioned in the credit post each month.You can make a one-time donation<br/>
(using Paypal or Ko-Fi) or a monthly donation (using **Patreon). for more detail just click Support/Donation page   <br/>
