[Isekai Apocalypse Mynoghra v1c14](https://isekaimynoghra.blogspot.com/2020/09/c1e14.html)
<br/><br/>
Between the construction site of<br/>
the royal palace and the dark elves' residential area is a simple ceremonial place made by cutting down trees.<br/>
Even though in truth, it was just<br/>
a place where Atou forcibly uprooted trees from their roots with her physical<br/>
strength.<br/>
After the ground was leveled and<br/>
the boulders were arranged there, that place became<br/>
one of Mynoghra's essential strategic facilities.<br/>
“Takuto-sama, the preparations are complete. The food is in exactly the right quantities.”<br/>
“I see, thanks, Atou.”<br/>
A large amount of food was piled up in the center of the ritual site.<br/>
Although it was basically a horrific mass of meat from the Tree of Human Flesh, some new<br/>
farmland crops could also be seen.<br/>
Takuto walked up to those piles and gently held his palm up to them.<br/>
Instantly, the food distorted from the center and began to pulsate strangely, as if it<br/>
were condensing in the center!<br/>
The food became a lump while twitching and twitching.<br/>
It changed color; it changed shape, and now it was a piece of meat.<br/>
At the same time, a gush of pale-colored magic ran from Takuto’s palm.<br/>
They flowed linearly, intertwining into a mass of flesh, agitating each other in<br/>
circles, and forming more shapes.<br/>
Something was born. Watching the scene, which was clearly the pulse of life, Atou<br/>
watched the work that Takuto was doing with impressed eyes.<br/>
Eventually, the pale light<br/>
emitted by the magic power stopped, and something was born on the ground.<br/>
“Gieeeee!” there was a familiar voice. It turned out that what appeared was a Long Leg Bug, the surveillance unit of Mynoghra.<br/>
“Thank you for your efforts,<br/>
Takuto-sama. It's a pleasure to see that you have successfully created a new<br/>
unit.”<br/>
“Yeah, yeah. I'm glad it worked<br/>
out. I was worried about getting it wrong.”<br/>
Takuto patted his chest with a relieved expression, and Atou ran up to him with a pat on the back as if she's worried about him.<br/>
The unit production was done as<br/>
an experiment because the foundation of Mynoghra as a nation was finally<br/>
solidified, and production capacity increased. <br/>
He was a little nervous because<br/>
everything was new to him. Still, the guidance of a mysterious memory in his mind<br/>
allowed him to complete creating<br/>
a new unit without much<br/>
trouble.<br/>
“In the previous game, I didn't know about it, but it turns out we can produce units this way.<br/>
It's very interesting.”<br/>
“Yes, I also didn't expect unit production to be done by simply gathering food,<br/>
the necessary resources, and channeling magic power... What kind of system is this?”<br/>
Takuto died in the real world and<br/>
was reborn in this world as the leader of Eternal Nations.<br/>
In this world, there are supposed<br/>
to be differences in many aspects. Takuto can act in the<br/>
same way as the game system without any problems because of the strange<br/>
information that comes to his mind.<br/>
For some reason, the information<br/>
that comes after pondering a question was called “Eterpedia.” Eterpedia was the help function in the game Eternal Nations.<br/>
The same thing was applying for the unit production experiment just now.<br/>
In the game, all you had to do<br/>
was select the units you needed from the list and click on the production icon,<br/>
but in this world, it seemed that a particular ritual is<br/>
required.<br/>
Even though the rituals are<br/>
listed from one to ten, why was the system the way it was? Why did we come to this world in the first place? None of that<br/>
information is listed - in other words, the system is limited.<br/>
“Is that so? In other words, a<br/>
lot of thought and research will be needed in the future,<br/>
including demonstrations and experiments...”<br/>
“Yes. It seems so, Atou… Okay, then, newly<br/>
born Long Leg Bug, I<br/>
hope you can cooperate with your other partner and investigate the outer forest<br/>
from now on.”<br/>
“Giiiii!”<br/>
As usual, the long-leg bug<br/>
quickly disappeared into the forest's depths,<br/>
emitting a nervous whine. While looking at the figure, Atou asked a series of questions to guess why Takuto created another bug even though he already had one this time.<br/>
“By the way, Takuto-sama. This<br/>
time we produced a Long Leg Bug, but what if we can a group at the same time and not just one<br/>
unit?”<br/>
“This one was listed in my brain<br/>
Eterpedia, but it seems that for group units, you need a base population. For<br/>
example, if you want to make a cavalry unit, each unit would need a thousand horses, 1,000 volunteer soldiers, other<br/>
resources and magic power for equipment, and training time. In addition to<br/>
that, you'd need a lot of food every month<br/>
to maintain it.”<br/>
“I knew it, but there's something<br/>
wrong with the balance. Or was it because the individual units<br/>
are too useful? After all, it's currently better to solidify our force with a<br/>
small elite group of heroes, isn't it? Ah, I see! So that's why you chose the Long Leg Bug!”<br/>
“Yeah, the Long Leg Bug can be upgraded to a Head-Cutter through Technological Development. This would make them<br/>
slightly inferior to the cavalrymen I mentioned earlier in terms of combat<br/>
power, but as far as cost effectiveness goes, it's the best.”<br/>
Some units, including Long Leg<br/>
Bugs, can be upgraded.<br/>
This is a way to rebuild a unit<br/>
into something more powerful by acquiring new technology and resources. With<br/>
the lifting of the ban on technology the upgradeable unit like Long Leg Bug, it<br/>
can be upgraded twice. <br/>
Of course, each unit is an<br/>
individual unit, so the cost also remains low. Plus, it was an insect-based<br/>
unit. Atou's eyes sparkled as<br/>
she thought about the strategy that came into view when she combined that information.<br/>
“Oh!　Then that means... I see it now, My King!　That means the next Hero to be produced will be....”<br/>
“I was wondering about a lot of<br/>
things, but I thought I would call ‘Isla, The Queen of Insects.”<br/>
“So Isla is your choice! Moreover,<br/>
she was the most cheat-like character!”<br/>
Isla, The Queen of Insects' --.<br/>
She was the pride of Mynoghra's heroic unit, an insect-type Hero with robust characteristics.<br/>
One of them was the permanent enhancement of all insect-based units.<br/>
It had an unbelievable enhancement value of +2, and it was effective without any disadvantages.<br/>
It can turn the scouting unit,<br/>
the Long Leg Bug, into a top-notch fighting unit. She was an excellent weapon not only during the beginning<br/>
of the game but also at the endgame.<br/>
It also gave a bonus to several other insect-based units, so its benefits are<br/>
immeasurable.<br/>
In fact, in Eternal Nations, most<br/>
players who choose to use Mynoghra will summon Isla instead of Atou in their<br/>
first move.<br/>
This allowed the Hero to have a playstyle that was powerful and consistent with the<br/>
characteristics of Mynoghra.<br/>
In addition to strengthening<br/>
insect-based units, Isla can also create a variety of Bug Child units.<br/>
Although the body's fighting<br/>
ability itself was not very high, the Insect<br/>
Bearer skill was still mighty, as it could be used for both warfare and domestic politics.<br/>
“Excellent choice Takuto-sama!　This will solve our labor problems!”<br/>
Although Bug Childs are inefficient, they can cultivate and produce land as a replacement for<br/>
workers.<br/>
The activation of the Insect Bearer and the maintenance of the hatchlings requires a<br/>
large amount of food. Still, the fact that workers can be produced without waiting for the nation's<br/>
population to grow is a plus in the long run. <br/>
In previous games, Takuto rarely<br/>
used Isla, but she was classified as the best hero to summon at this time.<br/>
There are other Heroes, but they were too picky and difficult to<br/>
use.<br/>
As he pondered the characteristics<br/>
of the multiple Heroes that existed while digging<br/>
through his memories, Atou applauded Takuto's choice with both hands.<br/>
Takuto also nodded with satisfaction after being able to get an approval from Atou.<br/>
It was still morning. Takuto, who had been experimenting since early in the<br/>
morning because he was worried about causing trouble, returned to the royal palace to have a<br/>
leisurely breakfast with Atou.<br/>
Atou, who has been busy handling<br/>
various domestic matters lately, was happy to have the time alone<br/>
with her king. As she followed along, it looked so obvious that her mood wass upbeat.<br/>
---<br/>
“Now that we've eaten breakfast,<br/>
we can start gathering information about the area. I've already collected most<br/>
of the information about the area, but I'm going to put the scouts on basic<br/>
alert when I'm done. It's not like we're going to attack another country, we want<br/>
to discuss that with them.”<br/>
“Vigilance -- about the human city in the vicinity of the forest. There is no reason to<br/>
be alarmed, but I think we should pay close<br/>
attention to them, My King.”<br/>
“Holy Kingdom Qualia, right?　It's not exactly a city, right?”<br/>
“No, this is different.  The city with neutral attributes is located far east of the forest. It has some detached land, and<br/>
it's not clear why they even bothered to build a city in such a place, but the<br/>
problem is its location. The<br/>
may be the first to notice about our<br/>
presence.”<br/>
Despite his strange body and cries, The first Long Leg Bug they created upon coming to this world had done an excellent job. <br/>
The Daijukai, which was deep and unknown in size, had been thoroughly investigated. The investigation<br/>
was now extending to the outer edge of the forest.<br/>
The human city they discovered in the process is the one currently being discussed.<br/>
The dark elves didn't seem to<br/>
know about it, and it seemed like the city was relatively new, but the problem<br/>
was the distance.<br/>
This is the most critical issue<br/>
for Takuto and his Kingdom. They used stealth tactics, as the risk of their existence being found increases.<br/>
“It's just that there are many<br/>
neutral attributes on this continent, that is information that calms them down a little. It would be better if we could<br/>
understand the purpose of the city's existence and could find out more<br/>
information, but we better postpone it for now.”<br/>
“Fortunately, the people in the<br/>
area seem afraid of this forest and don't dare to approach it. But I would<br/>
still order the Long Leg Bugs to carefully gather information<br/>
so they won't notice.”<br/>
Takuto nodded and took it as<br/>
approval.<br/>
Before they knew it, the two of<br/>
them had returned to the royal palace.<br/>
Many materials have been brought<br/>
into the planned site for the construction of the royal palace. The<br/>
preparations also are being made steadily.<br/>
By the scale, the building is<br/>
better described as a large mansion rather than a royal palace. The number of<br/>
dark elves is still not that large, so the manpower available to build it is<br/>
limited. Anyway, it will be made in a unique architectural style, and it will<br/>
be a marvelous thing.<br/>
Eventually, they will grow this<br/>
city into a vast city worthy of being a royal capital. The royal palace itself<br/>
will reach the sky.<br/>
Takuto sits on his favorite<br/>
throne dreaming of seeing his country's view from the balcony of the top floor<br/>
of the royal palace. <br/>
''On the contrary. Since we've<br/>
been so careful to hide our presence here, if anyone comes near this forest,<br/>
there's a high probability that they have some kind of plan...”<br/>
“That's right.”<br/>
“I'm not sure if they realized it or not. Although it has been months, the<br/>
dark elf pursuers had never appeared, it seems that they won’t come anymore. At some point, I think the dark<br/>
elves will be fine!”<br/>
Loudly, he knocked on the throne’s armrest and cheerfully asked Atou to agree.<br/>
Pleased by her own King's carefree attitude, she replied to Takuto's words with<br/>
laughter and a light tone.<br/>
“Takuto-sama really likes to joke,<br/>
if you blatantly say it<br/>
like that, you’ll set a flag!”<br/>
“As if it's that easy to set the flag. Atou must be worried ... HAHAHA”<br/>
However,<br/>
In an instant, the expression of<br/>
joy disappeared from Takuto's face.<br/>
“...? What’s wrong?”<br/>
“…Looks like they’re really coming.”<br/>
The joy also disappeared from Atou's face, and instead, a<br/>
bottomlessly cold expression appeared on her<br/>
face.<br/>
“A group of armed men came<br/>
towards this forest.”<br/>
The Long Leg Bug was urgently notifying information about the armed<br/>
group. Takuto remembered the words they just mentioned. He understood their meaning, and his anger was instantly ignited.<br/>
If the dark elves saw those<br/>
hunters now, fear and horror would surely haunt their minds.<br/>
Even though they only lived quietly and peacefully.<br/>
There will definitely be<br/>
conflict.<br/>
There is no such law anywhere in<br/>
the world that ensured the safety of pacifists.<br/>
The time for Mynoghra to meet<br/>
those who represent Goodness will soon come.<br/>
=Eterpedia = = = = = = = = = = =<br/>
= = = = =.<br/>
[Isla, Queen of All insect]<br/>
Combat Unit<br/>
Combat Power: 10 <br/>
Movement Power: 1 <br/>
《Evil》 《Hero》 《Childbirth》<br/>
※This unit increases the combat value of all<br/>
insect-based units in the world by +2.<br/>
※Any insect-based unit that encounters this unit is<br/>
immediately placed under the nation's control that Isla belongs to.<br/>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
\~\~ All the insects in the world<br/>
are born from it and will fill the world.<br/>
The young children will be<br/>
quietly waiting for orders from their mother, Isla \~\~.<br/>
Isla is a heroic unit of<br/>
Mynoghra.<br/>
The unit features the enhancement<br/>
of all insect-based units and the production of insect units called “Bug Children”.<br/>
Insects are characterized by their weak fighting power without leveling up. However, they can be used for labor acts such as land<br/>
reclamation, farming, and mining.<br/>
It is possible to carry out<br/>
overrun and disturbance operations against the enemy's land using many insects.<br/>
Still, it is also possible to enhance production capacity.---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Message from Lupus-Sensei : Thank you for all the Like and comments.If you like my Isekai Apocalypse<br/>
Mynoghra translation, then please support the series. <br/>
Any donation is greatly appreciated,<br/>
and the donor name will be mentioned in the credit post each month.You can make a one-time donation<br/>
(using Paypal or Ko-Fi) or a monthly donation (using **Patreon). for more detail just click Support/Donation page   <br/>
Proofread by: Shinigami Nanashi <br/>
