[Isekai Apocalypse Mynoghra v2c21](https://www.lupus-sensei.com/2020/09/c2e21.html)
<br/><br/>
　The<br/>
twin girls. The younger Sister Cearia and the older Sister Mearia.<br/>
　Atou<br/>
tilts her head slightly at their different looks, even though she is a monster<br/>
that defies logic.<br/>
Without<br/>
hesitation, she asks about the girls' situation.<br/>
“What<br/>
the cause of your scar?”<br/>
“It<br/>
is a disease.”<br/>
“Oh,<br/>
you poor thing.”<br/>
"Your<br/>
majesty ......, this suits Cearia.”<br/>
　Her<br/>
Sister's Cearia just tells Takuto one word, then she fell silent. <br/>
　Takuto<br/>
doesn't seem to want to hear any more about it, either.<br/>
　Elder<br/>
Mortar explained that the burns were the result of the plague.<br/>
Apparently,<br/>
even now that she's healed completely, the scar still remains.<br/>
　Whatever<br/>
the reason, Atou decided that it would not be a good idea to dig up too much<br/>
just to find out what it is, and that's the end of it on this matter.<br/>
　If<br/>
it didn't affect the king, she wouldn't care.<br/>
“What<br/>
happened to your sister?”<br/>
“She's<br/>
the most beautiful, perfect, ideal sister in the world, but she’s going through<br/>
a hard time and closed her heart.”<br/>
“I<br/>
ate my mother.”<br/>
"Mortar?"<br/>
　A<br/>
stare shot straight to Elder Mortar.<br/>
　What<br/>
did her sister mean with those words?　That’s<br/>
what the question is.<br/>
　However,<br/>
the questioning stare is only for confirmation. As Atou had already guessed<br/>
what happened from their situation...<br/>
“It<br/>
was a hard decision. Their mother was truly a proud one. Our family has never<br/>
forgotten her sacrifice......”<br/>
The<br/>
dark elves could not stand the hunger and ate their comrades.<br/>
　They<br/>
were driven from their homeland. Their long journey forced some of them to make<br/>
extreme choices. <br/>
　Atou<br/>
was not in a position to judge what that decision was, and she was not interested<br/>
in finding out more.<br/>
　But<br/>
it was awful and painful to them, and it was easy to see that it was a tough<br/>
choice.<br/>
Also,<br/>
the two girls' life-sustaining sacrifice caused lasting scars that cannot be<br/>
wiped away. ......<br/>
……<br/>
Atou finally understood why Elder Mortal was reluctant to introduce them.<br/>
Judging<br/>
from their backgrounds, it wasn't bad, but it was still not a good idea to<br/>
recommend them as the king's maidservants.<br/>
The<br/>
old man is also suffering because of this problem.<br/>
　Atou<br/>
has a headache.<br/>
　Although<br/>
the king will make the final decision, she has full authority over them for<br/>
now.<br/>
　While<br/>
there was a risk that the maid would be seen as the king's representation,<br/>
their appearance is a little unpleasant.<br/>
However,<br/>
their fearlessness and boldness were appealing... <br/>
"King,<br/>
pure white ..."<br/>
Suddenly,<br/>
before Atou noticed, one of the girls-older Sister Mearia approached Takuto's<br/>
side. <br/>
Mearia<br/>
is staring at Takuto with her round eyes. <br/>
Takuto<br/>
seems not surprised, and that answered her question.<br/>
“It's<br/>
called a hospital gown.”<br/>
“Hospital?”<br/>
“Yes,<br/>
that’s right. Do you know?”<br/>
“I<br/>
don't know.”<br/>
The<br/>
clothes Takuto was wearing right now were the hospital clothes he usually wore.<br/>
Takuto<br/>
is also wearing several accessories even though it not a good match. His<br/>
appearance dressed all in white was indeed unusual.<br/>
　The<br/>
girl nodded in as if she was interested in the white outfit, and intently<br/>
staring at it.<br/>
　Takuto,<br/>
perhaps feeling familiar with the situation, he kindly smiles and gently pats Mearia's<br/>
head.<br/>
"Mearia-chan,<br/>
would you take care of me?"<br/>
"Yes,<br/>
I will take care of the king."<br/>
"Oh,<br/>
the king, the king is having a conversation with a little girl!!"<br/>
Atou<br/>
realized that the conflict within her mind has disappeared at this moment.<br/>
Her<br/>
judgment was correct.<br/>
If<br/>
the opponent is a little girl, her king can talk properly!<br/>
　If<br/>
Takuto continues his rehabilitation at this rate, he'll eventually be cured of communication<br/>
disorder sickness!<br/>
　She<br/>
had already decided to adopt these twins in her mind.<br/>
　For<br/>
better or worse, she was more concerned with practical benefits and had no<br/>
interest in their personality. <br/>
"Are<br/>
you not scared?"<br/>
Takuto's<br/>
interest shifted from Mearia, who was still chewing the hem his white gown,<br/>
towards her Sister Cearia.<br/>
For<br/>
a moment, her little sister was shocked and looked scared.<br/>
Unlike<br/>
her older sister, she seemed to be a little scared of Takuto.<br/>
Her<br/>
reaction is natural. On the other hand, Takuto was impressed by her effort to<br/>
stay strong even when she felt scared.<br/>
"As<br/>
her younger Sister, Cearia have a duty to always be with my sister. If elder<br/>
Sister wants to do that, Cearia will follow her. "<br/>
"That's<br/>
great, that's great .... Then can you come too?"<br/>
"Yes,<br/>
please leave it to me!"<br/>
With<br/>
this, it was decided that the two girls became Takuto's maidservants.<br/>
Elder<br/>
Mortal and Warrior chief Gia's also felt relieved and told the two girls to<br/>
work hard.<br/>
"The<br/>
king's approval has been granted. Let's have them work as our king's<br/>
maidservant from now on."<br/>
Everything<br/>
went well, and Atou is happy.<br/>
And<br/>
Takuto, who is almost suspected as lolicon at one point, shows relief that he<br/>
has successfully escaped from the crisis.<br/>
The<br/>
royal palace that previously felt lonely for Takuto and Atou would become more<br/>
beautiful and cheerful.<br/>
◇　　　◇　　　◇<br/>
Now,<br/>
let's talk about what happened after that.<br/>
　With<br/>
two maidservants in the palace, Takuto's life should have been more<br/>
comfortable.<br/>
　But<br/>
what is the reality? Takuto's life has become even more troubled than before.<br/>
"Your<br/>
majesty, your drink."<br/>
"Thank<br/>
you."<br/>
"I<br/>
spilled it"<br/>
"Don,<br/>
don't mind."<br/>
Takuto's<br/>
clothes were wet and stained.<br/>
This<br/>
is Mearia's carelessness. Takuto was surprised at first, but it always<br/>
happened, so he got used to it.<br/>
However,<br/>
reality cannot be changed. Thanks to that mistake, the beautiful white patient<br/>
gown is full of stains.<br/>
However,<br/>
Takuto doesn't mind. He wanted them to do their best, and above all, he<br/>
couldn't get angry just because of children's mistakes.<br/>
 Besides,<br/>
"Oh,<br/>
Your majesty! I'll wipe your clothes!"<br/>
"Thank<br/>
you."<br/>
Her<br/>
Sister Cearia is always with her and tries her best to follow up for her<br/>
shortcomings.<br/>
The<br/>
younger sister seems really love her older Sister Mearia.<br/>
She<br/>
works many times more than her sister and is actively try to cover her sister's<br/>
mistake.<br/>
　Despite<br/>
this, she still seemed to feel the same fear of Takuto.<br/>
　Therefore,<br/>
Takuto was unsure of how to behave.<br/>
　That's<br/>
why this kind of weird incident has become a part of his daily routine.<br/>
Takuto,<br/>
who was being taken care of by those girls from a distance, looked like a<br/>
miserable big brother.<br/>
In<br/>
fact, he was in a very annoying situation.<br/>
　But<br/>
that day was different.<br/>
　Usually,<br/>
Mearia would go out to play with her sister after work, but<br/>
Mysteriously<br/>
she is staring into Takuto's eyes. <br/>
"Your<br/>
Majesty.”<br/>
“What?”<br/>
"Your<br/>
majesty, are you a bad person?”<br/>
“Well,<br/>
my attribute is evil.”<br/>
　Takuto<br/>
has come to this world as the leader of the Mynoghra.<br/>
　Therefore,<br/>
his attribute is evil.<br/>
　Of<br/>
course, since they are also a citizen of Mynoghra, their attribute is evil.<br/>
Takuto wondering what’s wrong with that. He still can’t understand the<br/>
intention of that question.<br/>
"Why<br/>
don't you kill?"<br/>
"Who?"<br/>
"Us"<br/>
"Eh?"<br/>
"E,<br/>
*eeto your majesty. My sister is asking why the great king is merciful to<br/>
children like us."<br/>
Hmmm!<br/>
Takuto folded his arms and thought about it.<br/>
He<br/>
is not being merciful.<br/>
They<br/>
are his vassals, and also still children.<br/>
He<br/>
didn't intend to punish them, even if it was necessary to scold them at times.<br/>
Killing<br/>
is a barbaric action.<br/>
Are<br/>
they that scared? While thinking of that, Takuto tried to answer the previous<br/>
question in a soft voice.<br/>
"Because<br/>
you take care of me?"<br/>
"Mmm!"<br/>
"My<br/>
older sister is upset because even though the king is a bad person, but the<br/>
king is being kind to us..."<br/>
"Eh<br/>
..."<br/>
Mearia<br/>
is upset.<br/>
Looks<br/>
like she's annoyed and sulking.<br/>
Takuto<br/>
was confused even though he thought her act is cute.<br/>
However,<br/>
because he somehow understood what she was trying to say, he softly spoke to<br/>
remind them.<br/>
Takuto<br/>
thought maybe they were still confused by their change in attributes.<br/>
“I'll<br/>
tell you one good story. Listen carefully.”<br/>
　The<br/>
twin's honest and adorable replies were directed at Takuto.<br/>
"A<br/>
good person should only do what is right. Murder is out of the question."<br/>
“Yeah.”<br/>
“Yes,<br/>
of course.”<br/>
“Then<br/>
who's the bad guy?　What do you think bad people<br/>
should do?”<br/>
“He<br/>
mustn't do anything but bad things.”<br/>
“Do<br/>
a terrible, terrible crime!”<br/>
"That's<br/>
inhuman!"<br/>
　Naturally,<br/>
the two girls reply to his words. <br/>
　It's<br/>
just as Takuto had expected. And their answer is fixed.<br/>
"That's<br/>
not right. A bad person can do whatever he wants."<br/>
At<br/>
that moment, the eyes of the two are wide open, revealing their surprise.<br/>
Their<br/>
adorable attitude made Takuto smile, so as not to deviate from the topic, he<br/>
continued his story.<br/>
"He<br/>
can do good things, He can do bad things. He can do anything or do nothing. Bad<br/>
people are very selfish and free. He trusts what he thinks is right, he won't<br/>
listen to other people's opinions, and never turn around. That is the real bad<br/>
person."<br/>
"So,<br/>
it's okay for me to be nice to you two!" <br/>
And<br/>
Takuto showed a funny wink.<br/>
“It's<br/>
not fair!”<br/>
“Of<br/>
course. Because he is a bad person.”<br/>
"Will<br/>
he be punished someday?”<br/>
“No,<br/>
the bad person will first kill all the good people who are supposed to do the<br/>
punishment, he is that kind of character.”<br/>
“EEEE!!”<br/>
While<br/>
laughing at his own, Takuto fluently talks to explain his theory.<br/>
　In<br/>
the midst of it all, he suddenly realized something.<br/>
　If<br/>
his guess is correct, then it can explain the true meaning of Mearia's earlier<br/>
question.<br/>
　In<br/>
other words, that’s.......<br/>
"The<br/>
mistakes you've made so far were intentional, weren't they?"<br/>
　The<br/>
older Sister Mearia nodded with clear eyes, and her Sister's Cearia trembled as<br/>
if she was frightened.<br/>
　Look<br/>
at that attitude, Takuto confirmed his speculation.<br/>
''I<br/>
see......."<br/>
　Takuto<br/>
finally comes to an answer.<br/>
　She...,<br/>
they want to die.<br/>
　He<br/>
already knows that the dark elves have gone cannibalistic because of their<br/>
hunger in the previous explanation.<br/>
And also know about their mother's sacrifice.<br/>
　Takuto<br/>
doesn't understand the love of family, but he understands that their mother<br/>
tried to help them with her love.<br/>
　But<br/>
whether or not they wanted that fate is a different story.<br/>
　He<br/>
sure they didn't want the future to be like this.<br/>
"Cearia<br/>
and ... my sister ..."<br/>
"Should<br/>
have died."<br/>
Cearia<br/>
continued her older sister's words. Her words were so rational that people<br/>
wouldn't think that her heart was broken.　<br/>
No,<br/>
maybe her heart isn't broken.<br/>
However,<br/>
the curse on her painted everything black. <br/>
Only<br/>
emotion like a baby will appear on the surface. There was something that made<br/>
people feel so vague.<br/>
"But,<br/>
are you scared to die?"<br/>
　They<br/>
gave a small nod as a reply.<br/>
　They<br/>
were unable to forgive themselves for surviving by sacrificing their mother's<br/>
life ... they wanted to die so much, but they also feel scared for death.<br/>
　They<br/>
beg for someone to kill them, and they just hurt themselves by destroying their<br/>
hearts out of desperation.<br/>
　They<br/>
thought that if they did something that would provoke the king's wrath, and he<br/>
would surely kill them.<br/>
They<br/>
live day by day in search of salvation in death.<br/>
The<br/>
two girls continued contradicting themselves.<br/>
　Takuto<br/>
quietly waves to them and calls them to get closer.<br/>
　Sensing<br/>
the unconcealed cry of sadness in their eyes.<br/>
He<br/>
desperately searches for the words to somehow help these two innocent and<br/>
kind-hearted girls.<br/>
"You<br/>
girls are here for a reason. Because there is a person who has given her life.<br/>
You who knows that person? "<br/>
"It's<br/>
sad ..."<br/>
"It's<br/>
too painful."<br/>
(Oh,<br/>
what beloved children they are.)<br/>
　For<br/>
some reason, Takuto felt touched.<br/>
　What<br/>
a touching and beautiful love, he thought.<br/>
　Takuto<br/>
had never received any love from his family. That's why he doesn't really<br/>
understand about family love.<br/>
Even<br/>
so, it was easy to see that these girls and their mother had a strong bond with<br/>
each other.<br/>
This<br/>
love will be lost if this continues.<br/>
Eventually,<br/>
their hearts would be shattered, and they would really break.<br/>
For<br/>
some reason, it seemed very painful for Takuto that wonderful love may disappear<br/>
because of crap, such as ethics and common sense.<br/>
"...<br/>
What did your mom say?"<br/>
"Live<br/>
on ...”<br/>
Takuto<br/>
thinks it was a natural word.<br/>
If<br/>
he thinks about the love that existed between them, it is natural for the<br/>
mother to tell them so.<br/>
Therefore,<br/>
he listens to their words sincerely and gives them encouragement words with<br/>
hope to reach their souls.<br/>
"Bad<br/>
things are not always wrong. Your mother, and you girls, did the right thing.<br/>
Feel Proud, you are here because your mom's love has won over your<br/>
destiny."<br/>
Those<br/>
words made them feel something absolute.<br/>
A<br/>
unique atmosphere and majestic aura come from that person wearing an evil<br/>
leader's mask.<br/>
The<br/>
two girls were swallowed up by those words and felt like their souls had been<br/>
lost.<br/>
It<br/>
feels like their ego collapses as it is surrounded by a massive entity outside<br/>
their mind scope.<br/>
It<br/>
was a horrifying but also incredibly sweet experience.<br/>
The<br/>
great king has erased their heart-wrenching self-punishment.<br/>
After<br/>
common sense, ethics, anxiety, and loss disappeared, the only thing left is<br/>
their mother's love.<br/>
"Your<br/>
Majesty, we ..."<br/>
"What<br/>
should we do?"<br/>
Two<br/>
girls start to shed tears.<br/>
Maybe<br/>
because their worries had cleared up or because they are finally able to feel<br/>
their mother's love.<br/>
The<br/>
two girls just keep crying.<br/>
Takuto<br/>
never knew, but... it was the first tears they spilled after they lost their<br/>
mother.<br/>
"You<br/>
can live as you like. To answer your mother's love. So that your mom can be<br/>
proud." <br/>
Innocent<br/>
eyes shoot through Takuto.<br/>
Takuto<br/>
didn't know if there was any change inside their heart.<br/>
However,<br/>
he understands that their facial expression has changed a little, and they feel<br/>
relieved.<br/>
In<br/>
this way, the king's words have encouraged them, and the two girls were saved a<br/>
little.<br/>
　………<br/>
　……<br/>
　…<br/>
"Takuto-sama!<br/>
The investigation is over!"<br/>
"Welcome<br/>
back……"<br/>
"Mmm?<br/>
What's wrong?"<br/>
"We<br/>
became friends."<br/>
After<br/>
finishing the miscellaneous things and returning to the royal palace, Atou<br/>
frowned at the king's appearance. <br/>
There<br/>
was nothing wrong with it.<br/>
No,<br/>
is it a big problem for her?<br/>
Takuto<br/>
is sitting on the throne while the two girls are supposed to be the maids,<br/>
seated on both sides, and sleeping with a happy expression.<br/>
"Don’t,<br/>
don’t tell me you have done anything indecent?"<br/>
Unconsciously,<br/>
inappropriate words came out of Atou's mouth.<br/>
Atou<br/>
almost shouted, "You should only do indecent things to me!". But<br/>
because she didn't know what Takuto would think of her. so she finally locked<br/>
her mouth and gritted her teeth.<br/>
Atou<br/>
is staring at Takuto sharply as if she is blaming him. She innocently felt<br/>
jealous.<br/>
"I<br/>
didn't do anything! More importantly, the report! The report!"<br/>
"Oops,<br/>
my apologies. We've been investigating a nearby town since the other day. The<br/>
details have come out. --a multi-ethnic neutral nation with humans as majority<br/>
population called the Fawncaven."<br/>
"Multi-ethnic,<br/>
hmm?” ......<br/>
　Secret<br/>
investigations into the nearest city to Mynoghra had been carried out for some<br/>
time.<br/>
　It<br/>
was Takuto's intention to have a friendly relationship if possible, so he<br/>
gathered information secretly.<br/>
It<br/>
seems that the results have been summarized.<br/>
There<br/>
may be other details, but in general, there is no problem.<br/>
Takuto<br/>
began to strategize for the future. He tilted his head, looking at Atou's<br/>
expression as she said something.<br/>
"What’s<br/>
wrong? What happened?"<br/>
"Apparently,<br/>
there is a dragon vein inside the city."<br/>
"EEE<br/>
..."<br/>
　Takuto's<br/>
eyes narrowed quickly.<br/>
　A<br/>
country with a dragon vein<br/>
 means that country possesses some military<br/>
technology related to magic. <br/>
=<br/>
Eterpedia ＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝<br/>
[Dragon<br/>
vein] Map resources<br/>
To<br/>
be precise, it is called a dragon vein hole, a place where a large amount of<br/>
mana possessed by stars blows out.<br/>
By<br/>
securing mana, various magic units will be able to use powerful tactical magic.<br/>
Also,<br/>
some heroes can become more powerful by securing mana. By gathering more mana<br/>
than other countries will help win the game. ＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝Translation note:*eetoeeto<br/>
 doesn't have meaning. Usually Japanese unconsciously speak this word <br/>
when they starting a conversation or when they wondering how to explain <br/>
something to his opponent. ===========================================================ANNOUCEMENT PRIVILEGE TO READ EARLY Isekai Mynoghra readers who have donated to support the<br/>
 series (through PATREON or KO-FI) will get these privilege : 1. Access to VIP website, no Ads or POP UP.2. More frequent update3. Early update Here what you need to do the get the access :Donate either through Ko-fI or Patreon Email<br/>
 me (lupus.sensei@gmail.com) your Gmail email address and mention your <br/>
Patreon or Ko-fi account that you use to donate. Then I will send an <br/>
invitation email.Once you get the invitation, accept it. Use your Gmail account log in to : https://lupus-sensei.blogspot.com Lupus-Sensei    <br/>
