[Isekai Apocalypse Mynoghra v2c33](https://www.lupus-sensei.com/2021/02/c2e33.html)
<br/><br/>
I tried to make an audiobook for this episode. Please have a look. <br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
 For your information, Mynoghra's raw web novel has reached episode 68. Currently, I have translated 64 episodes.<br/>
I'll take a break from translating Mynoghra and focus on the new web novel, "Infinite Gacha".<br/>
I encourage you to read the first 3 eps (prologue). My feelings told me that it has the potential to be another hidden gem.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
Infinte Gacha - prologue part 1<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Infinte Gacha - prologue part 2<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Infinte Gacha - prologue part 3<br/><br/>
 <br/>
==============<br/>
==============<br/>
==============<br/><br/>
A <br/>
few<br/><br/>
minutes<br/><br/>
have<br/><br/>
passed<br/>
.<br/><br/>
　<br/>
The <br/>
troops<br/><br/>
led<br/><br/>
by<br/><br/>
Ice <br/>
Rock<br/>
, <br/>
the<br/><br/>
Ice <br/>
Shitennou<br/>
, had <br/>
already<br/>
 set <br/>
up<br/><br/>
camp<br/>
 in Dragon <br/>
Town's<br/><br/>
southern<br/><br/>
part<br/>
.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
They were applying pressure with their army.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
There
 was no much resistance, and at best, arrows were shot sporadically at 
demons that came too close, perhaps to intimidate them.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Of course, there was damage to a certain extent, but judged on a military scale, it was just an insect bite.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Ice <br/>
Rock<br/><br/>
saw<br/><br/>
how<br/><br/>
weak<br/><br/>
the<br/><br/>
opponent's<br/><br/>
resistan<br/>
ce<br/><br/>
was<br/>
, <br/>
so<br/>
 he <br/>
judged<br/><br/>
the<br/><br/>
city<br/><br/>
can<br/><br/>
be<br/><br/>
captured<br/><br/>
easily<br/>
, <br/>
then<br/>
 he <br/>
nodded<br/>
 in <br/>
satisfaction<br/>
.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
"<br/>
Hmm<br/>
. I <br/>
was<br/><br/>
wary<br/>
, <br/>
but<br/><br/>
this<br/><br/>
is<br/><br/>
all<br/><br/>
they<br/>
 got? <br/>
No<br/>
, a <br/>
city<br/><br/>
with<br/><br/>
this<br/><br/>
scale<br/>
, <br/>
their resistance is within<br/><br/>
our<br/><br/>
expectation<br/>
..."<br/><br/>
 <br/>
The number of troops mobilized is approximately 5,000.<br/>
 Although the number is not too large, it is perfect as an army<br/>
 because the<br/><br/>
troop<br/>
 is composed of monsters that<br/>
 are stronger than a human being<br/>
.<br/><br/>
Furthermore, the demon beast soldiers under Ice Rock have also been mobilized, and <br/>
they are powerful<br/>
.<br/><br/>
Considering the <br/>
Fawncaven<br/>
 soldier's abilities<br/>
, it seemed like it would be easy to take over the city, even if the city soldiers focused their strength on defense.<br/><br/>
Dragon Town is afraid of losing its soldiers if the war happens in open fields; it's natural for them to be defensive.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
Hey<br/>
 humans. How disappointing. <br/>
Don’t you have the spirit to fight<br/>
?<br/>
”<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Eve<br/>
n so, Ice Rock felt unhappy<br/>
.<br/><br/>
Even though he led the army, he could not boa<br/>
st of his martial arts skill if he managed to take over<br/>
 the city without fighting.<br/><br/>
It was an unsatisfactory result for Ice Rock, who wanted to show his abilities to the Demon Lord.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Is his feeling expressed in his attitude?<br/><br/>
White cold air rushes in from the whole body, and the body squeaks.<br/><br/>
While the demons under his control, especially the intel<br/>
ligent humanoid monsters, keep their<br/>
 distance, one demon came to the Ice Rock side.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
"Ice Rock<br/>
-<br/>
sama<br/>
. The unit is ready."<br/><br/>
 <br/>
"Which monster did you prepare?"<br/><br/>
 <br/>
"It's a unit of "<br/>
Daikonbo<br/>
 (Big Combination)<br/>
"<br/><br/>
and" Orc <br/>
Warrior<br/>
". They <br/>
will break <br/>
the city <br/>
gates <br/>
and let the rest of the monsters invade the city."<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Hill giants and Orcs roared; they went out to the vanguard of the troops.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
In the RPG "Brave Quest"<br/>
, Ice Rock has an army of demons. With <br/>
an earth-shattering voice, he shouts a command to destroy the city.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
“<br/>
Now let's show the humans and all the other fools who follow them what we've got. <br/>
–Now,<br/><br/>
ATTACK<br/>
!<br/>
”<br/><br/>
 <br/>
"<br/>
Ooooooooooooooo<br/>
 !!!<br/>
"<br/><br/>
 <br/>
A scream rises from the demons.<br/><br/>
Their
 scream shakes the earth, echoes far away, and warn all beings that the 
world domination by the great Demon King will begin from this time.<br/><br/>
Yes, it <br/>
will begin<br/>
. From this mome<br/>
nt, their long-cherished desire<br/>
...<br/><br/>
 <br/>
-<br/>
-at<br/>
 that moment.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Suddenly the sky<br/>
 darkened and was covered by <br/>
eerie<br/>
 darkness.<br/><br/>
The blue sky has become an eerie black hue, and the color of the floating clouds<br/>
 have become a toxic purple.<br/><br/>
The land that used to be a wasteland is now smelling like rotten eggs.<br/><br/>
It's like the world had reversed in an instant<br/>
. It didn't take long for the monsters to be confused with a sudden change in their surrounding<br/>
s<br/>
.<br/><br/>
Even the higher-ranking monsters, Ice Rock and his subordinates, ca<br/>
n't hide their surprise<br/>
.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
"What is <br/>
this!<br/>
?"<br/><br/>
 <br/>
"What's <br/>
going on<br/>
!?"<br/><br/>
 <br/>
"What’s happening<br/>
!?"<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Ice rock and intelligent monsters scream and look around and take alert.<br/><br/>
However, there is impatience in their expressions; they wary of abnormalities that just happens.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
"Ice Mage! REPORT<br/>
!"<br/><br/>
 <br/>
"I<br/>
, I don't know! I've never seen such large-scale magic! The whole army is wrapped up!"<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
The demon wizard who <br/>
stands beside <br/>
Ice Rock screams in confusion.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
In his world, magic has<br/>
 always existed as single-target<br/>
 magic.<br/><br/>
He has never seen or heard such <br/>
large scale<br/>
 magic or<br/>
 anything that could affect an<br/><br/>
army<br/>
 or land.<br/><br/>
He couldn't even imagine what effect it would have.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
"Calm down the <br/>
wild <br/>
monsters!"<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Because they<br/>
’re panicked<br/>
, they started to fight with each other.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Finally, Ice Rock gives instructions.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
The monster army is p<br/>
anic. The intelligent demons under their command tried to control the rampaging demons, <br/>
but it was no<br/>
 good.<br/><br/>
Their march <br/>
toward the city has stopped.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Demons are<br/>
 driven by their strong instincts.<br/><br/>
For this reason, they can be<br/>
 controlled to destroy the human race, but on the other side, when they have a depression like this, they're out of control.<br/><br/>
Driven by their strong instincts, they can't resist the fear that comes from their instincts.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
The demons have already been fighting each other, and they have already <br/>
suffer<br/>
ed a lot of casualties.<br/><br/>
Suppose
 this situation continues in the worst-case scenario. In that case, the 
attack will be canceled due to the decline in military strength.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
His <br/>
direct <br/>
subordinates<br/>
,<br/>
 which are not so many<br/>
,<br/>

 desperately trying to control their troops. Ice Rock tried to analyze 
the situation and judged that this phenomenon was done by their<br/>
 enemy<br/>
.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
(... This is weird. "Green Little Demon", "<br/>
Daikonbo<br/>
", and "Orc Warrior" are exhausted. <br/>
But<br/>
, pure devils like us are getting stronger ...)<br/><br/>
 <br/>
It was as if the world had been repainted by the dark forces.<br/><br/>
It
 was similar in nature to their home, the demon world, but it seemed odd
 that the monsters other than the demon race were exhausted.<br/><br/>
The difference between them is only their attribute, evil attributes, and neutral attributes.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Such
 a difference is essential in the "Eternal Nations" game. Still, it was 
nearly impossible for Ice Rock to find the answer. In the first place, 
he doesn't <br/>
even <br/>
know about attributes.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
(Did they use any special magic? But I have never heard or seen large scale magic like this)<br/><br/>
 <br/>
However, it was a fact that their army was seriously damaged.<br/><br/>
Although the demons Ice Rock and his direct subo<br/>
rdinates are getting stronger<br/>
, their number is small.<br/><br/>
They need more demons to destroy the city and eliminate human<br/>
s<br/>
.<br/><br/>
Ice Rock didn't intend to let any of them escape, but now he has to bites his <br/>
own <br/>
lips because thei<br/>
r strategy was completely ruined<br/>
.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
A<br/>
 statement from one of his men adds fuel to the flames of his inner rage.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
"Ice Rock-<br/>
sama<br/>
 ...may, maybe the Hero<br/>
?"<br/><br/>
 <br/>
"Don’<br/>
t<br/>
 speak that name<br/>
!!<br/>
”<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Quiet but angry, Ice<br/>
 R<br/>
ock rebuked his men.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
The Hero - an unpleasant memory arises in his mind.<br/><br/>
An abhorrent existence that always stands in their way.<br/><br/>
The memory of being destroyed once is tormenting Ice Rock.<br/><br/>
He shakes his head to dispel that unpleasant memory.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Their efforts to calm down their confused monsters have paid off.<br/><br/>
The turmoil inside the Demon King army has finally subsided.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
However, their morale has<br/>
 declined.<br/><br/>
Ice<br/>
 R<br/>
ock believes if this continues<br/>
,<br/>
 the attack on Dragon Town will be affected<br/>
. <br/>
So<br/>
 he raises his battle-ax high and declares.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
"<br/>
The Hero<br/>
 is not to be feared!<br/><br/>
No<br/>
,<br/><br/>
no en<br/>
emy will stand in the way of <br/>
Demon King's army!<br/><br/>
No matter wh<br/>
o<br/>
 appears, <br/>
Ice Rock, one of the<br/><br/>
Shitennou<br/>
, <br/>
will surely <br/>
defeat<br/>
 him<br/>
!<br/><br/>
 <br/>
His low and strong voice caught the attention of the demons.<br/><br/>
Ice Rock that remains mighty even in abnormal situations<br/><br/>
At that moment, <br/>
the demons instinctively felt relief and assurance, and then their <br/>
fighting<br/>
 spirits revived.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
''<br/>
Hero--<br/>
hee<br/>
, <br/>
so you're from an RPG after all<br/>
? The <br/>
Shitennou<br/>
, executive class?<br/><br/>
 <br/>
A strange girl is<br/>
 standing there.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
She has dull silver hair, red eyes, and long, stretched ears.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Seeing that t<br/>
he girl <br/>
has <br/>
the characteristics of a demon<br/>
, Ice Rock's eyes widened slightly.<br/><br/>
The reason is there was no sign of her at all, and she suddenly stands there like an illusion.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
While being amazed at the phenomenon<br/>
,<br/>
 Ice Rock quietly ask a question.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
"Hmm? L<br/>
itt<br/>
le girl. You ... are not Hero?" <br/>
Are you a demon<br/>
? Who are you? Where did you come from? Why you're here? And what is <br/>
ARE<br/>
 PEE<br/><br/>
JEE<br/>
?"<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
The wave of darkness that came out from the girl astonishes <br/>
Ice Rock<br/>
.<br/><br/>
　<br/>
The girl clearly didn't look like she belonged here, but<br/><br/>
s<br/>
omehow<br/><br/>
Ice Rock <br/>
felt that she<br/>
 is<br/>
 also <br/>
a <br/>
demon.<br/><br/>
If the girl is the indigenous demon in this land, he is willing to be friendly to her.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
If she eventually reveres the Demon King, she could be considered future companions.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Also, they can obtain useful information.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
"You have so many questions. Ah, I'd like to a<br/>
sk you too. <br/>
Y<br/>
ou <br/>
there, are you <br/>
an<br/>
 adjutant<br/>
 or something?"<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
The girl points to the demon who takes command next to Ice Rock.<br/>
 He<br/>
 is one of those who assist Ice Rock, who lacks strategic ability.<br/><br/>
The demon<br/>
 who had been controlling the monsters with magic until a while ago<br/>
, w<br/>
hen he realizes that <br/>
Atou<br/>
's<br/>
 interest is toward him, he <br/>
proudly <br/>
introduces himself.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
"<br/>
That’s<br/>
 right. I am adjutant of <br/>
the Ice <br/>
Shogun<br/>
, <br/>
one of the <br/>
Demon Army <br/>
Shitennou<br/>
, Ice Rock-<br/>
sama<br/>
.<br/><br/>
Normally, a<br/>
 little girl like you should <br/>
b<br/>
e….<br/>
"<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Fresh green blood f<br/>
luttered, and the <br/>
adjutant <br/>
demon <br/>
next to Ice Rock was pierced and killed.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
The demon <br/>
was pierced fr<br/>
om the butt to the head with her<br/>
 tentacles that <br/>
came<br/>
 out of the ground<br/>
. His body twitched once or <br/>
twice,<br/>
 then the body<br/>
 disappears and sprinkles gold coins.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
"<br/>
Bastard<br/>
! What <br/>
you<br/>
!!"<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Ice Rock widened his eyes with <br/>
a<br/>
 surprised expression.<br/><br/>
Although the demon became Ice Rock adjutant be<br/>
cause of his talent and brain, the Ice M<br/>
age, who was defeated just now, is not weak.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
From that fact, he instantly realize<br/>
d<br/>
 the opponent's ability, took out a huge ax from his back, and take a stance with an angry expression.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
Ice Rock has forgotten the possibility that the girl has different be<br/>
liefs and reasons than him, <br/>
the<br/><br/>
possibility that she is the <br/>
enemy...<br/><br/>
No, he wouldn't have noticed in the first place.<br/><br/>
Because they never encountered any hostile entities other than humans――.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
"Answer<br/>
 me<br/>
! <br/>
Bastard<br/>
, who are <br/>
you!<br/>
?"<br/><br/>
 <br/>
The girl laughed at <br/>
Ice Rock's angry voice<br/>
.<br/><br/>
At the same time, countless<br/>
 tentacles extended from <br/>
her<br/>
 back<br/>
,<br/><br/>
The defenseless demons who were concentrating on controlling the monsters nearby are slaughtered one after another.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
Also, he heard the demons scream.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
He glanced over at them.<br/><br/>
Before they know it, a giant insect has appeared and chopped up the supposedly strong soldiers like a piece of paper.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
The war cry was raised from the town.<br/><br/>
When<br/>
 he looks at it, the <br/>
city <br/>
gate <br/>
opens, and although the number is not many, troops are coming out.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Arrows and magic are fired out from the top of the outer wall and are pouring onto the monsters.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Real<br/>
izing that he was completely tricked<br/>
, Ice Rock groans with anger and a troubled face.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
The insect-type monster that appeared out of nowhere seems to be compatible with the land,<br/><br/>
It unilaterally eliminates the exhausted Demon King Army.<br/><br/>
Also, the damage caused by arrows and magic is not small.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Their initial visual<br/>
 scouting<br/>
 did not <br/>
detect them<br/>
. Apparently, the enemy intentionally hides their real military <br/>
strength<br/>
.<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
And then the girl in front of him.<br/><br/>
　<br/>
While<br/>
 he was distracted by this girl, they already<br/>
 fell into th<br/>
eir trap<br/>
.<br/><br/>
　<br/>
It all started when he was caught off guard; he <br/>
thought<br/>
 they are on the s<br/>
a<br/>
me<br/>
 side<br/>
 because she is also a demon<br/>
.<br/><br/>
　<br/>
The little girl in front of him must be killed.<br/><br/>
　<br/>
In fact, killing her is not enough. With <br/>
a rage like the hot magma<br/>
, Ice Rock let out a breath of ice.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
The girl smiles<br/>
, then <br/>
giggle<br/>
s<br/><br/>
laughing at him. She<br/>
 pinches the hem of her skirt and gives a reverent thank you.<br/>
 Nobody understands what'<br/>
s behind her smiles and gesture<br/>
.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
"<br/>
It’s <br/>
a pleasure<br/>
 to meet you. My name is <br/>
Atou<br/>
 the<br/>
 Sludge, and I came from SLG.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
For the time being, I want to kill you all. "<br/><br/>
 <br/>
"<br/>
Bastaaaard<br/>
!!!"<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Ice Rock's Warcry echo across the battlefield and start the battle.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Mynoghra's<br/>
 first War <br/>
has started.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
= Message =============<br/><br/>
 <br/>
[Event] Declaration of War<br/><br/>
 <br/><br/>
Fawnc<br/>
aven<br/>
 declares War on the Demon King's army.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Great leader<br/>
 << Pepe <br/>
>><br/><br/>
\~ War is the worst!<br/><br/>
However, I will protect <br/>
Fawnc<br/>
aven<br/>
! \~<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Mynoghra declares War on the Demon King's army.<br/><br/>
 <br/>
Great leader << Ira Takuto<br/>
 >><br/><br/>
Hmmm, it can't be helped<br/>
...<br/><br/>
F<br/>
or the time being<br/>
, let's kill them<br/>
 and then think about it. \~<br/><br/>
==============<br/>
==============<br/>
==============<br/><br/>
Translator message:<br/>
Please visit the support page if you want to read more "Mynoghra" or "Infinite Gacha" translated episode.<br/><br/>

