[The World Is Overflowing with Monster, I’m Taking a Liking to This Life c118](https://nobles.jp/books/5/2438)
<br/>The bike is running along the track. The engine’s roar is so soft that we can hear the noises from the surrounding. It will take around an hour and a half to arrive at the Defense Force’s base.  The map is engrained within my memory, and I have already reviewed the route which we are going to take countless times.  (Well, I doubt our plan will proceed without hiccups though…) We will definitely encounter some form of trouble along the way. Those huge trees might block our paths, and monsters might ambush us. 3438 If you are/ seeing this text/ you are reading 3438 from a pirated source and we would appreciate if you visit us at nobles.jp to read our content3438 ! In fact, I should drive under the assumption that something might occur. Better safe than sorry. “Experience has reached a certain threshold.”   “‘Riding’ has increased from LV2 to LV3.” Oh, it seems like my riding skill has leveled up. Since I gave priority to other skills while distributing points, the skill has been at LV1 for a long time, but the experience must have accumulated over time.  By constantly using a certain skill repeatedly, one could increase the skill’s level even without using points on it. As the skill implies, the experience of the “Riding” skill should increase the more I ride vehicles.  With the skill, I can ride bikes I have never ridden before just like right now, and I assume that I will be able to ride other vehicles as the skill’s level rises… which is one of my goals for this mission. “Your driving skill is really impressive…” Fujita-san, sounding impressed, says so while riding behind me. I didn’t tell him about the “Riding” skill, so he seems to be honestly amazed about my techniques.  But it’s understandable. After all, a beautiful girl who is yet to become an adult is performing better than professionals at riding a bike. (As for the skill… I’ll keep quiet about it for the time being.) By the way, Fujita-san is currently holding onto the belt attached to the seat rather than my body. I guess he is trying to take me into consideration.  (But in the end, this is a trip involving an ossan and a male disguised as a girl…) What a terrible picture. What a combination this is. If I don’t look like Ichinose-san, it must have been a horrid scene to behold.  “Please turn right at the next intersection.” “O-okay.”   Following his instruction, I turn right. So far so good. There is no sign of monsters, and there aren’t any trees blocking the road. Since this area is still close to the City Hall, I guess Fujita-san is choosing a relatively safe route to travel.  (The problem would be on the national highway…)  According to Fujita-san, everything beyond that point is outside of their exploration perimeter. In a sense, it could be considered a land of unknown for them. It’s the same in my case. “We’re about to approach the national highway.” “Okay. Please drive with caution.” The “Subjugation Area” which the mayor mentioned should also end around here. The “Subjugation Area” where the designated monsters reside is within a 500 meter radius around the City Hall.  (So if we go beyond this point, we can at least avoid a battle with the golem.) I would like to avoid battles and encounters with the golem right now. Although I have recently acquired a weapon of mass destruction (tetrapods), I don’t think that alone could defeat the golem.  I want something else. Something decisive.  (Fujita-san said that the Defense Force base annually conducts large-scale exercises around this time of the year.) While it is not at the scale of a “Soukan” where tens of thousands of militants gather for military exercises, it is said that something similar is held. As such, there is a high possibility of ammunitions, missiles, and tanks being present inside the base. For a moment, I wonder where he got all the information before realizing that he works for the government. He must have worked with other prefectures and Self Defense Forces before.  (He talked about being acquainted with someone over there, so he must be thinking of relying on that person.) As I am hoping for things to work out... “!!” I abruptly stop the bike. Even though I apply the brakes, we remain quiet thanks to the skill. However, Fujita-san, who is behind me, appears surprised.  “What happened?” “…Please look over there.” “That?....!!” Fuijta-san’s expression shifts when he witnesses the scene.  In front of us is a huge crater, one that is over 10 meters wide. In addition, the surrounding buildings have collapsed, the ground was raised in various locations, and huge boulders are present all around. (A battle against monsters? No, but considering the scale…) The destructiveness is above that of the high orc’s cry and the dark wolf’s darkness. In that case, I can only think of one such creature.  The golem. That gargantuan golem fought with someone here. That is the only reasonable explanation to this. 	 “Fujita-san, this…” “I-it should be that golem’s work…” Fujita-san seems to have arrived at the same conclusion. “We can’t pass through here… It’ll be a bit of a detour, but let’s go around it.” “Yes…” Since we never know when the golem would appear again, we get ready to leave. However--- “N?” “What’s wrong, Ichinose-chan?” “…This.” I pick up something that is on the ground. A magic stone. It’s quite big. It’s about the size of a fist. “Is that a magic stone? That’s quite the big one.” “Isn’t it.” The purple magic stone is quite heavy and asserts its existence on my hand. Yet the very next moment, a crack appears on the stone. “Eh?” “Huh?” I have not put much strength into it, but the stone cracks and breaks into several pieces in the blink of an eye.” “Hey hey. How did you do that?” “I-I have no idea. It suddenly cracked…” I try to gather the pieces, but this time, they crumble into sand-like substances the moment I touch them. This is the first time something like this happened. To think that a magic stone would shatter… I try to place the sand-like substance into the Item Box, but it doesn’t work. Can I only store magic stones in their original form? But then… “Ichinose-chan, let’s think about this later. For now, we should leave this area.” “Yes.” He’s right. Storing away the question in my head, we quickly distance ourselves from that region.  Around ten minutes later. We are moving unhindered along the national highway without being ambushed by the golem which we were wary of. (So what was that incident with the magic stone all about…?) While I am driving, I think back to the magic stone and the crater. If that golem had to fight in such a fierce manner, it means that its opponent was quite powerful. (But… that golem should have won the battle.) Otherwise, the mayor would have been notified that one of the conditions has been met. I asked Fujita-san, and it appears that the mayor’s conditions can be cleared by a third-party.  Previously, there was something that the mayor had to accomplish, but Fujita-san cleared it without realizing it and fulfilled the condition.  How ambiguous. But it’s true that the condition only requests for “Subjugation” and does not specify which party has to be involved.  Whether it is deliberate or not, if the monster dies, it will be certified as having been subjugated.  Any method will do as long as the opponent is defeated. The process is irrelevant. Only the result matters. It’s a simple yet cruel rule. (I’m still oblivious to the penalties for failing.) Nishino-kun and the others were also concerned about this and inquired Fujita-san and Chief Shimizu, but they were both hesitant to answer.  Actually, Chief Shimizu looks like she really doesn’t know. It is Fujita-san who appears to be hiding something. (If I can somehow learn about it through this expedition…Hm?) “Hostility Detection” is picking up a response. My thoughts are brought back to reality, and I stop the bike from its track.  “What happened, Ichinose-chan?” I observe the surrounding after silencing Fujita-san with my eyes.  …They’re here.  Monsters. Lots of them. (Since I don’t see any of them, they should be hiding.) I narrow down the area of the search using “Enemy Detection”. We are currently at the center of the road. There are countless destroyed buildings and boulders where monsters can hide.  But what is this? I’m getting a sense of uneasiness. My movement feels oddly dull.  (Aka, I’ll be relying on you.) (…) Furu furu. I look around while holding Aka which is disguised as a gun. In this state, Aka can properly function as a gun. The bullets were pre-made by Ichinose-san using “Ammunition Creation”. There are thirty bullets in total, so I cannot shoot randomly. “They’re coming!” “Understood.” Fujita-san also gets off the bike and readies his handaxes. If I’m not wrong, his occupation should be an “Axe User”. I want to see him in action, but I cannot relax my guards either. “Kishaaaaaaaaaa!” What emerges from behind a boulder is a huge spider. Imagine a tarantula the size of a lion. (Ugeee! Disgusting! What is that?) I am spiritually appalled by the appearance of the creature, just like how one would feel looking at cockroaches. I immediately aim and shoot with the gun.  “Gichuu~!” The huge spider dies as the bullet penetrates between its brows. A yellow magic stone rolls down. “You have gained experience.” Good. “Enemy Detection” is telling me that there are 3 left. “Fujita-san! These spiders’ exteriors aren’t as hard as they seem to be. One of them are aiming at you!” “Leave it to me!” Behind me, a huge spider that has been hiding approached Fujita-san.   “NUORIYAAAAAAAAAA!” Fujita-san charges fiercely with his ax and brings it down upon his opponent’s head.  “Gichii!” However, the huge spider dodges just before the attack hits. It tries to counterattack, but Fujita-san’s attack is not over yet. The axe which has been swung scoops up some parts of the ground which it is embedded on and scatters the fragments like a shotgun. (How powerful… So this is the skill “Pulverizing Attack”.) “Pulverizing Attack” is a skill that comes with Fujita-san’s occupation, “Axe User”. As the name implies, it’s a skill that pulverizes the enemy.  “Gichiii!” The huge spider jumps backwards, but that is exactly what Fujita-san was aiming for. “ORYAAA!” Fujita-san throws the other handaxe which was hanging on his waist. The axe accurately hits the belly of the huge spider. Yellow body fluid drips out of the spider’s wound. “Kyiiiiiiiiii!” The spider lets out a scream while ratching its fangs. Uwa, how repulsive. It’s still cute if a big mouse does it, but it’s scary when a big insect does it. It’s like my spirit is being scraped off. “This is the end!” Fuijta-san once again charges and smashes the spider’s brain. Yellow liquid splatters out before a magic stone eventually drops to the ground.  Two more.  “Enemy Detection” is reacting, but it’s strangely dull. Where are they…?  “Ichinose-chan, are you fine?” Fujita-san comes near me. Near his feet, a manhole moves ever so slightly. “Fuijta-san! Move away from that place immediately!” “Eh?” In that moment, a spider which is one size smaller than the ones before appears from the manhole.  (So the response was dull because they were hiding underground.) The spider opens its mouth wide and spews white thread toward Fujita-san.  “Gwa, what is this?!” Fujita-san tries to shake it off, but the thread is sticky and difficult to remove.  “Fujita-san!” I hoist my gun up, but my pose crumbles right then. “!?” What? I can’t move properly. “Crisis Detection” rings loudly. I look closely at myself. There are threads. The threads are so thin that I wouldn’t have perceived it if not for “Enhanced Senses”. The thread is entwined throughout my body.  (So this is the source of my uneasiness!) Damn, I was careless. This is the reason behind my sluggish movements. Individually, these threads are nothing to write home about. It’s to the point where “Crisis Detection” doesn’t react.  However, over time, these threads would display their true might. If these threads become a bundle, they will gradually slow down our movements. This place is literally their web.  “Kii!” The giant spider tries to attack Fujita-san who is immobile. I try to ready Aka, but my movements are restricted. (Shit, I can’t hold back right now.) I have to use the Item Box. Just then, the bodies of Fujita-san and I shine brightly.  “What?” When the lights disappear, power suddenly surges throughout my body. Ripping apart the threads one by one, I ready my gun (Aka).   “Eat this!” Pa~an! A gunshot is heard. What a close call. The spider that was trying to eat Fujita-san dies.  One remaining. Where is it? Where? Despite waiting, the last one does not appear. “That must have been the last one.” Fujita-san walks towards me after disposing the threads.  “No, please do not be negligent. There’s still something near us.” “Enemy Detection” has not been disabled. It should be hiding somewhere. As I keep watch without dropping my guard, I hear something. “Kyu…Kyu! Kyu!” It’s a little fox. More precisely, it’s a creature that looks like a fox. (An animal…? No, it’s most likely a type of monster.) It’s about the size of a cat, but its tail take up half of its body length. Its tail is round like the fluff of a dandelion, and its coat shines gold under the sunlight.  What is most noticeable is the red gem embedded on its forehead. It’s not something we see on regular animals. Although it has a cute appearance, there’s little doubt that it’s a monster. “Kyu…” The fox continues to gaze towards us.  (It was caught by the spiders…) Just like us, it must have been caught by the spiders. We most likely arrived before it got eaten.  A voice suddenly echoes inside my head. “Lesser Carbuncle looks at you as if you were a friend. Do you wish to befriend it?” Eh?  