[The World Is Overflowing with Monster, I’m Taking a Liking to This Life c120](https://nobles.jp/books/5/2462)
<br/>We have been on the bike for dozens of minutes again. After the battle with that giant spider, we have been steadily aiming for the Defense Force’s base without encountering any major obstacle. (We’ve come about halfway...) We are currently on the national highway at the prefectural border. Leaving behind the city where we have been, we are now in a mountain. “Enemy Detection” is constantly on the lookout, and there isn’t any problem as of now. 17628 If you are/ seeing this text/ you are reading 17628 from a pirated source and we would appreciate if you visit us at nobles.jp to read our content17628 ! “Kyu. Kyu. Kyuuu!” “Hey, be quiet.”   Our new companion, Kiki, seem to be enjoying the wind while riding on my shoulders.  Is she that happy to be our companion? Also, won’t she fall off if she doesn’t hang on to me tightly? With one hand, I put Kiki inside the hood of my hoodie.  “Kyuu…” “A…ACHOO.” Kiki sounds disappointed while Fujita-san lets out a huge sneeze. Apparently, Kiki’s tail struck his nose.  “Ah, sorry about that.” “It’s fine. Don’t mind it.” As we drive through the mountain while holding such conversations, we eventually see a parking area in the distance. It’s a simple place with only a toilet and a vending machine.  “Cool, let’s take a break over there.” “Alright.” It’s good to proceed steadily, but we can’t rush ourselves too much. It’s important that we take breaks and relax our minds. (Also, I can’t contact Ichinose-san unless we take a rest…)   Confirming that there isn’t any monster around, I enter the toilet.  … The one for females.  After entering one of the stalls, I lock the door and open my status plate.  “Kyu!?” Kiki gives out a surprised noise. On the screen, there are a bunch of unread Mails. They’re all from Ichinose-san.  (So things are going smoothly over there for the moment.) She is currently doing what I requested of her. Rikka-chan should be helping her out as well. Next, I open up the Chat menu and proceed to explain the situation regarding Kiki.  “--- That is what happened. Sorry for deciding things on my own.” “…I see. I was confused when a new name suddenly popped up on the list of party members. Understood. There’s no helping it. Also, it’s good to have a new companion. I have no intention of blaming you.” I-Ichinose-san… what a nice child. If we just ignore her problematic behavior with mails, she’s an excellent girl.  “But a Lesser Carbuncle… Although it comes with the ‘Lesser’ modifier, if we are to talk about Carbuncles, aren’t they the type of monsters that provide buffs in games? I was saved by them many times in the past when I played games online. Or is it like that super famous mascot character that likes curry? Regardless, to be able to tame such a rare monster, Kudou-san must really be a natural when it comes to taming.” I wonder if that is true? I have not paid much attention to it, but when I think about it, it’s really strange that monsters are willing to become my companions without being under the influence of skills and occupations… “And an image! You didn’t send an image! The child is mofu-mofu, right!? It’s cute, right? Quick! Send an image!” No, there is no such thing as an image. Also, your personality really shifts abruptly when you’re mailing. “I’m shy in real life, so what’s wrong with being talkative while exchanging mails. It’s better than having communication issues both in real life and online. I think. Also, if you raise the ‘Mail’ skill to LV 5, you get to unlock a function called ‘Image Attachment’. So please raise the level of ‘Mail’ quickly and send an image of Kiki. Quick.” “Eh?” For a moment, I mutter in confusion and look back at the chat text. “Image Attachment” function…? Legit? “You received a Mail.” A mail is sent as if to prove her point. An image-like item is added below the subject. When I click to see the image, it turns out to be a picture of Momo lying on the floor and rolling around. … So cute.  Oh, also it’s 4K. What a uselessly high resolution.  No, that’s not it. “I learned about it just now. Just before Kudou-san contacted me, the experience of ‘Mail’ accumulated to the point where it leveled up.” So that’s what happened. To think she can advance so quickly without receiving as many points as I do. Ichinose-san, what a fearful girl… especially when it concerns mails. (But seriously, the “Image Attachment” function seems quite useful…) The images that are taken can be preserved in a specific file.  According to Ichinose-san, the functions that can be added to the “Mail” are as follows: LV 2 Chat Option LV 3 Simultaneous Transmission Option LV 4 Notification Setting  LV 5 Image Attachment  (“Mail” might be a skill that is more powerful than I gave it credit for.) In particular, attaching images is quite appealing. Until now, I had some doubt raising the level of “Mail”, but I should seriously consider raising it.  “That’s all for now.” “Understood. I’ll contact you on my end if something occurs.” It would be suspicious to remain in the toilet for too long, so I cut the chat after giving her the crucial information. (As for the image of Momo, I’ll look at it again later on…) There’s no doubt that it’ll heal me. Upon leaving the toilet, I witness Fujita-san leaning on the bike and smoking. How astringent. It’s a scene that can become a mess despite me being the driver.  (TN: No idea what the author meant at all.) “Are you good now?” “Eh, ah, yes. Sorry for the wait.” Fujita-san throws something at me. It’s a can of coffee. Just when I am about to wonder where it came from, I see that the vending machine has been pried open. Oi, are you this is legal, civil servant?  Figuring out my thoughts, Fujita-san looks at my face before laughing. “Who’d blame us in this kind of world?” “Well, you’re right…” “Are you fine with coffee? There are tea and hot chocolate as well.” “No, coffee is fine.” I love it with a bit of sugar. Although it’s very little, the taste is so sweet that one would never imagine that so little sugar is put inside.  When I take a sip, the sweet flavor spreads in my mouth. Umm, it’s lukewarm. The sugar and the caffeine circulate within my body. Fujita-san also drinks coffee.  “We must drink when we can. If we return to the City Hall, Shimizu-chan would be nosy.” He speaks as if to joke, but there should be some truth to his words. In today’s world, it’s difficult to enjoy the sweetness of a canned coffee.  “I guess I’ll bring some back as a souvenir…” Saying that, Fujita-san packs some canned coffees in his backpack.  I would very much like to just retrieve the entire vending machine, must let’s hold back for now. “Kyuuu.” Kiki begins to move frantically on my shoulder. What’s wrong? “Kyuu! Kyuuu!” Kiki stares at the can of hot chocolate that Fujita-san has grabbed. “You want it?” “Kyuuuu.” (nod nod) (…Carbuncles like cocoa?) Unexpected. I turn towards Fujita-san who nods and tries to hand Kiki the hot chocolate with a smile. “Shah!” “…” It’s intimidated.  Oh, Fujita-san, you have teary eyes. Nothing good comes out of a bearded ossan’s teary eyes. Without any choice, I open the can before handing it to Kiki. “Kyuu♪ Kyuu♪” Kiki dexterously supports the can with her front legs and drinks the hot chocolate. She looks delighted. On the other hand, there is a middle-aged man that is peeking at Kiki’s tail as it swings around beneath my chin.  “….Pu.” I laugh unintentionally. “Oioi. You shouldn’t be laughing, Ichinose-chan.” “Sorry, but the scene is so strange…hahaha.” “Really, young girls these days are too mean. Ossan over here is very hurt… haaaa.” “Kyuu?” Fujita-san laughs along with me. A question mark pops up above Kiki’s head. Somehow I was able to have a good rest. A few minutes later---- “We should begin traveling again.” “Yes.” It’s time to go again. I ride the bike and try to start the engine. However, just before it does, “Enemy Detection” picks up a signal.  “…!” It’s not a monster…it’s coming from humans.  And they’re quite powerful. They’re approaching us. “Oi, what’s wrong?” Fujita-san who is behind me asks in a questioning tone.  “Someone’s coming, and there are many of them.” “What…?” The air around Fujita-san changes. While being careful, I look towards the direction where “Enemy Detection” reacted.  (I don’t feel any hostility… but what is this feeling…?) I stare at the direction for a few seconds. Then, a few men appear 50 meters away from us. There are 6 of them. They’re all wearing camouflage suits, holding rifles, and possess bags and helmets. “The Defense Force?” They notice us as well. They appear to be surprised. “To think we’d meet here…” Fujita-san gets off the bike and steps forward. Then, someone from the Defense Force’s side also comes forward.  The man in question is quite old and should be around the same age as Fujita-san. They close in before shaking their hands.  “Long time no see, Towada. I didn’t think we’d meet here.” “Same here. Didn’t know you were alive, Souichiro. It’s good to know that you’re safe.” …An acquaintance? Is he the acquaintance among the Defense Force who Fujita-san mentioned? “Ichinose-san, you don’t have to be wary of them. I told you about him, right?” So I’m right. Fujita-san beckons me. “Souichiro, who is this girl? And why are you here?” “Ah, that’ll take some time to explain. Are you free right now?” “I’m fine. I also have something to say. Wait a second.” The man turns towards the other Defense Force members. “Everyone scatter! Watch out for the surroundings!” “Yes sir!” With that, the rest of the Defense Force members spread out. Their movements are much more refined compared to the SDF members that came to the shopping mall. They probably fought a lot of monsters along the way. There isn’t any wasted movement. But… that in itself is making me sense a feeling of discomfort.  (They’re too on guard…) They seem somewhat impatient as well. Their expressions are tense. Checking their equipments closely, there are scratches here and there.  … A nasty premonition rises within my mind. Fujita-san sits on the bench near the vending machine, and I follow suit. The Defense Force person sits on the opposite side of Fujita-san.  “Now, what should I begin with….” Holding a cigarette, Fujita-san explains to the SDF member how we came here. He talks about the City Hall, the Golem, the Queen Ant, and mentions how they wish to defeat the monsters with the SDF’s powers.  The SDF personnel listens silently.  “---And that’s how we arrived at this point.” “I see… it must have been hard on you.” The SDF personnel nods after listening to Fujita-san’s tale.  “Well yeah. Still, if Gramps… if Mayor Uesugi and everyone else weren’t there, I wouldn’t have been able to accomplish so much. I’d have been dead a long time ago.” “Don’t be so humble. They survived thanks to you. You’ve always been great at encouraging people. Ah, can I have one?” “It’s nothing like that. Here you go.” They laugh in nostalgia. The SDF personnel receives a cigarette from Fujita-san and lights it on. When he puffs out, Kiki, who is lying on my knees, twists as if it is unpleasant. Oh, so she’s bad with cigarette.  The personnel’s gaze lands on me. “…Oh, I haven’t introduced myself to you. Hello, I am Towada Tsukasa, and I am the captain of the Self Defense Force. I’ve been acquainted with this person since way back. Nice to meet you.” Saying that, the Defense Force personnel, Towada-san, bows politely. He’s completely different from Fujita-san.  “Oi, we’ve been friends for 20 years and you’re calling me ‘this guy’?” “Hmph, at this point, what’s wrong with rough handling you?” “Well, you aren’t wrong…” “Umm… I’m Ichinose-Natsu. Nice to meet you. ” “Shah!” I bow my head. On the other hand, Kiki tries to intimidate him. “Souichiro, just double-checking, but this one isn’t harmful right?” Towada-san points at Kiki who is in my arms.  “Yup, no problem. But aren’t you surprised?” “I have a subordinate who can control animals and monsters. Does she also have an occupation or a skill related to that?” Nope. Nada. They just gather around me. But since he’s interpreting things on his own, let’s leave him alone.  “Okay. Well then, let’s get into the main topic of our discussion…” Fuijta-san looks straight at Towada-san and bows. “Towada, I’ll be blunt about this. Can you help us?” “…” “It might sound unconvincing, but it’s quickest to rely on your power to overcome this situation. I know that you guys are also in a difficult situation, but still. Please help us.” “…” Towada-san does not answer. He watches Fujita-san with a difficult face before slowly opening his mouth. “Sorry, but it’s not possible.” “…!” Fujita-san has a stunned looked for a moment before reverting back. “Is that so… Okay. Please forget what I just said…” “Don’t get me wrong, Souichiro.” Towada-san cuts of Fujita-san’s words before continuing.  “No matter how critical the situation is, if there is a call for help, we will rush anywhere. It is our duty to protect the country and the people. If it’s something we can do, we’ll gladly do it.” “Then---” “But that’s assuming our powers are working properly.” “Eh?” Having said that, Towada-san bows his head this time around. Fujita-san and I are both disturbed by his actions.  “Sorry… as of now, we do not have the power to answer your expectations…” It can’t be that…  Towada-san says something that is our biggest fear. “The garrison we were in has long been destroyed. Only the six people here survived.” His words convince me that my previous prediction was correct.   Battered equipments. Tense expressions. I had a feeling I knew what that meant. I wished for my prediction to be wrong, but nothing is as accurate as a bad feeling.  