[The World Is Overflowing with Monster, I’m Taking a Liking to This Life c121](https://nobles.jp/books/5/2475)
<br/>--- The Self Defense Force is already destroyed.  Having heard Towada-san’s remark, Fujita-san becomes speechless. However, this happens only for a few seconds. He regains his composure and begins questioning Towada-san. “Annihilated… what do you mean? What happened, Towada?” Towada-san’s face changes when he is questioned. His face turns pale and he begins shivering as if he does not want to recall a frightening memory.16718 If you are/ seeing this text/ you are reading 16718 from a pirated source and we would appreciate if you visit us at nobles.jp to read our content16718 ! (Was it that bad?) Were they attacked by monsters, or was there internal conflict…? After experiencing the destruction of the school under the monster tamer’s hands, it wouldn’t be weird for such a thing to occur.    “What happened, Towada? Can you answer me?” “…” Despite Fujita-san repeating his question, Towada-san continues to shiver without opening his mouth. He’s behaving completely different from before.  (It’s unlikely that he’ll provide us with an explanation…) What exactly happened? What is making him so fearful? Did he get chased down by a monster capable of throwing heavy machinery with one hand? Did he have a life-or-death struggle with a wolf capable of producing anything from the darkness?  Regardless of what truly transpired, we would need to drastically alter our plan. If the SDF has already ceased to exist, there isn’t a point in remaining here. We should return and come up with another plan immediately.  (Of course, this is assuming that we choose to believe this man’s words…) Personally, I don’t think Towada-san is lying to us. I’ve been observing him for a while now, but his words don’t sound like an act.  It may be due to the influence of getting the “Acting” skill, but I can tell the subtle difference between a person who is behaving naturally and a person who is scheming. In this regards, Towada-san is being truthful. He is only telling Fujita-san the facts.  Well, it may be possible for Towada-san to have a skill which surpasses my “Acting”, but let’s not go down that spiral.  It’s safe to be cautious, but nothing would get done if we constantly have to think before doing something. “Fujita-san, he seems to be suffering, so isn’t it fine if he doesn’t explain? … Rather, what should we do from now on?” “Eh? Oh, right…”   Fujita-san puts his hand on his chin and thinks for a while before looking back at Towada-san. “Towada, what are going to do from now?” Towada-san remains down for a while, but he eventually murmurs a reply. “…We were planning on setting up a base camp in your town… it’s not like a town exists anymore for us…” What did he say at the end? I couldn’t hear because of the volume. “Okay, then how about joining us at our base?” “I told you we can’t. Currently, we don’t have the power to respond to your expectations.” “No, I didn’t mean it in that sense.” Fujita-san lets out a big sigh. He once again takes out a cigarette and lights the fire. “Towadaaaaa, you’re really too serious. It’s borderline stupidity.” “Huh…?” “What I mean is…. Why are you assuming that I don’t want to have you guys as our companions?” “As I said, since our base is already gone, we won’t have sufficient firepower to---” “What. I. Mean. Is.” Fujita-san cuts Towada-san and speaks. “This and that are different. What I’m asking is why I would wish to abandon a friend I had for over 20 years.” “Tsu…” Towada-san’s eyes open wide upon hearing Fuijta-san’s words. Light shines upon his eyes which previously seemed to have lost hope.  “It’s really a shame that I can’t enlist the help of the Defense Force. A shame indeed… However, I’m glad that you survived in such a situation.” “Souichiro… you…” Fujita-san extends his hand out. “So, Towada, come with us. I need you.” Towada-san laughs at the invitation. “… You really never change. You’re just like how you were back when we were in school.” “I did change. I can drink and smoke now. I even married. Well, my wife and my child ran away though.” “You were so close to Saki-chan. You guys divorced?” “Don’t mention it. A lot of things happened.” “I-I see… Um… Sorry about that. I’ll pretend like I never heard.” “Don’t mind it! It’ll hurt me even more!... So. What’s your answer?” Fujita-san asks once more. Towada-san grasps onto the hand. “I’m counting on you from now on.” “Of course.” Fujita-san lets out a genuine laugh. “Good. Now that that’s settled, Ichinose-chan, I’m sorry, but can you head back to the City Hall first?” “Eh?” “There is a great disparity in the travel speed of someone riding a bike and someone walking on foot. Can you go back to the City Hall to report on the situation in advance? Towada and I will talk to the other people and return as soon as we can.” “Oh… Understood.” Certainly, it’s more efficient if I move alone. More specifically, it’s better for me to move alone.  “Then I’ll leave immediately.” “Ah, you have to be careful, got it? Safety first.” “But of course. Fujita-san should also be careful not to die.” “How cheeky of you.” He shuffles my hair with his hand. Hey, Fujita-san. Nowadays, that’s considered sexual harassment. But I don’t feel unpleasant. It makes me think, ‘I don’t mind if it’s this person’. (Is this what it means by an adult’s inclusiveness?) I don’t have something like that. Despite also being someone in the work force.  Everyone in my company prioritized themselves. If there was someone like him, would something have been different in the shitty workplace? “But, well, I’m glad, Ichinose-chan.” “Why?” “I’m glad you’re talking to me normally. In the City Hall and on the road coming here, I felt like there was a wall between us two.” “…!” My heart jumps in surprise. This person is truly sharp. He can see the essence of things.  “But I’m not feeling that anymore. I’m glad that you’re conversing with me normally.” “…” He must be sincere with his words. He’s simply worried for me. He’s unlike me who is being calculative.  “Okay, I decided.” “Hm? What is it, Ichinose-chan?” I stare at Fujita-san.  “Fuijta-san, can you give me some of your time when you return to the City Hall? I have something to tell you.” “What is it about? Can’t it be here?” “Yes. It’s something for you to find out when you return.” I should tell him properly when they return. About Ichinose-san and me. I can place my trust on this person – or so I think.  “Fujita-san, see you later.” With that, I leave the parking area while riding the bike.   