[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c101](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/06/29/wm-chapter-101-mayhem-in-the-capital-of-symphonia-1/)
<br/><br/>
Sponsored Chapter!<br/>
Inauguration ceremony of the Sun Knight Captain.<br/>
An event where the Light Hero who defeated the Taboo Dragons in Laberintos will be becoming a Sun Knight Captain.<br/>
And it is also an event to demonstrate the other big countries that Highland has the reincarnation of the Savior Abel.<br/>
…While at it, they will apparently also announce that a new Hero has been officially appointed in Rozes.<br/>
Mine is simply ‘while at it’, huh. I see.<br/>
“To think there would be this much rain on this auspicious day…” <br/>
“Even though they could just change the day. I don’t like my armor getting wet.” <br/>
“The Great Sage-sama should be able to change the weather.” <br/>
“There’s no way that personage would do something like that. She is a whimsical personage.” <br/>
“Well, yeah…” <br/>
Those kinds of conversations could be heard from the knights.<br/>
The place is the big plaza at the front of the Highland Castle.<br/>
It is normally used as a garden as well, but there’s currently several tens of thousands of soldiers lined up.<br/>
The weather is cloudy and lightly raining.<br/>
It certainly would be more picturesque if it were to be clear.<br/>
Even so, the sight of tens of thousands of soldiers lined up is grandiose.<br/>
I can understand how they are called the strongest military force of the continent.<br/>
“Will there really be a rebellion occurring today?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hey, Takatsuki-kun.” <br/>
“It is going to happen today, right, Makoto?” <br/>
Sa-san and Lucy retort to my mutter.<br/>
Oops, slipped there.<br/>
We are at the noble visitor seats, I think.<br/>
We are special guests, so we were guided to good seats.<br/>
It is a bit further apart from the seats of Princess Sofia and Prince Leonard.<br/>
I am a bit worried.<br/>
The Guardian Knight Old Man is also there, so I think it will be okay.<br/>
Fuji-yan and the others are evacuating to a safe place.<br/>
Furiae-san is…at standby by our back.<br/>
She has her hood real low so her face can’t be seen.<br/>
We are keeping it as her being an attendant of the Water Hero. <br/>
Please keep it down…<br/>
It began with a parade of the army, and currently the names of a variety of nobles and congratulatory addresses are being read. <br/>
Long…<br/>
How long is this going to continue?<br/>
…At the middle of that, I put [Clear Mind] to 99% and made really small Water Balls to train.<br/>
A long boring time passed.<br/>
A loud fanfare resounded.<br/>
What is it?<br/>
“Light Hero, Sakurai Ryosuke! Come to the front.” <br/>
“Yes!” (Sakurai)<br/>
Sakurai-kun has been called.<br/>
Finally the main event.<br/>
Sakurai-kun wearing a white and shining armor goes up the platform.<br/>
At the platform there’s the Pope and the Five Saint Nobles that I saw at the meeting. <br/>
The one at the highest position is the Highland King, huh. This is the first time I see him.<br/>
“At the presence of the Sun Goddess, Althena-sama, and everyone here, I confer you the position of Sun Knight Captain.” (Noel) <br/>
“With honor.” (Sakurai)<br/>
The one announcing this to Sakurai-kun is Princess Noel.<br/>
Sakurai-kun was kneeling and accepted the ceremonial sword.<br/>
…The exchange of two engaged people.<br/>
It kinda looks like a picture taken from a tale.<br/>
“Ooh…how divine.” “The reincarnations of Savior-sama and Saint-sama.” “I give my gratitude for being able to be in the presence of such a splendid scene…” <br/>
Everyone around seems to be satisfied.<br/>
It is apparently a play that imitates the legend of 1,000 years ago.<br/>
It is true that the beautiful Princess Noel and the cool Sakurai-kun do make for a picturesque sight.<br/>
“Tch!” <br/>
I could hear Furiae-san clicking her tongue at my back.<br/>
Don’t go cursing, okay?<br/>
It was then…<br/>
*BOOM!*<br/>
An explosion resonated.<br/>
What?! <br/>
“An attack!” “Shields, ready!” “Who is it?!” “Don’t let them escape!” <br/>
The knights were flustered for a second, but soon took action in a composed manner.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun!” (Aya)<br/>
“Let’s go to where Princess Sofia is.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Got it!” (Lucy)<br/>
Sa-san, Lucy, and I were on guard of our surroundings as we regrouped with Princess Sofia and the others. We head to the royalty area.<br/>
Furiae-san is following us, right? Yeah, she is.<br/>
There’s so many people I couldn’t see well, but explosions must be happening in a lot of places, the sounds of explosions were making the ground tremble.<br/>
“These guys are from the Snake Church!” “Don’t get close to them carelessly, they are self-detonating!” “Shields going to the front!” “Call the mages! Stop the suicide bombing!” <br/>
(A kamikaze charge from the Snake Church…) (Makoto)<br/>
It looks like it isn’t the beastkin rebellion.<br/>
This is unexpected. I thought the Snake Church would be showing at the last part.<br/>
It seems the intruders appeared at the corner of the plaza, so I can’t see it well.<br/>
There’s several tens of thousands of Highland soldiers here.<br/>
There’s defense soldiers around the nobles, and it doesn’t look like there’s a winning chance for the intruders at all though.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san’s voice returns me to my senses.<br/>
There’s people acting strangely within the highland soldiers!<br/>
“There are enemies hiding within the soldiers!” (Makoto)<br/>
I shout this loudly while heading to the place of Princess Sofia.<br/>
(This is bad. The people around haven’t noticed.) (Makoto)<br/>
There’s one highland soldier that has separated from his position and is heading to where Princess Sofia is.<br/>
They are already chanting something.<br/>
That’s…<br/>
“Someone, protect Princess Sofia and Prince Leonard!” (Makoto)<br/>
Anyone is fine!<br/>
“Uoooooooh!” <br/>
The Guardian Knight old man!<br/>
He stood in front of the two and blocked the way to protect them.<br/>
The terrorist disguised as a highland soldier speaks out the name of the spell.<br/>
“Self-destruction Magic: [Firestorm].”<br/>
(This is the worst!) (Makoto)<br/>
Self-destruction magic that is banned by the church.<br/>
It doesn’t use Mana, but Lifespan to activate powerful magic.<br/>
The merit is that you can use it even without the Magic Skill.<br/>
But the Goddess Churches make it clear that this is banned.<br/>
In the first place, there’s nowhere in the temple that taught how to use it.<br/>
And here they are, using it without any hesitation.<br/>
This is bad, there’s too many people!<br/>
“Glory for the devilkin!” <br/>
Damn it, this is no good! I won’t make it in time!<br/>
The Guardian Knight Old Man also showed no hesitation and got on top of the soldier that was going to self-destruct himself.<br/>
(?!)<br/>
The next instant, an explosion occurred and a giant fire pillar was raised.<br/>
It is power comparable to that of Lucy’s High Rank Spells.<br/>
“N-No way.” “Oji-san…”<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san raised desperate voices.<br/>
Princess Sofia and Prince Leonard were in shock.<br/>
Damn it!<br/>
Thanks to the old man taking the hit, there wasn’t much damage to the surroundings.<br/>
In exchange, the guardian knight…<br/>
“What a brave knight…” “Who in the world was he?” “He was apparently the Guardian Knight of the Water Oracle-sama.” “How valiant…” “Is there no other enemy?!” “Don’t lower your guards! Scoundrels have slipped into our ranks!” <br/>
I can hear the voice of the highland knights.<br/>
The smoke of the explosion dispersed, and I headed to where Princess Sofia is.<br/>
“To think they would come with Self-destruction Magic. What a fearsome opponent. Are you okay, Princess Sofia, Prince Leonard?” <br/>
The Guardian Knight that had his armor slightly burned stood up staggering.<br/>
In his hand, there’s the soldier that had self-destructed himself.<br/>
“““Eh?”””<br/>
Lucy, Sa-san, and I let out dumbfounded voices.<br/>
No, maybe everyone did the same as us.<br/>
“Don’t let your guards down. They don’t care about the means! It was an unbelievable attack!” <br/>
The old man says an encouraging speech, but…<br/>
((((((((You are practically unscathed.))))))))<br/>
I don’t have the mind reading Skill of Fuji-yan, but I felt like I could hear the voice of their hearts.<br/>
Well, the old man has the Iron Wall Skill.<br/>
Iron Wall is seriously strong.<br/>
Also, it seems like the guy who used self-destruction magic is also alive.<br/>
So it only reduces your lifespan?<br/>
Maybe it is unexpectedly useful?<br/>
(Don’t. Definitely don’t.) (Noah)<br/>
I was just joking, Noah-sama.<br/>
“Princess Sofia, Prince Leonard, are you okay? Old man, that was awesome.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hahaha, it was thanks to your call, Hero-dono!” <br/>
“Hero Makoto, I am okay. It has turned into quite the mess, hasn’t it?” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia casted healing magic on the old man and is acting stout-hearted.<br/>
“Sa-san, stay with Prince Leonard.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Okay~.” (Aya)<br/>
I left it to her and she responded reliably.<br/>
The knights of the Water Country were slowly gathering too.<br/>
“Noel-sama!” “It is the enemy!” “They are disguised as soldiers!” <br/>
An explosion occurred elsewhere.<br/>
Are the Oracles being targeted?<br/>
That explosion was erased in an instant by a light.<br/>
Was that Sakurai-kun?<br/>
When I look, Sakurai-kun is protecting Princess Noel and incapacitating the enemies.<br/>
Looks like they are okay over there.<br/>
“Hey, Makoto, is this the doing of the Snake Church?” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy was paying attention to the surroundings as she asked me.<br/>
“Must be. They did say stuff like ‘glory to the devilkin’. But they are taking quite the rough method.” (Makoto)<br/>
In a ceremony where several tens of thousands of soldiers are gathered, a terrorist attack of only a few tens of them.<br/>
The chaos in the beginning was just a diversion.<br/>
Even if the real aim were the guys who aimed at the Oracles, it was blocked in the end.<br/>
It is quite the quick attack.<br/>
“Is it over with this?” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia asks, and her expression was slightly stiff from the nervousness.<br/>
“I wonder. A next attack in this situation where we are on such high alert…” (Makoto)<br/>
Right now the highland soldiers are taking roll-calls and checking if there’s anyone mixed in their midst.<br/>
(However, there’s an air of ‘there’s no next attack’ hanging around…) (Makoto)<br/>
“If they were to make one other move, if that were me…” (Makoto)<br/>
I look up and use [Detection].<br/>
Lucy was pulled by that and looked up too.<br/>
The visibility is bad from the light rain and the clouds.<br/>
Within that…<br/>
“There’s wyverns!” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy shouts.<br/>
A whole lot of wyverns were charging at us with people riding them.<br/>
They were hiding within the clouds.<br/>
“Mage unit! Shoot them down!” <br/>
“It is impossible, there’s way too many.” <br/>
The highland mages were trying to shoot them down, but they couldn’t make it in time.<br/>
The wyverns twist and turn their way here.<br/>
Using [Farsight], I could tell the riders are most likely a kamikaze unit. <br/>
They are all way too fanatics!<br/>
“No good, we won’t make it!”, one of the highland soldiers shouted.<br/>
In a few seconds, explosions will occur in this whole area.<br/>
“Sofia!” (Makoto)<br/>
I shout and grab the hand of Princess Sofia.<br/>
Sorry, being so sudden all the time.<br/>
“Eh?” (Sofia)<br/>
I use Synchro on Princess Sofia.<br/>
Water Magic: [Ice Dragon Flood].<br/>
I shot the same amount of superior rank spells as wyverns, and shot them all down before they arrived!<br/>
I freeze all the wyvern riders with the Ice Dragons. <br/>
Our mana is really compatible.<br/>
I feel like it is even more familiar than before.<br/>
“What’s…that?” “He is continuously shooting superior magic chantless?” “The Water Country’s Hero.” “He is the guy that’s said to have treated Lord Geralt like a child…” “How fearsome… Is he a Saint Rank Mage? It is for sure that he is higher than Monarch.” <br/>
I am not.<br/>
I am an Apprentice Mage.<br/>
Also, if I were to have a rematch with Geralt-san, I would 100% lose, okay?!<br/>
While I was thinking that, I was somehow able to shoot them down before they arrived.<br/>
I am glad Princess Sofia was here…<br/>
“U-Uhm…” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia taps me lightly around my upper arm with a slightly flushed face.<br/>
“Ah, sorry, Princess Sofia.” (Makoto)<br/>
I was about to let my hand go from Princess Sofia…and she grabbed it back.<br/>
“You are…always so sudden.” (Sofia)<br/>
She looks straight at me with my hand still holding hers.<br/>
Uhm, what should I do here…?<br/>
“Makoto Makoto.” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy taps my shoulder with her staff.<br/>
“What’s the matter, Lucy?” (Makoto)<br/>
“They are falling. The people that you froze.” (Lucy)<br/>
Right, the wyvern riders are indeed falling.<br/>
They would fall and get smashed up…<br/>
It can’t be helped. We were fighting for our lives here too…<br/>
“Gravity Magic: [Float].”<br/>
A giant magic circle appeared as a small voice resonated.<br/>
Right before hitting the floor, the enemies float in the air.<br/>
At the center of the magic circle, there is a small mage with a white robe and white hair.<br/>
“Great Sage-sama?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Got here late. So you took care of things for me, Spirit User-kun.” <br/>
The mana in the air was trembling.<br/>
This is the battle mode of Great Sage-sama, huh.<br/>
“I feel a bad presence. There’s a familiar of Evelisse.” <br/>
Great Sage-sama says with a bitter expression.<br/>
“Hiih!” “C-Could it be…” “N-No way…” <br/>
The surroundings stir up with what the Great Sage-sama said.<br/>
There’s a lot of scared ones.<br/>
Great Demon Lord, Evelisse.<br/>
“…Wuuh.” “E-Eve…” “Idiot, don’t say that name!” <br/>
For the people of this world, just hearing the name Evelisse breaks their heart.<br/>
That’s just how instilled it has been to these people that it is the symbol of fear.<br/>
…Can they really fight the Great Demon Lord when it revives?<br/>
“Great Sage-sama, thank you for your assistance.” <br/>
The one who appeared was the Prime Minister of Highland.<br/>
The King isn’t around.<br/>
Did he evacuate?<br/>
“What a pathetic display! To think the prestigious Highland Castle had disgusting pawns of the Snake Church infiltrated in it!” <br/>
The first prince was making a ruckus.<br/>
“Noel, isn’t this quite the heavy responsibility here?” <br/>
That’s…the second prince?<br/>
Princess Noel’s expression…she is behind Sakurai-kun, so I can’t see.<br/>
Looks like most of the nobles and church people are safe.<br/>
The highland soldiers were carrying the frozen Snake Church members somewhere.<br/>
That looks cold.<br/>
Sorry for defeating them in a pain of a way.<br/>
“Water Country’s Hero, Makoto-sama, I present my utmost gratitude for stopping the attack of the Snake Church just now. Great Sage-sama, thank you very much.” (Noel)<br/>
Princess Noel slowly came here.<br/>
I hide Furiae-san in my back and leave it to Lucy, as I walk to the front.<br/>
“I didn’t do much, Princess Noel. Is the attack of the fanatics over with this?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I wonder. The army of wyverns of just now wasn’t something that can be prepared easily. It may have been their main attack.” (Noel)<br/>
“No, it is just beginning.” <br/>
A voice resonates.<br/>
Everyone’s eyes gather at the owner of the voice.<br/>
At the highest spot of the platform.<br/>
They were standing on top of the seat of the King.<br/>
A clown unfitting for this place.<br/>
The man that I met at Horun.<br/>
“You! Identify yourself!” <br/>
“Get down from there at once!” <br/>
The knights of the Sun Country charge there.<br/>
“Wait.” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama stops them.<br/>
“That man is a [Puppet]. He is being controlled.” <br/>
“Really, Great Sage-sama?”<br/>
“Hoh? You are one of the members of the Legendary Hero party, the Great Sage, huh.” <br/>
The clown says with an unfaltering smile.<br/>
But now that I look closely, his eyes are devoid of light, and his expression is strange.<br/>
Is that the face of a controlled person?<br/>
“You are the guy that made the monsters rampage at the Water Country’s capital, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
When I ask, the clown shrugs.<br/>
“I was disappointed in this man. Even though I gave him so much time and funds, he couldn’t even crush something as simple as the capital of the Water Country.” <br/>
“What did you say?!” <br/>
The guardian knight was enraged at the words of the clown and was about to say something, but stopped from doing it.<br/>
There’s no need to ride on his provocation.<br/>
“Wasn’t it just that it was impossible with such a weak monster? Maybe the person who made the plan just didn’t have the brains. I think the one who executed the plan did their best.” (Makoto)<br/>
For now, I try returning provocation with provocation.<br/>
“…Those are fighting words. Are you the otherworlder that became a Hero recently?” <br/>
His expression didn’t change, but I could feel slight anger in his voice.<br/>
He might unexpectedly be an easier to read person than I thought.<br/>
“Introduce yourself first.” (Makoto)<br/>
Who is he in the first place?<br/>
He must be an executive of the Snake Church though.<br/>
The man who is controlling that clown introduces himself.<br/>
“I am Isaac. The son of the great ruler, Evelisse, and the Archbishop of the Snake Church.” <br/>
Previous Chapter l Next Chapter<br/>
Advertisements<br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/>
We've received your report.<br/>
                        Thanks for your feedback!<br/>
Seen too often<br/>
Not relevant<br/>
Offensive<br/>
Broken<br/>
Report this ad<br/>
 