[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c104](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/07/04/wm-chapter-104-mayhem-in-the-capital-of-symphonia-4/)
<br/><br/>
“I am the Captain of the Sun Knights 1st Division, Ortho. Pleased to meet you, Rozes’s Hero-sama.” <br/>
“2nd Division’s Captain, Sutora. Let’s fight together.” <br/>
“Northern Sky Knight Order, Lieutenant, Baguh. Nice to meet you.” <br/>
While heading to the North Gate, the commanders of the troops that will be fighting with us greeted us.<br/>
“First Prince of Rozes, the Glacial Hero, Leonard. Nice to meet you.” <br/>
“Hero of Rozes, Makoto…” <br/>
I am not used to having attention like this.<br/>
There’s someone glaring like crazy at me though.<br/>
A beautiful female knight with blonde hair, golden armor, and slanted eyes.<br/>
This should be our first time meeting, but she looks similar to someone.<br/>
Ah, she came here.<br/>
“Captain of the Templar unit, Janet Valentine. My brother was in your care the other day.” <br/>
“…Uhm…” (Makoto)<br/>
Aah, the little sister of Geralt-san!<br/>
She does resemble him! <br/>
Hm? Then…the Northern Sky Knight Order is…<br/>
“Sorry, Hero-dono. Captain Geralt was originally supposed to be here.” <br/>
I noticed after Lieutenant-san said that.<br/>
This is the unit of Geralt-san?! <br/>
I feel like the gazes of the North Sky Knight Order were cold.<br/>
General-san! Why did you put the Water Country here?! <br/>
Bullying? Is it bullying?<br/>
(Aah, so awkward…) (Makoto)<br/>
The conversation didn’t get any lively on the way.<br/>
◇In front of the North Gate◇<br/>
The advance of the monsters is not fast.<br/>
They are progressing slowly as if trying to daunt us.<br/>
Maybe because they are controlled by tamers, the monsters are docile to a creepy extent.<br/>
…They must be reserving their energy to rampage later.<br/>
“They are close, Makoto-san…” (Leonard)<br/>
Prince Leonard has a pale face.<br/>
“There’s no need to fear! There’s around 5,000 monsters! We have more than 10,000 over here!” <br/>
The Guardian Knight old man is energetic.<br/>
Now that I think about it, I have finally overlapped posts with this old man, huh.<br/>
“Why are you guys acting so high-and-mighty? Even though you are knights from a weak country.” <br/>
“Right right, don’t get in our way.” <br/>
“Soldiers of the Water Country aren’t needed, right? Kyahaha.” <br/>
Voices mocking us were raining down on us from above.<br/>
I look up and…<br/>
(Pegasus knights?) (Makoto)<br/>
Female knights with Janet-san from before at the lead were riding pegasuses and flying elegantly in the air.<br/>
All the female knights look good and with the pegasuses added to it, it is picturesque, but…<br/>
(They sound like people who have a terrible personality.) (Makoto)<br/>
I don’t want to get close to them.<br/>
“Rozes Hero, Makoto, your ability in defeating my brother, I am hoping here that it wasn’t just luck.” (Janet)<br/>
The Templar Captain Janet’s voice was thorny.<br/>
Well, it can’t be helped so I just take it.<br/>
“Is there any plan?” (Makoto)<br/>
I try asking the Sun Knight Captain Ortho-san.<br/>
“According to the scout unit, the monsters approaching here don’t have Taboo Monsters in it.” (Ortho)<br/>
“Hoh, then are these guys a diversion?” (Makoto)<br/>
If there’s no strong monsters, that’s a relief.<br/>
“It looks like that’s the case. But lowering our guard can cost our lives.” <br/>
“Before the monsters arrive, I will have the mage units shoot them all at once.” <br/>
“I think we can reduce their numbers by half with magic attacks, Hero-dono.” <br/>
“Ooh.” (Makoto)<br/>
It is true that, at just a glance, I can tell that there’s more than 3,000 mages chanting.<br/>
Judging from the chanting, it is all High Rank Magic.<br/>
This is a good preemptive attack.<br/>
The monsters are coming over here and in groups.<br/>
They can become good targets.<br/>
(I would have preferred the seaside position though.) (Makoto)<br/>
Too late at this point though.<br/>
But because the seaside was judged to be the main forces of the Snake Church, they left the strongest fighting force of the Sun Country.<br/>
In other words…<br/>
*KAH!*<br/>
A light that dazzled my eyes for a second attacked me.<br/>
I turned around and, at the West Gate, a giant pillar of light that turned into a cross was shining there.<br/>
That’s…<br/>
“The Light Hero-dono, huh.” <br/>
“The legendary Light Sword Skill. No matter how many times I see it, it shows unbelievable power.” <br/>
“Taboo Monsters must have shown there.” <br/>
I hear the Sun Knights talk.<br/>
The Skills of Sakurai-kun are flashy as always.<br/>
And the monsters at the seaside really were the real aim.<br/>
“Looks like the battle has begun at the West Gate.” <br/>
“Our side should soon…Hm?” <br/>
*KIEEEEEEEEEEEE!*<br/>
We heard a cry like that of a bird.<br/>
“Ooh! What’s that?!” <br/>
At the South Gate the Guardian Knight Old Man was pointing at, there’s a giant bird made of fire flapping its wings.<br/>
“Fire Phoenix…A Fire Monarch Spell. To think there was a powerful person like that.” <br/>
The Sun Knights were surprised.<br/>
I am also surprised actually.<br/>
The mana of the person using that spell…isn’t that Lucy?<br/>
“Lucy can use Monarch Magic now, huh…” (Makoto)<br/>
Even though it was before a battle, my eyes were getting hot. <br/>
It reminds me of the time when Lucy and I were training together in fire magic at Makkaren.<br/>
Honestly speaking, there was a time when I thought that Lucy’s Fire Monarch Magic Skill was just for show.<br/>
You have grown so much…<br/>
Next time, I will have her show me her magic from up close.<br/>
“T-That’s the magic of Lucy-san?!” (Leonard)<br/>
“What?! How overwhelming!” <br/>
Prince Leonard and the Guardian Knight old man were shocked.<br/>
By the way, I had Sa-san go together with Lucy.<br/>
Even if she is with the Great Sage-sama, I didn’t want Lucy to be the only one alone.<br/>
“A mage from Rozes, huh…” <br/>
The Lieutenant of the Sky Order was dumbfounded.<br/>
It feels good having my comrade praised.<br/>
But there’s something that bothers me…<br/>
“It has cleared up…” (Makoto)<br/>
Maybe because of the Light Sword of Sakurai-kun or the Monarch Spell of Lucy…<br/>
The rain that the Great Sage-sama made is gone.<br/>
There’s still clouds remaining, but the rain has stopped.<br/>
Will I be able to use Water Magic…?<br/>
I return my gaze to the approaching monsters.<br/>
I could see the figure of big monsters from afar. <br/>
“They are coming.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah.” <br/>
The Captain of the Sun Knights nods at my voice.<br/>
My [RPG Player] activates.<br/>
(Eh?) (Makoto)<br/>
[Will you begin the battle against the mob of Ancient Monsters?] <br/>
Yes ←<br/>
No<br/>
(A choice here…? What an ominous timing.) (Makoto)<br/>
I have no intentions of running away at this point in time.<br/>
But…<br/>
(The word Ancient is bothering me…) (Makoto)<br/>
Ancient…meaning, they have been alive since a long time ago, right?<br/>
“Is there someone here who has the Appraisal Skill? If possible, one with Superior or higher.” (Makoto)<br/>
I shout this to the people of the Sun Knights and the Sky Order.<br/>
“I do, Hero-dono.” <br/>
A mage-looking person raises his hand.<br/>
“What are you checking at this point in time? Scared, Water Country’s Hero?” <br/>
“Coward.” <br/>
“Got your guts taken out after seeing the mob of monsters?” <br/>
Ignoring the female knights that were provoking me, I ask the mage.<br/>
“Can you please check if there’s a 1,000 years monster within those monsters?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hero-dono! Are you saying there’s a 1,000 year monster there?” <br/>
“Probably…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Please wait for a bit…” <br/>
The attention of everyone gathers to me and the mage.<br/>
“I-I have confirmed…” <br/>
The voice of the mage is trembling.<br/>
“How is it?” “Was there a 1,000 year monster?” “Aren’t you way too scared, Water Country Weakling?” <br/>
“All of them!” <br/>
Ah damn, all of them, huh.<br/>
If I remember correctly, monsters of 1,000 years ago were 3-4 times stronger than the usual monster, right?<br/>
“An army of around 5,000 monsters…and all of them are 1,000 year monsters, you say?!” <br/>
“N-No way…”<br/>
“That’s a lie, right…?”<br/>
“That’s impossible…” <br/>
The expressions of everyone changed.<br/>
Geh…could it be that this was the main force?! <br/>
Archbishop Isaac used the Taboo Monsters as bait to pull Sakurai-kun there?<br/>
“Mage units, shoot!” <br/>
At the same time that the 1st Division Sun Knight Captain, Ortho-san, gave his signal, several thousands of flashes were shot.<br/>
The flashes were shot towards the center of the monsters, and explosions occurred creating gales.<br/>
“Immediately begin chanting for the next volley! The enemies in front of you are all 1,000 year monsters! They won’t be defeated with just this!” <br/>
*Ooooooooooooh!!*<br/>
It is not like the monsters were answering to the voice of the Knight Captain, but they all raised roars of intimidation.<br/>
And then, they rush towards us.<br/>
Fallen monsters…from what I can see, there’s not a single fallen one?! <br/>
Didn’t he say that we could defeat around half of them?<br/>
So it was calculated from normal monsters, huh…<br/>
“Can we defeat those?” (Makoto)<br/>
I tried asking the 2nd Division Captain, but…<br/>
“There’s a high chance we can’t defeat them with these numbers. We have sent a request for reinforcements, Hero-dono.” <br/>
His voice was incredibly tense.<br/>
But he is composed.<br/>
If he has called for reinforcements, there’s only one thing to do.<br/>
“Then, let’s buy time. Prince Leonard, lend me a hand.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Y-Yes! Hiyah!” (Leonard)<br/>
Prince Leonard lets out a feminine voice and I felt bad about it, but…<br/>
“Synchro! And, Spirit-sans, please lend me your strength!” (Makoto)<br/>
I combine the mana of Prince Leonard and the mana of the Spirits.<br/>
“Ice Magic: [Ice Wall]!” (Makoto)<br/>
*Zuzzzzzz!*<br/>
I create a wall of ice as thick as possible between us and the monsters.<br/>
“W-Wow.” “…A wall of ice this big chantless…” “What an incredible amount of mana.” <br/>
The knights were making a ruckus, but this is just to buy time.<br/>
“People who can use Earth Magic! Reinforce the wall of the Hero-dono!” <br/>
“Hunt the monsters that climb up the wall or try to go around it!” <br/>
“Mages, shoot your next volley at the other side of the wall! Shoot until your mana runs out!” <br/>
An intense battle began against the monsters that were trying to go around it from both sides.<br/>
The mages continued shooting magic.<br/>
“Griffons!” <br/>
“Wyverns too!” <br/>
The monsters that can fly went over the wall and attacked us!<br/>
It is not like the Griffon that I know of, its whole body is pitch black.<br/>
This is a 1,000 year monster! <br/>
“Listen here! Protect the Hero-donos! We can’t lose the Hero-donos in a fight like this!” <br/>
““““Yes!””””<br/>
(Eh? What’s with that?) (Makoto)<br/>
Without understanding what they were trying to do here, the Sun Knights make formations with us at the center.<br/>
“U-Uhm, Ortho-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
“This is an order from Princess Noel. She told us that the safety of the other country’s heroes, Leonard-sama and Makoto-sama, is the highest priority.” (Ortho)<br/>
“That’s…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Thanks to you, Makoto-sama, we managed to learn that they were 1,000 year monsters beforehand, and you even created a defensive wall of ice. The rest is our job!” (Ortho)<br/>
“Please stand back.” <br/>
Even the Lieutenant of the Sky Order stood in front of us and tried to protect us.<br/>
“Guwah!” “Gahah!” “Damn it!” <br/>
The Sun Knights and Sky Knights were putting up a good fight, but they were falling one by one.<br/>
Each and every one of those monsters is abnormally tough.<br/>
Even when we think that they have been defeated, they stand up again.<br/>
The Ice Wall that was keeping back the monsters had cracks forming in it.<br/>
*Pang! Pang!*<br/>
The sound of monsters crashing onto the wall could be heard.<br/>
(When that wall breaks, the land monsters will all attack us at once…) (Makoto)<br/>
Even though we are being pushed back as we are now, if that were to happen as well, it would be over.<br/>
We would be rushed in an instant.<br/>
“Kyaaaa!” <br/>
“A Red Dragon!” <br/>
The pegasus knights are being attacked by a dragon?!<br/>
Water Magic: [Ice Spear]!<br/>
Right before the dragon bites the female knight, I pierce the eye of the Dragon. <br/>
“Gyaaaa!” <br/>
The Dragon writhes its body in pain.<br/>
“You saved me!” <br/>
“Not yet!” (Makoto)<br/>
I simply distracted it.<br/>
The dragon raised a loud roar and did the preliminary moves for a fire breath.<br/>
“Water Magic: [Ice Spear]!” (Makoto)<br/>
I squeeze out my last bit of mana and crush the other eye of the dragon.<br/>
The fire breath was shot at a completely different direction from where the female knight is.<br/>
(Spirit-sans…Spirit-sans…) (Makoto)<br/>
No good.<br/>
The power of the Holy Gods is strong here at the Sun Country’s Capital.<br/>
There’s only a few Spirits here, and their voices are low.<br/>
At the time when I created the Ice Wall, I reached the limit to the mana I can have the Spirits lend me.<br/>
(What should I do…?) (Makoto)<br/>
The amount of monsters is increasing.<br/>
Our numbers are slowly decreasing.<br/>
Even with [Clear Mind], uneasiness and anxiety was hitting my head.<br/>
At that time…<br/>
“[Thunderbolt]!”<br/>
A giant lightning shoots down the Red Dragon and the wyverns around.<br/>
Large drops of rain fall, and the wind rages.<br/>
(The Great Sage-sama?!) (Makoto)<br/>
“You bastards! Can you even call yourselves the strongest Northern Sky Knights like that?! Put more spirit into it!” <br/>
Armor shining in golden, and dazzling blonde hair.<br/>
A dignified figure clad in aura that was as if electricity was running through his whole body.<br/>
The Lightning Hero, Geralt.<br/>
Ooh, what perfect timing! <br/>
The Hero coming late!<br/>
“““““Oooooh!”””””<br/>
The Northern Sky Knights answer to the speech of the Lightning Hero.<br/>
Relief appeared in the smiles of the Sun Knights.<br/>
What, so you are actually trusted, Geralt-san.<br/>
*PANG!*<br/>
The defensive wall was broken!<br/>
Monsters jump in from the opening.<br/>
“Drop dead, monsters!” (Geralt)<br/>
Geralt-san rushes right into the very center of the place where the monsters are flowing in from.<br/>
Uah, he is rushing there?<br/>
That’s impressive, Lightning Hero.<br/>
“M-Makoto-san, Geralt-dono doesn’t know they are 1,000 year monsters, right…?” (Leonard)<br/>
““Ah.””<br/>
Me and the Knight Captain by my side let out dumbfounded voices.<br/>
Ah, shit. We have to warn him!<br/>
“Ooi, Geralt-san~!” “Geralt-dono~!” <br/>
“DIEEEEEE!” (Geralt)<br/>
The voice of the Knight Captain and I didn’t reach him, and he disappeared within a cloud of dust after lunging into the mob of monsters.<br/>
…Uhm, will he be okay?<br/>
 