[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c105](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/07/06/wm-chapter-105-mayhem-in-the-capital-of-symphonia/)
<br/><br/>
Sponsored Chapter!<br/>
“What’s with these guys?! They are pretty strong!” (Geralt)<br/>
Geralt-san was cutting down one 1,000 year old monsters one after the other while saying this.<br/>
Ooh! I am glad he is okay.<br/>
With his magic sword (?) that’s making cracking sounds, a monster is cut and gets burnt black every time it is swung.<br/>
It looks like it isn’t that big of a difference for the Lightning Hero that they are 1,000 year old monsters.<br/>
“Looks like he is going to be okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Umu! As expected of the Lightning Hero-dono!” <br/>
Seems like the Sun Knight Captain-san is also relieved.<br/>
But it is not like everything has been solved.<br/>
“Let’s support Geralt-sama!” <br/>
“Ani-sama!” <br/>
The Sky Order Lieutenant and his little sister’s unit move to help the Lightning Hero.<br/>
It is true that putting all on Geralt-san is way too much weight.<br/>
“Mage units, continue the support fire!”<br/>
The 2nd Division Captain continued giving out orders.<br/>
“But mages that have run out of mana are beginning to show up…” <br/>
“This is bad. The knight units and priest units are somehow managing, but…” <br/>
The knights are having an intense physical battle.<br/>
And the priests who are supporting them at the backlines are showing fatigue.<br/>
There’s exhaustion showing in the whole area.<br/>
Compared to that, the monsters are attacking with reckless abandon.<br/>
So this is the attack of controlled monsters, huh.<br/>
What a nasty attack, Snake Church!<br/>
(…What to do?) (Makoto)<br/>
I glanced at the place, and my eyes made contact with Prince Leonard who was looking at me uneasy.<br/>
“M-Makoto-san…at this rate…” (Leonard)<br/>
We will be pushed in before the reinforcements arrive.<br/>
If the gate is broken, there will be more than hundreds of civilian casualties.<br/>
I can feel gazes.<br/>
The Sun Knights and the Water Country soldiers were looking over here.<br/>
(‘If they are Heroes, they might be able to do something’…or like, is Sakurai-kun always getting this treatment?) (Makoto)<br/>
I am not good at dealing with this kind of attention.<br/>
I am surprised he can keep doing the Savior reincarnation role.<br/>
Let’s have a drink next time, Sakurai-kun.<br/>
Before that, we have to deal with the problem in front of us.<br/>
What can I do right now?<br/>
I set [Clear Mind] at 99% and ask myself.<br/>
I have no mana.<br/>
In order to use Spirit Magic again, I will have to wait a bit more.<br/>
Prince Leonard only has a little bit of mana left. <br/>
I can’t borrow anymore.<br/>
If Princess Sofia were here…no, a princess wouldn’t come to a battlefield like this.<br/>
Don’t rely on things that are not here.<br/>
Is there anything…<br/>
A card I can use…<br/>
“XXXXXXXXXXX (Spirit-sans, please lend me your strength…)” (Makoto)<br/>
I unconsciously extend my hand and speak in Spirit Language. <br/>
The small Blue Spirits that are floating in front of me.<br/>
That hand of mine touches nothing.<br/>
I can’t touch the Spirits.<br/>
I thought that maybe I could sync with Spirits, but…if I can’t touch them, it is impossible, huh.<br/>
“M-Makoto-san?” (Leonard)<br/>
The confused voice of Prince Leonard reached my ears, but I continued.<br/>
“XXXXXXXXXXXXX (If there’s something I can do…I will do it. Anything…)” (Makoto)<br/>
I continue speaking with an extended hand.<br/>
There’s no response.<br/>
(It isn’t working, huh…) (Makoto)<br/>
—Fufu!<br/>
I heard a laugh in my ear.<br/>
It is not the childish voice of Spirits that I usually hear?<br/>
When I turn around, there’s a beautiful girl whose whole body is blue.<br/>
I could tell at a single glance that she isn’t a human.<br/>
“…Spirit?” (Makoto)<br/>
There’s human-like Spirits like this…?<br/>
That figure of hers is somewhat similar to that of Noah-sama.<br/>
“XXXXXXXXX (Do I just need to help you out?)” <br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
The girl shaped Spirit held my hand.<br/>
A cold and pleasant sensation wraps around my hand.<br/>
I-I can touch her?<br/>
In that case…<br/>
I can synchronize with her?<br/>
◇Lightning Hero: Geralt◇<br/>
How many monsters have I cut down now?<br/>
I stopped counting when I reached 10, and just concentrated on defeating monsters single-mindedly.<br/>
“Geralt-sama!” <br/>
“Ani-sama!” <br/>
I could see the guys of the Northern Sky Knight Order coming to assist.<br/>
“You guys, don’t come too deep! Keep it at providing support!” (Geralt)<br/>
I can tell real well since I am fighting here.<br/>
These are not normal monsters.<br/>
A normal high level knight won’t be able to stand against them.<br/>
I confirm the situation while fighting. I could tell that the Sky Order is fighting in the middle, and the Sun Knight Divisions are fighting at both sides. <br/>
The pegasus knights and the mages are attacking the flying monsters, but…<br/>
(…This is bad.) (Geralt)<br/>
We are slowly being pushed back.<br/>
(What is that bastard doing?!) (Geralt)<br/>
I saw the figure of the Water Country’s Hero at the corner of my eye.<br/>
You, use the spell that you used to defeat me already! <br/>
But he shows no signs of using his magic.<br/>
“Damn it, you coward.” (Geralt)<br/>
Is he getting scared at the mob of monsters?! <br/>
I concentrate on the monsters in front of me.<br/>
After a while…<br/>
I was attacked by a despairing pressure that felt like it could freeze my back.<br/>
At the time when I was a child and fought my first dragon.<br/>
At the time when I challenged the Great Sage Old Hag and got beaten black and blue.<br/>
At the time when the Light Hero that suddenly appeared from a different world stole my childhood friend fiance from me.<br/>
I felt something that was comparable to that and turned around.<br/>
“W-What’s that?” “Magic…?” “I have never seen this before…” “R-Run! You are going to get caught in it!” <br/>
The knights were making a ruckus.<br/>
There was an enormous water giant that felt like it could pierce the heavens.<br/>
“What…?” (Geralt)<br/>
That gigantic something that appeared all of a sudden scared the Sun Country soldiers and even the monsters.<br/>
That giant looks down at us…and slowly sweeps its long arm to the ground.<br/>
“Uwaaa!” “S-Save meee!!” “I-I’m going to die—eh?” “What?” “Nothing’s happening?” <br/>
It looked like it was attacking indiscriminately, but it is skillfully only hitting the monsters.<br/>
The monsters on the ground, the monsters flying, they were all swallowed into the body of the giant.<br/>
They were captured inside the body of the water giant. The monsters were struggling to get out, but it looks like they can’t.<br/>
(Could this possibly be a variation of Water Magic: Ice Prison?) (Geralt)<br/>
The shape is already completely different though.<br/>
““““““““““…….””””””””””””””<br/>
Everyone looked at it with mouths wide open.<br/>
The giant who had caught all of the monsters inside its body…slowly went to where the sea is.<br/>
I looked around the people that were dumbfounded, and found a brat that I am familiar with.<br/>
I run to where he is.<br/>
“Oi! Is that spell the doing of the Rozes Hero?!” (Geralt)<br/>
“Yes! It is the spell of Makoto-san!” (Leonard)<br/>
The brat speaks with sparkly eyes.<br/>
What are you saying all happy?<br/>
“Is that fine with you? The representative Hero of the Water Country is going to be him now, you know?” (Geralt)<br/>
I told him that.<br/>
“Makoto-san really is amazing!” (Leonard)<br/>
The Glacial Hero was blushing and had a face like that of a maiden. I didn’t feel like saying anything anymore.<br/>
“Tch, if you had a spell like that, use that from the very beginning…” (Geralt)<br/>
I look like an idiot for hurriedly coming here.<br/>
“What. Even though I came all the way here to provide reinforcements, it is already over.” <br/>
“Uah!” (Geralt)<br/>
“Great Sage-sama!” (Leonard)<br/>
That scared me.<br/>
“Don’t appear all of a sudden, Old Hag.” (Geralt)<br/>
“Huh?” <br/>
I got punched.<br/>
That hurts, damn it.<br/>
“What a horrible mouth this student of mine has. Anyways, that’s quite the peculiar spell.” <br/>
The Old Hag looks at the water giant that’s leaving as if impressed.<br/>
“Hey, what’s the spell? Even though I only feel trash-like mana from the Rozes Hero as always, why can he use crazy magic like that?” (Geralt)<br/>
“I don’t know.” <br/>
Huh?<br/>
Don’t lie.<br/>
The Great Sage knows everything, right?<br/>
“It is similar to the Spirit Magic that Johnny used, but…I can’t use Spirit Magic after all…” <br/>
“The one you are comparing him to is the Legendary Mage, Johnny Walker…?” (Geralt)<br/>
The comrade of the Great Sage Old Hag 1,000 years ago.<br/>
One of the members of the Legendary Party of four.<br/>
Even if you tell me it is similar to him…<br/>
Every single one of the Heroes of that other world are just…<br/>
“Oi, Geralt. The Spirit User-kun is probably out of control right now, so go save him.” <br/>
“Huh?” (Geralt)<br/>
What is she saying?<br/>
It kidnapped only the monsters just a moment ago, you know?<br/>
There’s no way it is out of control.<br/>
“The Water Giant is staggering. He might be using the spell unconsciously. At this rate, the Spirit User-kun will be in danger. He had to be reckless here in order to save you guys of the Sun Country, you know.” <br/>
“…”<br/>
I know.<br/>
It would have been dangerous at that rate.<br/>
I wouldn’t have been able to defeat all the monsters alone.<br/>
“Go already.” <br/>
The Old Hag kicks my back.<br/>
“That hurts, you damn hag!” (Geralt)<br/>
I use the Float spell to chase after the giant.<br/>
Damn it!<br/>
What a pain!<br/>
◇Takatsuki Makoto POV◇<br/>
(…Hnngh…) <br/>
The Water Giant spell.<br/>
There’s a whole lot of monsters imprisoned in the water.<br/>
I didn’t know what I should do after, so I headed to where the ocean is for now.<br/>
(Aah…I’m not feeling good.) (Makoto)<br/>
It is a strange sensation like after I drink too much alcohol.<br/>
This is my first time doing this, but I know the reason why.<br/>
It is the Mana Dizziness that Lucy often feels.<br/>
When I look by my side…<br/>
—XXXXXXXXXX (Fufufufu, this is fun).<br/>
A beautiful Spirit girl.<br/>
No, I heard her name a while ago.<br/>
Her name is the Great Water Spirit, Undine.<br/>
For some reason, it seems like she has taken a liking to me and is lending me her help.<br/>
I am currently synchronizing with Undine.<br/>
Mana is flowing into me abundantly.<br/>
Spirits have…unlimited mana, was it?<br/>
I wonder what it is…<br/>
Different from the time with Princess Sofia and Prince Leonard, I can’t tell when to stop the sync.<br/>
Hmm, what should I do after heading to the ocean?<br/>
—XXXXXXXXXX (Hey hey, how about you play with me forever?).<br/>
A beautiful girl that’s pretty similar to Noah-sama invites me with a big smile.<br/>
That proposal is appealing, but…<br/>
Hm? Something is rushing towards us?<br/>
Who is that? That golden haired guy with evil-looking eyes.<br/>
Ah, he jumped into the Water Giant.<br/>
“Oi! You bastard, return to your senses!” (Geralt)<br/>
I was punched suddenly.<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
After that, he grabbed my collar and shook me, and…I returned to my senses.<br/>
At that instant, the Water Giant crumbled and the monsters were thrown into the ocean.<br/>
There were some monsters who would sink just like that, and some who would escape to the open sea.<br/>
However, there were none who were trying to go back to the Sun Country.<br/>
By the time I noticed, the Great Water Spirit Undine was gone.<br/>
(Is it okay to leave the monsters be…?) (Makoto)<br/>
But they were all escaping into the open sea.<br/>
Going out of my way to chase them and finish them off is a bit…<br/>
While I was thinking that with my dizzy mind, I suddenly noticed.<br/>
(Hm? Wait a moment. I am currently floating in the air?) (Makoto)<br/>
“Oi.” <br/>
I hear an irritated voice from above.<br/>
When I look up, I see Geralt-san who was carrying me in mid-air.<br/>
“You up now?” (Geralt)<br/>
“Y-Yes.” (Makoto)<br/>
Oh, looks like I was saved by the Lightning Hero.<br/>
“I came here on the order of the Great Sage Old Hag. She said your magic went out of control.” (Geralt)<br/>
“Geh.” (Makoto)<br/>
The second time, huh.<br/>
No good.<br/>
Do I have to donate more blood?<br/>
“Oi, we are going back. You can use Float, right?” (Geralt)<br/>
“I can’t.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Why?!” (Geralt)<br/>
Because Float is a mid rank spell.<br/>
An apprentice can’t use it.<br/>
“Damn it. Grab on tight.” (Geralt)<br/>
It ended up with Geralt-san carrying me.<br/>
“Uhm, thanks, Geralt-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
He is the son of a Grand Duke from a large country.<br/>
I should be careful with my words.<br/>
A bit too late for that though.<br/>
“No need for the -sama.” (Geralt)<br/>
“Uhm, Geralt-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Don’t need the -san either. No honorifics.” (Geralt)<br/>
Eeh, I am no good with that though.<br/>
“Gera-yan.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I’ll kill you.” (Geralt)<br/>
Hieh!<br/>
“Thanks, Geralt.” (Makoto)<br/>
“……”<br/>
No words?! <br/>
In the end, there was no conversation after that, and he carried me back to the North Gate where Prince Leonard and the others were waiting.<br/>
“Makoto-san!” (Leonard)<br/>
Prince Leonard hugs me.<br/>
“Hero-dono! What unbelievable magic!” <br/>
The Guardian Knight Old Man seems to be okay too.<br/>
“Hero Makoto-sama, that was splendid.” <br/>
“Looks like we were the ones saved, huh…” <br/>
The Sun Knight Captains say with a wry smile.<br/>
“Are the others okay?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah, thanks to you. The seriously wounded are being carried away and treated.” <br/>
That’s a relief. I don’t know how much damage I managed to reduce though.<br/>
“Reporting! The 4 gates of Symphonia have successfully fought back the monsters!” <br/>
“Heard that?! This battle is our victory!” <br/>
““““YEAAAAAAAH!!”””””<br/>
The soldiers raise cheers at the statement of the Knight Captain-san.<br/>
I see, we won.<br/>
That’s a relief.<br/>
We conversed for a while, but…someone approached us.<br/>
A man with golden armor, blonde hair, and sharp eyes.<br/>
That guy looked around at the Water Country soldiers, and then, turned around without saying anything.<br/>
Eh? Didn’t he have some business here?<br/>
“Rozes Hero, the Northern Sky Knight Order was saved by your magic.” (Geralt)<br/>
Geralt speaks to me with his back turned.<br/>
“Don’t misunderstand! You are currently stronger! But I will have a rematch with you one day, and at that time, I will be the one winning!” (Geralt)<br/>
“O-Okay…” (Makoto)<br/>
I don’t want a rematch though…<br/>
“You saved us. You have my gratitude.” (Geralt)<br/>
He left after saying that.<br/>
Vegeta?<br/>
“Makoto-san, let’s go back to where Nee-sama is. She must be worried.” (Leonard)<br/>
“Yeah, let’s do that, Prince Leonard.” (Makoto)<br/>
I want to see Lucy and Sa-san too.<br/>
They are okay, right?<br/>
“It is finally over?” <br/>
I nodded at the Old Man.<br/>
“Alright, let’s go back.” (Makoto)<br/>
Aah, that was so rough.<br/>
The mayhem in the capital of Symphonia is finally over.<br/>
 