[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c106](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/07/07/wm-chapter-106-takatsuki-makoto-learns-about-his-own-ability/)
<br/><br/>
“Noah-sama?” (Makoto)<br/>
After the fight with the monsters, I collapsed in my room at the inn and fell asleep.<br/>
And by the time I noticed, I was called to the space of the Goddess inside my dreams, but…<br/>
The Noah-sama that is always smiling, has expressions as if scheming something, or making a plethora of other expressions, currently has a meek expression.<br/>
She has one hand resting on her chin and is staring straight at me.<br/>
Is she in a bad mood?<br/>
“…Hey, Makoto.” (Noah)<br/>
“Yes?” (Makoto)<br/>
Did I do something to make Noah-sama angry?<br/>
“My past Apostles were incredibly strong swordsmen or genius mages, and many other varieties.” (Noah)<br/>
“Noah-sama’s past men?” (Makoto)<br/>
I am kinda interested, and at the same time, I don’t want to hear about it.<br/>
“Apostles are not limited to men only, there were also women. And so, there were a variety of people, but you really are the weirdest one of them all.” (Noah)<br/>
“What part?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Synchronizing with a Spirit. That’s impossible. Especially for humans.” (Noah)<br/>
“But I could though?” (Makoto)<br/>
I was surprised that the Great Water Spirit, Undine, suddenly appeared.<br/>
In the end, what was even that? That figure of the Great Spirit.<br/>
“Now that I think about it, the Great Water Spirit looked a little bit like you, Noah-sama. Is it somewhat related to that?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Aah, about that. Spirits don’t have a clear shape, but the Spirits love the Titan Gods, so I think she was simply copying my appearance.” (Noah)<br/>
“I see.” (Makoto)<br/>
That’s why it was similar.<br/>
Noah-sama is cute, so it can’t be helped.<br/>
“Got side-tracked there. Makoto…” (Noah)<br/>
“Yes, what is it?” (Makoto)<br/>
Noah-sama looks at me straight.<br/>
“The requirement to sync with Spirits…the necessary Magic Proficiency is 1,000.” (Noah)<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
…1,000? My current Proficiency…is around 200 if I remember correctly.<br/>
Honestly speaking, even when I trained my magic normally, it hasn’t been raising at all lately.<br/>
It increased when I fought Geralt-san and went out of control though.<br/>
Is 1,000 even possible realistically?<br/>
“A Magic Proficiency of 1,000 is a territory that only weirdos who spend their whole life polishing one magic element can reach, and that’s for long-living elves, and even they don’t manage to reach it by a close margin…” (Noah)<br/>
They can’t reach it?! <br/>
Noah-sama waves a piece of paper that I am used to seeing while giggling.<br/>
“Taking my Soul Book on your own again…Then, why was I able to sync with a Spirit?” (Makoto)<br/>
Noah-sama silently points at my Soul Book.<br/>
There…<br/>
[Moon Magic: Charm].<br/>
“This is…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Looks like it is the Gift Skill you got after becoming the Moon Guardian Knight.” (Noah)<br/>
Aah, I see.<br/>
The reward from becoming the Guardian Knight of Furiae-san.<br/>
“…The Charm Skill, huh.” (Makoto)<br/>
Aah, I didn’t get Dark Magic…what a shame.<br/>
“Looks like you don’t understand yet. Thanks to this Charm Magic, you managed to get the help of the Great Water Spirit, Undine-chan, you know?” (Noah)<br/>
“?!” (Makoto)<br/>
Uhm, what does that mean?<br/>
I was able to sync because I charmed a Spirit?<br/>
Noah-sama smiles with an amazed face.<br/>
“I didn’t know either. That there was a hidden method like this of being able to sync with Undine if you have a Water Proficiency of 200 and Charm Magic…” (Noah)<br/>
“…”<br/>
Hidden method?<br/>
“The conditions are probably like this. The magic proficiency of that element has to be more than 200.” (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama raises one finger.<br/>
“Two: to be the believer of a Titan God that’s loved by Spirits.” (Noah)<br/>
She raises a second finger.<br/>
“Three: Be able to use Charm Magic.” (Noah)<br/>
Then, she raises the third finger, and pushes it right in front of my face.<br/>
Now that she puts it out like that…<br/>
“I am doing something a bit weird here, maybe?” (Makoto)<br/>
“You trained and went over the limit that the Goddess Church set, became the believer of an Evil God that goes against the Holy Gods, and you have now learned Moon Magic that’s hated by this continent. What do you think about that?” (Noah)<br/>
Aah, now that she mentions it…<br/>
Why am I doing all that hated stuff I wonder?<br/>
“To be honest, when you became the Guardian Knight of the Moon Oracle, I was like ‘seriously?’. You weren’t aiming for this when you did that, right, Makoto?” (Noah)<br/>
“I wasn’t… Aah, but…” (Makoto)<br/>
“But…?” (Noah)<br/>
“When you pick the tough choices, isn’t the return bigger?” (Makoto)<br/>
I answered seriously there, but Noah-sama furrowed her brows.<br/>
“So that’s your basic stance, Makoto… As the person watching you, I am worried, you know?” (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama chuckles while fiddling with her beautiful silver hair. <br/>
A believer shouldn’t be making their Goddess worry, huh.<br/>
“You became stronger as a result, so I personally feel happy about it though.” (Noah)<br/>
‘Haah’, she sighs and then laughs with a ‘fufu’.<br/>
“Rejoice, Makoto. When you synced with Undine, you were Saint Class for that instance only.” (Noah)<br/>
“Huh…?” (Makoto)<br/>
What did you say just now, Noah-sama?<br/>
“A Spirit that has infinite mana. A mage that can use that mana. Something like that is obviously Saint Class.” (Noah)<br/>
“Uhm…but…” (Makoto)<br/>
Really?<br/>
Noah-sama isn’t just saying whatever fits, right?<br/>
“You really doubt your Goddess.” (Noah)<br/>
*Peshi*, she lightly hits my forehead.<br/>
“Just telling you but, you weren’t able to control your Spirit Magic at all, you know?” (Noah)<br/>
“It certainly was out of control, right? I do have memories of that…” (Makoto)<br/>
The memory of feeling dizzy from Mana Dizziness.<br/>
“That was dangerous. You could have sunk the Highland capital there, you know?” (Noah)<br/>
“No no no.” (Makoto)<br/>
That’s exaggerating.<br/>
“You could have easily done that. Spirit Magic is that kind of magic after all.” (Noah)<br/>
“…”<br/>
“You can’t do minute controls on it, but it blows everything away. It is not magic that defeats only one target, but magic that kills thousands. It is not magic for battle, but for war. That’s why the Holy Gods limited Spirit Magic.” (Noah)<br/>
“For war…” (Makoto)<br/>
I-Is that so.<br/>
“But maybe that Water Goddess Eir knew this would happen? I was thinking that she was being pretty generous there gifting Saint Rank Water Magic.” (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama laughs evilly with a ‘hihihi’.<br/>
Ah, she returned to the usual Noah-sama.<br/>
“Then, the result was good?” (Makoto)<br/>
“You’ve gotten stronger, Makoto. But be careful. If you overdo it, the Holy Gods will keep an eye on you. Also, if you fail to control your Spirit Magic, you can easily destroy a city, okay?” (Noah)<br/>
“…I will be careful.” (Makoto)<br/>
I went out of control twice in Symphonia after all…<br/>
A 3rd time won’t be good.<br/>
If I were to go out of control in Makkaren…<br/>
“Also, one more thing.” (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama places a hand on my cheek.<br/>
“I am going to tell you something important.” (Noah)<br/>
“There’s more…?” (Makoto)<br/>
“It is something incredibly important. Makoto, why do you think that Charm Magic of the Moon Oracle didn’t work?” (Noah)<br/>
“Eh? Hmm, that’s…” (Makoto)<br/>
Now that I think about it, Prince Leonard was surprised.<br/>
I feel like my resistance to abnormal status effects is abnormally high.<br/>
“The reason why magic like ‘Charm’ and ‘Fear’ don’t work on me is because of Clear Mind…right?” (Makoto)<br/>
When fighting the Taboo Monsters, the Harpy Queen, and the Moon Oracle’s magic, I was able to resist it.<br/>
Noah-sama shook her head to the sides.<br/>
“That’s not it. Clear Mind is a skill that keeps your mind calm. You may be able to resist it, but it can’t negate it. In the first place, the Charm of the Moon Oracle is Monarch Rank, you know. There’s no one who could endure it.” (Noah)<br/>
“…But I was okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
Noah-sama slides towards me.<br/>
“By the way, my Charm is God Rank. On top of that, the top among Gods! It is said that I can charm all of creation! You shouldn’t be able to stay sane with just one glance!” (Noah)<br/>
“A-Alright…” (Makoto)<br/>
Even if you tell me that…<br/>
Maybe Noah-sama got excited there, she flails her arms as she said this.<br/>
She certainly is a cute Goddess, but saying that she is the top among Gods is a bit…<br/>
“And yet, my only believer is this calm! Moreover, he somewhat internally thinks ‘does she have anything to say?’!” (Noah)<br/>
Ah shit, she read my mind.<br/>
“Haah…haaah…well, fine. I will tell you. The reason why the Charm of the Moon Oracle and I doesn’t work, as well as why the abnormal effect attacks of the Taboo Monsters are not effective…” (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama’s eyes were sharp.<br/>
“Because of the RPG Player Skill.” (Noah)<br/>
…Hm?<br/>
“It doesn’t have the effect of negating abnormal status effects though.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Right. But there’s Perspective Change in the RPG Player Skill, right?” (Niah)<br/>
“Yes, there is.” (Makoto)<br/>
A perspective where I am looking at my own back.<br/>
In other words, a perspective you have when playing RPG games.<br/>
I don’t need to turn around. It is a bit convenient of a Skill.<br/>
A Skill that has no battle capabilities.<br/>
It has nothing to do with status effects though?<br/>
Noah-sama kept silent for a while before speaking.<br/>
“…RPG Player’s Perspective Change. That perspective…ends up being outside the world.” (Noah)<br/>
“What do you mean by that?” (Makoto)<br/>
Outside the world?<br/>
“Hmm, how to put it…” (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama searches for words while touching her bangs.<br/>
“When you were playing RPG Games in your previous world, even when your character on the screen was confused, it is not like you as the controller was confused, right?” (Noah)<br/>
“…Well, obviously… Is that how it works?” (Makoto)<br/>
“That’s right. The Player Perspective is watching this world as a spectator.” (Noah)<br/>
That’s amazing?<br/>
“It is rare. You can block God Rank Charm Magic after all.” (Noah)<br/>
“But in terms of battle power…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Well, there’s none.” (Noah)<br/>
Figures.<br/>
The mind reading ability of Fuji-yan that’s a utility Skill seems stronger.<br/>
And Sa-san’s [Remaining Lives] is on the unfair level.<br/>
Oh well, Spirit Magic is strengthening fine, so I should polish that.<br/>
“Makoto, what’s important comes now. Do you know the minus of Perspective Change?” (Noah)<br/>
“Minus?” (Makoto)<br/>
For a Skill that simply makes abnormal status effects harder to affect you, there’s a minus?<br/>
“There is. A perspective from outside the world…because of it, your sense of fear dims. You can deal with things somewhat calmly no matter what dangerous situation you are in, right? It is fine if that were all it is, but you would rush to danger by your own volition, and would choose dangerous choices purposely, right?” (Noah)<br/>
“……”<br/>
It makes me remember the talk of before.<br/>
The requirements to sync with a Spirit.<br/>
Paths that you normally wouldn’t choose.<br/>
Could it be that I have been affected by the Skill?<br/>
“What a problematic minus.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Well, thanks to that, you are staying as my Apostle, so it is something to be grateful for as well though.” (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama smiles and ruffles my hair.<br/>
“I wanted to warn you about that today. You have kept your word and are getting stronger. Thanks to your Skill, you can take calm and daring actions. But if you continue being reckless, you will one day fail.” (Noah)<br/>
“…Yes, understood.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Then, it is about time you return. It looks like you have visitors.” (Noah)<br/>
“Visitors?” (Makoto)<br/>
The Goddess grins.<br/>
“You are popular, Makoto.” (Noah)<br/>
“…?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Do your best~.” (Noah)<br/>
She waved her hand and I was covered in light.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, wake up~.” <br/>
“Makoto, you are sleeping too much.” <br/>
When I open my eyes, there’s a red haired girl and a light brown haired girl.<br/>
The long hair of Lucy was on me and it was ticklish.<br/>
Sa-san, don’t get on my bed, you are not a cat.<br/>
“Good morning, Lucy, Sa-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
I answer them while stretching.<br/>
“It is already night though.” (Lucy)<br/>
“We have been called to the Highland Castle. Let’s go~.” (Aya)<br/>
 “Eeeh.” (Makoto)<br/>
My body is incredibly heavy though.<br/>
Because I synced with Undine, maybe.<br/>
Thanks to the talk of Noah-sama, I am in a heavy mood too.<br/>
I don’t wanna move from bed.<br/>
“I’m going back to sleep.” (Makoto)<br/>
I crawl into my sheets. <br/>
Haah, so calming.<br/>
I worked hard.<br/>
It is okay to rest, right?<br/>
“Princess Sofia, what should we do about this?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun isn’t getting up~.” (Aya)<br/>
“Haah, our country’s Hero is troubling.” (Sofia)<br/>
Hmm?<br/>
I think I heard the voice of Princess Sofia just now.<br/>
“Hie!” (Makoto)<br/>
An incredibly cold hand touched the back of my neck!<br/>
“You always sync without permission, so this is payback.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia with the face of a pranking child was there.<br/>
Ah, uhm…<br/>
This is supposed to be my personal room in the inn though.<br/>
Why is everyone entering as they want?<br/>
“Makoto, there’s apparently a victory party at the castle.” (Lucy)<br/>
“There’s apparently a lot~ of food.” (Aya)<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san pull me from both sides and take me out from the bed.<br/>
“I am fine. You two go.” (Makoto)<br/>
I try showing resistance.<br/>
“Noel-sama told us to definitely get the Rozes Hero to come, Hero Makoto.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia smiles at me as she fixes my bed hair.<br/>
“I actually want you to take your time and rest though.” (Sofia)<br/>
“…Let’s go. I will prepare.” (Makoto)<br/>
If you make that face, I can’t be selfish.<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san look at each other.<br/>
“Why are you listening obediently if it is Princess Sofia?” (Lucy)<br/>
“That’s not fair~.” (Aya)<br/>
What’s unfair?<br/>
I am a Country Designated Hero, Princess Sofia is my literal superior here, you know? <br/>
“Okay, then, I will take off your top.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Then, I will take off his trousers~.” (Aya)<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san are trying to undress me?!<br/>
“I will change by myself!” (Makoto)<br/>
I was about to be stripped naked in front of Princess Sofia. I hurriedly had the three of them get out from my room.<br/>
Anyways, Princess Sofia, Lucy, and Sa-san were all together?<br/>
What were those 3 talking about…?<br/>
I am interested, and at the same time, I am scared of asking…<br/>
After I finished changing, I dragged my heavy body to the Highland Castle.<br/>
Advertisements<br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/>
We've received your report.<br/>
                        Thanks for your feedback!<br/>
Seen too often<br/>
Not relevant<br/>
Offensive<br/>
Broken<br/>
Report this ad<br/>
 