[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c107](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/07/08/wm-chapter-107-takatsuki-makoto-participates-in-the-victory-party/)
<br/><br/>
A grand party that has been opened at the great hall of the Highland Castle. <br/>
I have come to this place before.<br/>
The difference from before is that…<br/>
“Hero Makoto-sama! You have done a great job on this occasion!” <br/>
“How about participating in the training of the Sun Knights?!”<br/>
“Please come to the Northern Sky Knight Order, too! Geralt-sama would be happy about that.” <br/>
A lot of knights were surrounding me.<br/>
The Sun Knight Captains Ortho-san and Sutora-san, and their subordinates.<br/>
Also, I tried to talk with the Northern Sky Knights and they were unexpectedly open-hearted.<br/>
“A spell that wiped out that army of monsters all at once! What spell was that?” <br/>
“Uhm, it is an arrangement of the Water Magic: Water Prison…” (Makoto)<br/>
“It felt like a completely different thing… A water giant that felt as if it could pierce through the clouds, it is my first time seeing something like that.” <br/>
It is true that I as the creator also felt as if it were something completely different.<br/>
“Even so, where did those 5,000 old monsters come from…?” <br/>
“Obviously, there’s only one place where there are still a lot of 1,000 year monsters still alive in.” <br/>
“The northern continent…”<br/>
The Sun Knights were talking with complicated expressions.<br/>
The northern continent is called the demonic continent, and it is controlled by the demon race, right?<br/>
“Must be. And the one the monsters are obeying in that continent must be the Beast King, Zagan.” <br/>
“One of the 3 Demon Lords ruling the Demonic Continent…the Demon Lord, Zagan, huh.” <br/>
“The northern continent monsters don’t go out from the continent without the orders of the Beast King…” <br/>
“Are you saying the Beast King has joined forces with the Snake Church?” <br/>
“At the very least, there’s a high chance there was some sort of negotiation involved.” <br/>
“…How problematic.” <br/>
“Yeah. It might affect the Northern Expedition Plan.” <br/>
It somehow turned into a complicated military talk. <br/>
I separate from the knights and head to a table where there’s food.<br/>
The food of Highland is as luxurious as always.<br/>
“U-Uhm, thank you very much for before!” <br/>
A blonde female knight turned her face away as she spoke to me.<br/>
Uhm, this person is the little sister of Geralt, Janet Valentine, was it?<br/>
Before? Did I do something?<br/>
I didn’t even get the chance to talk to her, she just went somewhere else.<br/>
What was that just now…?<br/>
After that…<br/>
“Good evening, Rozes Hero-sama. I am Sandra from the Rolland Household.” <br/>
“Nice to meet you, Hero-sama. Want to talk with me over there?” <br/>
“Hero-sama? Can you tell us heroic stories? And after the party, we could take our time in my room…” <br/>
Noble ladies were talking with me a whole lot.<br/>
…I am not good with people, so I am not good at dealing with strangers talking to me one after the other…<br/>
{…What’s that?} <br/>
{Takatsuki-kun is going all blushy blushy.}<br/>
{It is annoying me…}<br/>
I somewhat heard the voice of people I know.<br/>
Lucy, Sa-san, and Princess Sofia?<br/>
By the way, Furiae-san is absent.<br/>
“Want to go to the Highland Castle together?’, is what I asked and she said ‘Definitely no. But give my regards to Ryosuke’.<br/>
And so, I am currently flustered by the approach of beautiful noble ladies.<br/>
“Hero Makoto-sama, thank you for your laborious contribution in this time’s victory.” <br/>
The crowd of people open up.<br/>
Princess Noel in an extravagant dress appears.<br/>
Sakurai-kun is by his side.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, I heard you defeated 5,000 1,000 year monsters all at once?” (Sakurai)<br/>
“And you defeated more than 100 Taboo Monsters, right? You must have had it rougher, Sakurai-kun.” (Makoto)<br/>
This is something I heard after.<br/>
There was a massive amount of Taboo Monsters attacking from the ocean side.<br/>
…The Snake Church went all out.<br/>
They were defeated by the Light Hero Sakurai-kun though.<br/>
“By the way, where’s Furiae…?” (Sakurai)<br/>
“Absent. She told me to give you her regards.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I see… Where is she right now?” (Sakurai)<br/>
“I think she is together with Fuji-yan at the inn.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I see… I will check later.” (Sakurai)<br/>
While we were having that conversation, Princess Noel cut in.<br/>
“Ryosuke-sama, you must not do that. You have plans later, right? Did you forget?” (Noel)<br/>
“N-Noel, but…” (Sakurai)<br/>
“You must not.” (Noel)<br/>
Princess Noel says with a smile and a peaceful tone, and yet, that voice of hers had a pressure that didn’t allow a no for an answer.<br/>
It sends shivers down my spine.<br/>
I feel like Sakurai-kun ain’t the one with the pants.<br/>
At that time…<br/>
“Hey there, are you having fun, Rozes Hero? Good job on your contribution.” <br/>
The one who spoke suddenly to me with a haughty attitude is a tall man.<br/>
First Prince, Gaius Highland.<br/>
He entered the conversation all proudly and placed a hand on my shoulder with a grin.<br/>
“If you want something, I will give it to you. How about it? Want to work under our Sun Country?” <br/>
“…Huh?” (Makoto)<br/>
What is this old man (prince) saying?<br/>
“P-Please wait, Gaius-sama! He is the Hero of Rozes!” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia jumps in.<br/>
“Princess Sofia, I think that his talent should be put to better use in a large country. How about it, Hero Makoto? Fame, wealth, women; I will give you anything you want. It won’t be comparable to the Water Country. Doesn’t sound bad, right?” <br/>
“Hero Makoto…” (Sofia)<br/>
“…Uhm…” (Makoto)<br/>
What a pain.<br/>
I want to refuse, but I have a past offense in the Laberintos City.<br/>
How do you refuse on these occasions without making it sound rude?<br/>
“Don’t do that, Gaius-anisama. Makoto-sama is the person that might be engaged to Princess Sofia, you know?” (Noel)<br/>
““Eh?””<br/>
Princess Sofia and I raised voices of surprise at the same time.<br/>
“It looks like that’s the first time those two heard about that though…” <br/>
First Prince Gaius says in amazement.<br/>
“The Oracle of the Goddess and the Hero coming from another world getting together and saving the world. You know about that oracle of the Goddess, right?” (Noel)<br/>
Princess Noel says this with a gentle expression.<br/>
What’s that?<br/>
That’s the first time I have heard of that.<br/>
“Hmph, that’s about the Light Hero and you, right? Well, fine. Rozes Hero-dono, I will send an official envoy at a later time.” <br/>
Gaius leaves the place in a bad mood.<br/>
“Princess Noel, Princess Sofia, I heard that the Hero Makoto-sama there is the Guardian Knight of the Moon Oracle. If the Moon Oracle were to cause a rebellion, I would be uneasy with the military force of the Water Country.” <br/>
The one who appeared next was the Prime Minister.<br/>
“I wonder about that. How about having the Rozes Hero-dono live here in the Highland Castle?” <br/>
“T-That’s…” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia was objecting flustered.<br/>
I am beginning to read the situation a bit here.<br/>
They want to put a reason one way or another to keep us here in the Sun Country.<br/>
I have heard that Highland tries to gather as many useful people as possible, and that seems to be true.<br/>
I want to help Princess Sofia, but I have no idea about the rules when negotiating between countries…<br/>
I listened to the conversation of the big shots for a while and…<br/>
“Oi, Spirit User. If you are in the Highland Castle, why aren’t you coming to my place?” <br/>
“Great Sage-sama?” (Makoto)<br/>
The Great Sage-sama suddenly appeared! <br/>
The Great Sage-sama tapped my shoulder and the people closeby took a step back.<br/>
{The Great Sage-sama appearing in a public place like this?} {Even though she hates crowds. This is rare.} {This is the first time I have seen her so up-close.} {What an unbelievable presence.}<br/>
Looks like it is rare for her to appear at places like this.<br/>
“Fumu, a celebration for the battle of before, huh. Making such a big deal from a war of that level.” <br/>
“Great Sage-sensei…it is rare for you to show yourself in a place with this many people.” (Noel)<br/>
Princess Noel speaks nervously. <br/>
“I felt the presence of the Spirit User-kun, you see.” <br/>
“I thought about going later.” (Makoto)<br/>
The Great Sage-sama looked around with arms crossed while still looking like she was in a bad mood.<br/>
Her whole body is floating in the air.<br/>
“Getting ahead of yourselves just because you did a bit well. Oi, you are probably getting tempted by nobles, but don’t go throwing away your precious virgini—” <br/>
“Hey!” (Makoto)<br/>
I hurriedly cover the mouth of the Great Sage-sama.<br/>
What are you saying in a place with this many people?! <br/>
{Oi, don’t cover my mouth. I can’t talk like that.} <br/>
{Don’t say weird stuff!} (Makoto)<br/>
{What, you should take pride in your virginity.} <br/>
{As if I can! I won’t be giving you anymore blood!} (Makoto)<br/>
{Muh…that would trouble me.}<br/>
You understand now?<br/>
That was dangerous.<br/>
It seems like she doesn’t appear much in front of people, so she might have lost her common sense…<br/>
“Well then, I will be waiting.” <br/>
“Yes yes, I will go later.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Definitely, okay?!” <br/>
After saying that, the Great Sage-sama used teleport to disappear.<br/>
What a troubling person.<br/>
““““““……””””””<br/>
By the time I noticed, all the people in the venue were looking over here.<br/>
Princess Noel, the Prime Minister, the nobles, the sacred profession people, knights, the people doing their jobs in the party.<br/>
Even the King at the seat of honor had his mouth wide open.<br/>
…Why?<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun…you are really close to the Great Sage-sama, huh.” (Sakurai)<br/>
Sakurai-kun speaks to me nervously. <br/>
“No, I wouldn’t say close.” (Makoto)<br/>
I am simply giving her my blood every now and then.<br/>
After that, people who spoke to me at the party went down drastically.<br/>
Really, why?<br/>
It is fine by me since strangers stopped talking to me and I was feeling more relaxed now though.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“Good evening~.” (Makoto)<br/>
Since I had nothing to do after the amount of people talking to me had decreased, I went to the Great Sage-sama’s place.<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san were talking to the 3rd and 4rd Division of the Sun Knights and the Southern Sky Knights that they fought together with, so I came here alone.<br/>
“You are late!” <br/>
When I entered the residence, the Great Sage-sama was lying on the sofa.<br/>
She is still in a bad mood it seems.<br/>
“Sit here.” <br/>
“Okay…” (Makoto)<br/>
I sat by the side of the Great Sage-sama.<br/>
“Alright.” <br/>
“Eh?! Wait, Great Sage-sama?” (Makoto)<br/>
The Great Sage-sama straddles  my lap facing me.<br/>
Of course, it ended up with us facing each other at an incredibly close range.<br/>
The red eyes of the Great Sage-sama, her white skin, and her young face were approaching me.<br/>
Her cold breath hit my face.<br/>
“Oi, support my back. You are inconsiderate.” <br/>
“Okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
(This selfish Great Sage-sama…) (Makoto)<br/>
I mutter this in my heart while wrapping my arms around the back of the Great Sage-sama.<br/>
She is light.<br/>
“Fufu, time to dig in.” <br/>
My neck was bitten.<br/>
I am getting used to this pain already.<br/>
I can hear the gulping sounds of the Great Sage-sama in my ear.<br/>
I had nothing to do while the Great Sage-sama was drinking, so I rubbed her back.<br/>
(What a small body…) (Makoto)<br/>
But the mana I can feel from her is overwhelming.<br/>
She looks as if she were 10 though.<br/>
A legendary mage that has been alive since more than 1,000 years ago.<br/>
(I can’t see that…) (Makoto)<br/>
I put my hand on top of the Great Sage-sama’s head and pet it.<br/>
“!” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama raises her head with a surprised expression.<br/>
Her big red eyes were wide open as she looked at me.<br/>
Oops, was I rude?<br/>
She is a big shot of Highland.<br/>
Did I make her angry?<br/>
But judging from her expression, she doesn’t seem to be angry.<br/>
“…Continue.” <br/>
She said in a low voice that I couldn’t pick up at first.<br/>
“What?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Continue petting my head.” <br/>
“O-Okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
I continued petting the head of the Great Sage-sama with her on my lap for a while.<br/>
Looks like she liked it.<br/>
I continued getting my blood sucked.<br/>
Is she charging extra here?<br/>
On this day, my blood was sucked more than normal.<br/>
I felt a bit anemic.<br/>
On top of that, this is the residence of the Great Sage-sama.<br/>
I lowered my guard thinking there wouldn’t be any ‘enemies’ coming.<br/>
Maybe that’s why…<br/>
I didn’t notice the people entering the room until they got close.<br/>
“T-Takatsuki-kun and the Great Sage-sama?! What are you doing?!” <br/>
Sakurai-kun shouts in surprise.<br/>
“Eeeeeh?! Sofia-san, you must not look!” (Noel) <br/>
“E-Eh? Noel-sama, did something happen?” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Noel was there covering both of the eyes of Princess Sofia.<br/>
(…Eh?) (Makoto)<br/>
Looks like a big misunderstanding has happened here…<br/>
Advertisements<br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/>
We've received your report.<br/>
                        Thanks for your feedback!<br/>
Seen too often<br/>
Not relevant<br/>
Offensive<br/>
Broken<br/>
Report this ad<br/>
 