[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c110](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/07/13/wm-chapter-110-takatsuki-makoto-returns-to-the-water-city/)
<br/><br/>
Sponsored Chapter!<br/>
At the skies of Symphonia, in the Flying Ship.<br/>
“Furiae…you are going to Rozes?”<br/>
“It is better if we don’t meet again…Ryosuke.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Don’t say that…” (Sakurai)<br/>
“Forget about me.” (Furiae)<br/>
“No.” (Sakurai)<br/>
“But…” (Furiae)<br/>
“I will go meet you.” (Sakurai)<br/>
“…Idiot.” (Furiae)<br/>
Sakurai-kun and Furiae-san were having a morning drama on the bow of the ship.<br/>
Lucy, Sa-san, and I were looking at that from a slightly faraway place.<br/>
“Hey hey, Makoto, the princess-sama that you are protecting is having a breakup talk with the Light Hero-sama?” (Lucy)<br/>
“I think that’s a long distance relationship.” (Makoto)<br/>
“That so.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Sakurai-kun is always popular, huh~.” (Aya)<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san were looking at it as if amazed.<br/>
By the way, Princess Sofia said she still had things to do and remained in the capital.<br/>
Prince Leonard too.<br/>
“Takki-dono, I want to depart already…” (Fuji)<br/>
Fuji-yan came with a troubled expression.<br/>
On the side, there’s the idiotic couple of the Light Hero and the Moon Oracle.<br/>
“Oi, Sakurai-kun! It seems it is about time we depart.” (Makoto) <br/>
““?!””<br/>
The two of them separate as if surprised.<br/>
Huh? Took them that long to notice?<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun! Sorry for helping me out so much. I am counting on you with Furiae.” (Sakurai)<br/>
Sakurai-kun came with an embarrassed expression.<br/>
“It is fine. We will be in Makkaren, so come hang out every now and then.” (Makoto)<br/>
I am still the Guardian Knight of Furiae-san, so we are going to be together.<br/>
The Moon Oracle can’t live in Highland, so it has ended with her staying at the Water Country.<br/>
“Farewell, Sakurai-dono.” (Fuji)<br/>
“Farewell, Fujiwara-kun.” (Sakurai)<br/>
Sakurai-kun smiles brightly. It is the usual him.<br/>
At that moment, I remember what Princess Noel told me.<br/>
“Sakurai-kun, don’t push yourself too hard, okay? When you come to Makkaren, I will bring you to a delicious restaurant (Fuji-yan will). Also, we have hot springs, so you can relax.” (Makoto)<br/>
It seems like he doesn’t have the chance to sleep being treated as the Savior after all.<br/>
It is good that he is diligent, but there’s a limit to it.<br/>
“Yeah…thanks.” (Sakurai)<br/>
Sakurai-kun said with a slightly fatigued voice.<br/>
Is he really okay…?<br/>
◇◇<br/>
Symphonia is growing further away.<br/>
Even if we are apart, the gigantic highland castle was still showing its presence.<br/>
“That castle is seriously damn big.” (Makoto)<br/>
I looked at it impressed and…<br/>
“It really is an annoying castle.” (Furiae)<br/>
The one who came to my side was Furiae-san who was now out of her daze.<br/>
It looks like she hates the Highland Castle.<br/>
Or maybe she hates Highland itself.<br/>
“You are now apart from Sakurai-kun. Lonely?” (Makoto)<br/>
“S-Shut up. I won’t meet him again! So, what kind of place is this Makkaren we are going to?” (Furiae)<br/>
“Uhm, it is a normal rural place…” (Makoto)<br/>
How do I even begin explaining it, is what I was thinking when…<br/>
“Makoto!” “Takatsuki-kun!” <br/>
Lucy and Sa-san raised agitated voices.<br/>
At the same time as they said this, a big shadow passes above us.<br/>
A shadow with giant wings.<br/>
(What’s that? A wyvern?) (Makoto)<br/>
*Shuu*<br/>
Something lands on the Flying Ship.<br/>
Shining blonde hair and golden armor.<br/>
Ultramarine eyes and a sharp gaze.<br/>
“Oi, Rozes Hero, why are you so hurried in going back?” <br/>
It is the Lightning Hero, Geralt.<br/>
An admirable wyvern is flying around the top of the Flying Ship.<br/>
“We finished our job here, so we are simply going back home.” (Makoto)<br/>
Geralt-san furrows his brows.<br/>
“Running away with the victory, huh… Oi, we are going to have a rematch at the Fire Country’s martial arts tournament. I will win next time!” (Geralt)<br/>
“……”<br/>
Eeeeh~.<br/>
This person totally intends to have a rematch.<br/>
Maan.<br/>
Can I avoid it somehow?<br/>
“How about, the one who defeats the most Demon Lords at the Northern Expedition is the one who wins?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Huh?” (Geralt)<br/>
He glared at me with an incredible face.<br/>
But it seems he thought of something, he seemed to be convinced.<br/>
“Got it. That’s fine with me.” (Geralt)<br/>
Saying this, he jumped onto his wyvern and left.<br/>
That’s a relief, I managed to convince him.<br/>
“Makoto, is it okay to say something like that?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, can you defeat a Demon Lord alone?” (Aya)<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san say worried.<br/>
“It is okay. I don’t want to fight Geralt, so I just said whatever came to mind.” (Makoto)<br/>
I am already tired of pain.<br/>
More importantly, I want to train with Undine.<br/>
But I haven’t been able to call her once since then…<br/>
Maybe I should consult with Noah-sama…<br/>
“Takatsuki-sama, you are close to the Lightning Hero-sama…?” (Nina)<br/>
“He went through the trouble of chasing us?” (Chris)<br/>
Nina-san and Chris-san were watching in wonder at the direction Geralt-san flew off to.<br/>
“He probably came here to see him off…” (Fuji)<br/>
Fuji-yan muttered.<br/>
“Really?” (Makoto)<br/>
Is he a tsundere?<br/>
Eeh, your character has changed, Geralt-san.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
A while after, a peaceful travel in the sky continued.<br/>
“This is the sight on a Flying Ship…” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san looks outside with her long hair flowing with the wind.<br/>
“Is this your first time on one?” (Makoto)<br/>
I go to her side.<br/>
“I was born and raised in the ruins of the Moon Country after all… The only time I left the country was when the Sun Country forcefully dragged me out.” (Furiae)<br/>
Her profile was filled with grief.<br/>
Maybe she wants to return to her own country?<br/>
But the ruins of the Moon Country apparently have the worst public order, so it is not a place you can just freely return to.<br/>
While I was thinking that, she asked me.<br/>
“Hey, my knight, what kind of place was the place you were born in?” (Furiae)<br/>
“Me?” (Makoto)<br/>
Explain about Tokyo?<br/>
It is hard to explain to a person of this world.<br/>
“There’s buildings 3 times taller than that of the Highland Castle all over the place, and there’s big metallic machines running around everywhere. Also, there’s a carriage that can have more than several hundreds of people in it, with adults who have lifeless eyes, coming and going everyday.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…It is pretty different from what I heard of Ryosuke.” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san makes a complicated expression.<br/>
“What did Sakurai-kun say?” (Makoto)<br/>
“There’s no monsters, it is peaceful, and you don’t get killed from racial discrimination.” (Furiae)<br/>
“……”<br/>
Well, that’s true.<br/>
There’s no magic, no adventures, and it was somewhat boring -in my opinion.<br/>
“That’s not true, Takatsuki-kun! Tokyo is a place with a whole lot of delicious sweets!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san jumps into the conversation.<br/>
Looks like, for Sa-san, the sweetness in this world is not enough.<br/>
“Now that you mention it, you are also an otherworlder, right, Warrior-san?” (Furiae)<br/>
“That’s right! Nice to meet you, Princess-sama!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san answers gleefully.<br/>
“You don’t need to call me princess. The one I made a Guardian Knight pact with was with Makoto after all.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Is that how it works?”, Sa-san tilts her head.<br/>
Really? Is there such a rule?<br/>
“Then, what should I call you? Furiae-san?” (Aya)<br/>
“Everyone, please wait! It would be dangerous to use the name of Furiae-dono in Makkaren. The name of the Moon Oracle is famous. Just in case, it would be safer to use a fake name-desu zo.” (Fuji)<br/>
Fuji-yan came and warned us.<br/>
I see, he has a point.<br/>
“My name is that known?” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san says displeased.<br/>
“If they were to hear your name with that appearance, most people would link you to the Moon Oracle.” (Nina)<br/>
Nina-san came as well.<br/>
It is true that she is a beauty that would have 10 people out of 10 turning around.<br/>
The name of the Moon Oracle is decently known. <br/>
It would be exposed in an instant.<br/>
“Is there a good alias?” (Furiae)<br/>
“Even if you ask so suddenly…” (Makoto)<br/>
…After thinking for a while.<br/>
“Then, I will go with Furi.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Got it, Fu-chan.” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san immediately destroyed her name.<br/>
Is there a point in the alias with that way of calling her?<br/>
“What what, what are you guys talking about?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Lucy, from today on, Princess Furiae will be Princess Furi.” (Makoto)<br/>
“? What’s with that?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Also, I am supposed to be protecting an important noble of some nation.” (Makoto)<br/>
That’s the setting apparently.<br/>
If I am calling her princess, that should be good.<br/>
I explain the background to Lucy.<br/>
“Got it! Let’s get along, Furi!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Yes, let’s get along, Mage-san.” (Furi)<br/>
This Princess-san doesn’t call her comrades by name.<br/>
Is she purposely creating a wall?<br/>
(Well, she can just get closer with the others slowly.) (Makoto)<br/>
I watch the view outside the Flying Ship.<br/>
The fields that stretch far and wide.<br/>
Huge fertile lands.<br/>
I can tell that the Sun Country prospers.<br/>
It is different from Rozes that only has forests and lakes.<br/>
Well, I still like the Water Country.<br/>
I can finally go back to it.<br/>
◇<br/>
“There’s a problem…” (Fuji)<br/>
The voice of Fuji-yan resonated while we were having dinner at the dining hall of the Flying Ship.<br/>
There’s a magic transmitter on his hand.<br/>
At his side, there’s Chris-san with a pale face.<br/>
“What’s the matter, Fuji-yan?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Takki-dono, looks like the meeting to decide the next feudal lord of Makkaren is going to be taking place soon.” (Fuji)<br/>
“That’s sudden.” (Makoto)<br/>
The Makkaren feudal lord has 3 children.<br/>
All of them are women.<br/>
Christiana-san is the second daughter.<br/>
“My elder sister and little sister must have plotted this. They thought this was their chance with Danna-sama having left for a long time.” (Chris)<br/>
Chris-san says mortified.<br/>
“Let’s return to Makkaren quickly.” (Nina)<br/>
Nina-san pulls the sleeve of Chris-san.<br/>
“Takki-dono, I am sorry, but we are going to be returning to Makkaren at full speed, and we have to prepare for the feudal lord selection meeting. We might need the help of the Water Country’s Hero, your help, Takki-dono…” (Fuji)<br/>
“Don’t talk as if we are strangers here, Fuji-yan. I would do anything for you.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Takatsuki-sama…” “Hero-sama.” <br/>
Even Nina-san and Chris-san were directing eyes of gratitude at me, but my answer was the natural one.<br/>
I owe Fuji-yan for being my ally even when knowing that I am the Apostle of an Evil God.<br/>
I have to return a debt with my all.<br/>
But a fight between nobles to become the successor sounds like it is going to be troubling.<br/>
I don’t know if I can be of help.<br/>
The result of flying at full speed, we managed to return to Makkaren in half the time.<br/>
“Now then, we will be going now.” (Fuji)<br/>
Fuji-yan and the others left promptly.<br/>
“How about showing ourselves at the Adventurer Guild?” (Makoto)<br/>
I turned around and proposed to the 3.<br/>
“Right. I haven’t met Mary and Emily in a while.” (Lucy)<br/>
“I want to eat the grilled chicken skewers at the stalls.” (Aya)<br/>
“I will accompany you.” (Furi)<br/>
Looks like there’s no objections.<br/>
It has been a while, Makkaren! <br/>
Let’s go meet the people we haven’t met in a while.<br/>
◇Furiae Naia Laphroaig POV◇<br/>
(…What a beautiful city.) <br/>
The first impression I had of this city called Makkaren was such a trite one.<br/>
A maintained city.<br/>
Waterways flowing at the sides.<br/>
Houses made of bricks lined up beautifully.<br/>
The people walking around were humans, beastkin, and many other races, all walking while getting along with each other.<br/>
The children running around all had smiles on their faces.<br/>
(…This is not fair. It is completely different from the Moon Country.) (Furiae)<br/>
Rustic ruins, the site of the Moon Country, Laphroaig.<br/>
The drainage and the trash wasn’t managed, and women and children couldn’t walk around alone.<br/>
The safest place to be in were the underground streets.<br/>
I had been living in a dirty dwelling underground since the time I remember.<br/>
The ones taking care of me were the people who followed the Moon Goddess fervently.<br/>
I don’t know who my own parents are.<br/>
I haven’t had any fun, and just lived my life as simple passing days.<br/>
The cityscape of the water city of Makkaren was way too dazzling for me.<br/>
I walk with unsteady steps.<br/>
(If I were to live in a city like this, I could also…) (Furiae)<br/>
“That’s dangerous.” <br/>
My hand was suddenly held.<br/>
“Eh?” (Furiae)<br/>
Makoto pulls me over.<br/>
“Ah.” (Furiae)<br/>
Looks like I was about to fall in the waterway without noticing.<br/>
Makoto was looking at me with eyes of ‘what are you doing?’.<br/>
“Thanks…my knight.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Be careful, Princess.” (Makoto)<br/>
He let go of my hand immediately.<br/>
He moved on with his back facing me.<br/>
(He touches me without any hesitation…) (Furiae)<br/>
There wasn’t anyone in the Moon Country who would get close to me who was called the Cursed Oracle.<br/>
They said it was too much of an honor, but they actually must have been scared.<br/>
It was the same for the people in the Sun Country.<br/>
They feared my curse and no one got close to me.<br/>
That’s why I controlled them all with Charm Magic.<br/>
My knight is different.<br/>
He doesn’t hesitate when touching me.<br/>
“Makoto, it has been a while since we have returned to Makkaren!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun! Let’s go to the hot springs together!” (Aya)<br/>
Lucy and Aya hug him from both sides.<br/>
“Wa?! It is hard to walk like this!” (Makoto)<br/>
My knight had a slightly flushed face as he tried to escape from it.<br/>
Even though my charm magic doesn’t work on him.<br/>
It seems like he gets flustered when it comes to his female comrades.<br/>
Even though he is my Guardian Knight, he walks ahead without looking back.<br/>
Ah, he stopped.<br/>
“Ooi, Princess, just ahead of here, there’s the Adventurer Guild of Makkaren.” (Makoto)<br/>
He just turned his head and looked at my eyes as he said this.<br/>
I tried to use Charm Magic in my eyes and see what happens, but he doesn’t even notice and turns his head back.<br/>
As if he had no interest.<br/>
(It is kind of fresh…) (Furiae)<br/>
Makoto and the others enter a big building.<br/>
“Quick, Fu-chan.” “Furi, come.” <br/>
I heard Lucy and Aya calling me.<br/>
(…This might be a first for me.) (Furiae)<br/>
I take a deep breath and step into the Water City’s Adventurer Guild.<br/>
Advertisements<br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/>
We've received your report.<br/>
                        Thanks for your feedback!<br/>
Seen too often<br/>
Not relevant<br/>
Offensive<br/>
Broken<br/>
Report this ad<br/>
 