[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c115](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/07/20/wm-chapter-115-takatsuki-and-sakaki-aya/)
<br/><br/>
Sponsored Chapter!<br/>
◇Sasaki Aya reminisces◇<br/>
3rd year of middle school.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun\~.” <br/>
“Hm?” <br/>
When I called Takatsuki-kun, he separated his gaze from his reference book and looked at me.<br/>
If left be, he has the concentration to keep it up for several hours.<br/>
(I am surprised he can keep that up.) (Aya)<br/>
We were studying for our exams in a certain hamburger place.<br/>
“Is something the matter, Sa-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Let’s have a short break\~.” (Aya)<br/>
My concentration broke a long time ago.<br/>
But I felt bad about interrupting him, so I was tagging along with him, but…<br/>
(2 hours with no conversation…) (Aya)<br/>
If this were among girls, it would have turned into chatter in less than 10 minutes.<br/>
It seems like Takatsuki wanted something sweet, he went to buy a mcshake. <br/>
I want some too.<br/>
“Hey, I can have one sip?” (Aya)<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
I steal the shake of Takatsuki-kun and put my mouth on the straw.<br/>
Aah, sweet. Tasty.<br/>
Takatsuki-kun got a bit red.<br/>
Ah, an indirect kiss, huh…<br/>
That’s fine.<br/>
We always do this anyways.<br/>
Maybe I should buy something salty later to give him in return.<br/>
I was bored from all the studying, so I began talking to Takatsuki-kun.<br/>
We talked about things with no set topic for a while.<br/>
“Hey, Takatsuki-kun, why do you want to go to that high school?” (Aya)<br/>
I wondered about that and tried asking.<br/>
“Cause you are going to that same high school, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh?” (Aya)<br/>
Is he saying he wants to go to the same high school as me?<br/>
“…Isn’t it nice to be in the same school with your friends?” (Makoto)<br/>
Takatsuki-kun looks the other way and says this as if embarrassed.<br/>
“Aah…yeah.” (Aya)<br/>
I-I see.<br/>
H-Heeh, he prefers being together with me, huh…<br/>
It makes me happy to hear that.<br/>
I don’t remember when exactly I began to fall in love with him, but I feel like it was at this time when we were studying for our exams that I began to grow a deeper romantic interest for him.<br/>
“Studying really is boring’, is what I would say resting my hand on my chin as I watched him reading the reference books -I liked to watch that face of his.<br/>
Takatsuki-kun and I safely got admitted to the same high school.<br/>
We got to be in the same class.<br/>
From then on, Takatsuki-kun began to get along with Fujiwara-kun, and I got a bit jealous…but I also felt it was great that he managed to make another friend other than me.<br/>
The three of us began to hang out together pretty regularly.<br/>
Of course, we also played just the two of us as we did in the past.<br/>
At the time when I thought ‘it is almost christmas, I should confess’…<br/>
I died and reincarnated as a Lamia in a parallel world.<br/>
I was born in a dark and damp dungeon.<br/>
There were creepy insects skittering around on the cold ground.<br/>
That’s where I slept.<br/>
I had nothing to wear.<br/>
I didn’t have much food, and I had to eat anything in order to survive.<br/>
For a person like me that was raised in a peaceful household of Japan, this was way too harsh of an environment.<br/>
Painful, lonely, miserable…<br/>
At first, I cried, I couldn’t stop my tears.<br/>
(Aah, God, did I do something bad…?) (Aya)<br/>
No matter where I went, I only saw monsters.<br/>
I also saw humans every now and then.<br/>
They are called adventurers in this world.<br/>
Humans are the enemies of monsters, and their food.<br/>
I am a Lamia.<br/>
A monster that eats humans.<br/>
A target for hunting.<br/>
The only saving I had was that I wasn’t alone.<br/>
I had a lot of sisters, and my mother-sama.<br/>
I slowly began to get used to the hunting that I was scared of at first.<br/>
I began to love my family.<br/>
…But they all died.<br/>
Aah, it is the worst, the worst, the worst, the worst, the worst, the worst!<br/>
Whywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhy?! Why do I have to suffer so?! <br/>
At the very least, take away my memories of my previous life.<br/>
I don’t need my memories of the time when I was a human! <br/>
Let me live my life as a monster from the very beginning!<br/>
I thought of this countless times.<br/>
It hurts!<br/>
I remember my past.<br/>
Those days when I had fun.  <br/>
And because of it, I end up comparing them to my pitiful life in this dungeon.<br/>
I delude myself into thinking this is a nightmare, and that by the time I wake up, I will be back in Japan.<br/>
Every time I woke up and saw myself still here, despair pushed right into my heart.<br/>
At that time, the only reason that kept me going without killing myself was my seething rage to take revenge for my family.<br/>
That’s all it was.<br/>
If I had remained in Laberintos in that state, I wouldn’t have been able to remain sane.<br/>
I am sure I would have fallen into madness.<br/>
If I had gotten my revenge, I wouldn’t have had the willpower to continue living on alone.<br/>
I would have died silently by myself.<br/>
But…<br/>
I managed to reunite with Takatsuki-kun.<br/>
He saved me.<br/>
Even when I was a monster, he wasn’t scared at all.<br/>
He had gotten a bit of that calm atmosphere on him through his life as an adventurer…but it is the usual Takatsuki-kun!<br/>
The man I love! <br/>
I was saved by Takatsuki-kun.<br/>
He stretched out his hand and told me: ‘Let’s go back together’.<br/>
Compared to the hellish lonely days in the dungeon, my life since arriving at Makkaren sparkled.<br/>
I was happy as long as I could stay together with Takatsuki-kun.<br/>
I am fine with that alone.<br/>
I don’t need anything else.<br/>
What I want is Takatsuki-kun alone.<br/>
That’s why, please don’t take him away from me…<br/>
I…<br/>
…I don’t want to be alone anymore.<br/>
◇Takatsuki Makoto POV◇<br/>
“S-Sa-san…” (Makoto)<br/>
When I looked up, I saw the face of our strongest vanguard and my friend since middle school.<br/>
Her expression looked mischievous.<br/>
But maybe because the room is dark…there’s no light in her eyes.<br/>
“Hey there, what’s the matter, coming here this late in the night?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Night crawling, Takatsuki-kun.” (Aya)<br/>
As straight as straights can go!<br/>
That she suddenly comes at me like this must mean that…Lucy must have told her something…<br/>
“This position is a bit uncomfortable, so…can I get up?” (Makoto)<br/>
My head is currently in between both arms of Sa-san, and she is riding on top of me, so I can’t move.<br/>
“You kissed Lucy-san, right? Moreover, you were the one who did it. That’s what Lucy-san said.” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san doesn’t show signs of moving.<br/>
Lucy, she skipped a lot of things.<br/>
“No, that was…” (Makoto)<br/>
I explained what happened during the day.<br/>
The one where I myself kissed her was because I wanted to see the Fire Spirits.<br/>
Hearing that, Sa-san made a complicated expression.<br/>
“…Lucy-san said that was her first kiss.” (Aya)<br/>
“Uuh…” (Makoto)<br/>
It pains my heart.<br/>
W-Well, it was my first too.<br/>
“Then, does that mean you and Lucy-san are not a couple yet?” (Aya)<br/>
“Uhm, she told me she would wait for my answer.” (Makoto)<br/>
How did Lucy even explain it to her?<br/>
“Hmm, so that’s how it is.” (Aya)<br/>
I heard the mutter of Sa-san.<br/>
Sa-san said ‘Hey, Takatsuki-kun’ with a serious expression.<br/>
“I…have been in love with you since the time we were in our 3rd year of middle school, Takatsuki-kun…” (Aya)<br/>
“…”<br/>
I was confessed to.<br/>
“Well, you probably don’t think anything about me though…” (Aya)<br/>
Her expression turns sullen.<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
Oi oi, what are you saying, Sa-san?<br/>
That’s not true.<br/>
That’s an unbelievable misunderstanding.<br/>
“I have loved you since autumn of our 1st year of middle school.” (Makoto)<br/>
I have loved her for a longer time than her.<br/>
“……Eh?” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san made a specially dumbfounded expression.<br/>
“1st year of middle school, in autumn? That’s soon after you and I got along, right?” (Aya)<br/>
“To be more precise, the first time you came to my house.” (Makoto)<br/>
My first female friend.<br/>
And she came to play at my house.<br/>
There’s no way I wouldn’t get conscious about that!<br/>
My heart was thumping at that time.<br/>
“T-That’s all it took? Aren’t you way too simple, Takatsuki-kun?” (Aya)<br/>
Middle school men are simple!<br/>
“You came alone to hang out in the house of a man where his parents aren’t home, Sa-san. I think you are also pretty special in that regard.” (Makoto)<br/>
Moreover, this girl instantly threw herself onto my bed.<br/>
I easily saw her underwear even without meaning to.<br/>
That day, I couldn’t sleep on my bed.<br/>
It had the smell of Sa-san.<br/>
“W-Wait a bit!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san closes her face to mine, flustered.<br/>
C-Close.<br/>
“Could it be that, since our 3rd year of middle school, we have had feelings for each other?” (Aya)<br/>
“Looks like that’s the case.” (Makoto)<br/>
I didn’t know that Sa-san had feelings for me since middle school.<br/>
She was decently popular with the guys in class after all.<br/>
I simply gave up.<br/>
“N-No way… Hey, how about now?” (Aya)<br/>
“Uhm…” (Makoto)<br/>
I look at the slightly round familiar face of my friend.<br/>
She is a bit child-faced, and gives off the atmosphere of a small critter that would make people fawn over her.<br/>
Memories of when I tried to not think too much about her in my middle school days resurface in my mind.<br/>
Right now I can keep my attitude alone calm with Clear Mind, but…<br/>
“My feelings haven’t changed much since then.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Haah\~\~.” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san falls flat at one side of my bed, right beside me.<br/>
“Just what was my resolve when I came to this room all nervous…” (Aya)<br/>
“You were nervous?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Of course I was!” (Aya)<br/>
She got up with a snap and showed me an angered face.<br/>
“I thought you and Lucy-san had become a couple. I thought that I wouldn’t be able to stay together with you anymore… By the way, what do you think of Lucy-san?” (Aya)<br/>
“……”<br/>
That’s the complicated part.<br/>
Honestly speaking, I love the two of them.<br/>
Is that even forgivable?<br/>
“You love us both, huh. If only I had confessed to you in our 1st year of high school.” (Aya)<br/>
“I haven’t said anything yet though?” (Makoto)<br/>
Sa-san grumbled as if she didn’t even need to hear my answer.<br/>
Was it showing that much in my face?<br/>
“Hey, Takatsuki-kun, can you listen to my request?” (Aya)<br/>
“Hm? If it is something I can do.” (Makoto)<br/>
With how things are flowing, I guess she is going to ask me to go out with her.<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san.<br/>
How should I answer the both of them…?<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, I want a family.” (Aya)<br/>
“Family?” (Makoto)<br/>
For a moment, I couldn’t understand what Sa-san meant with that.<br/>
When I ask back, Sa-san shily closes her face to mine.<br/>
She placed her lips close to my ear, at a distance that her breath could reach me.<br/>
“I want your children, Takatsuki-kun.” (Aya)<br/>
She whispers to me.<br/>
(EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEHHHHHHHHHH?!!!) (Makoto)<br/>
“S-Sa-san…w-wait a bit there.” (Makoto)<br/>
“No, I won’t wait.” (Aya)<br/>
A cold hand touches my cheek, and Sa-san’s face closes onto mine till it reaches zero distance.<br/>
Our lips met…<br/>
“Sa-san, pushing your tongue all of a sudden. Isn’t the order weird?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Why? You did it with Lucy-san too, right? Also, we are going to be having sex anyways.” (Aya)<br/>
“……”<br/>
I wonder why.<br/>
The girl I secretly had a crush on in my middle school days, saying those kinds of things, the immorality of it is incredible.<br/>
No, the excitement levels are already crazy dangerous though?!<br/>
Mostly in my lower region!<br/>
“Huh? Takatsuki-kun, your eyes are scary.” (Aya)<br/>
Part of her face sunk into the bed, and she looks at me as if provoking me.<br/>
“It is your fault, Sa-san…” (Makoto)<br/>
I was on the verge of letting my body follow the flow, and…<br/>
—Let me hear your answer later, okay?<br/>
The words of Lucy rang in my mind.<br/>
Maybe because of Clear Mind, I calm down.<br/>
Is it okay to just be washed in the flow of things like this…?<br/>
“You are thinking of Lucy-san, right?” (Aya)<br/>
“Ah…” (Makoto)<br/>
“There’s no need to hide it. I can tell just by looking at your face.” (Aya)<br/>
Looks like it was written on my face.<br/>
Lucy did point out that I seemed to be in low spirits.<br/>
Thanks to Clear Mind, I should be able to maintain an image of a cool character though.<br/>
“Well, if you are showing hesitation, Takatsuki-kun, I will have to lead.” (Aya)<br/>
“S-Sa-san…” (Makoto)<br/>
She undid the buttons of my clothes in an instant slightly violently.<br/>
“It is okay. I will take care of everything…” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san’s long tongue travelled the nape of my neck as she said this.<br/>
“W-Wait! Aya! Wait a moment!”<br/>
Lucy jumped into the room without knocking the door.<br/>
“Lucy-san, don’t get in the way.” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san says slightly displeased.<br/>
“L-Lucy? You heard?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Your window is open, and couple that with my ears, I could hear everything!” (Lucy)<br/>
My window is indeed wide open.<br/>
But Sa-san is still going at her own pace here.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, let’s continue.” (Aya)<br/>
“A-Aya! What do you plan on doing?!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Child-making.” (Aya)<br/>
“Child…weren’t you simply going to confess today?!” (Lucy)<br/>
Looks like that’s what they agreed on.<br/>
“Then, want to join us?” (Aya)<br/>
“E-Eeeeh?!” <br/>
Lucy turned beet red…and entered the bed?! <br/>
“I-I…don’t know at all how it works between 3 people though…” (Lucy)<br/>
“It is okay, it is okay. We will manage somehow.” (Aya)<br/>
Wait, stop! <br/>
And what about my opinion in all this?! <br/>
“Sa-san, Lucy! Calm down!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Impossible.” (Lucy) <br/>
“No.” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san had a mischievous expression, and I could tell even in this darkness that Lucy was blushing.<br/>
The two closed in on me and…<br/>
“Shut up! You are being way too noisy late in the night!” <br/>
Furiae-san yelled.<br/>
Looks like we annoyed the girl that is currently in a long distance relationship.<br/>
“Sleep till morning! [Sleep Curse]!” (Furiae)<br/>
Those words were the last thing I heard. I was attacked by an unbearable drowsiness.<br/>
Before closing my eyes, I saw Sa-san and Lucy at both of my sides asleep.<br/>
(Wow, so curses work on these two, too…) (Makoto)<br/>
I thought strong characters were immune to status effect magic though.<br/>
This is the power of the Moon Oracle’s curses, huh.<br/>
While I was thinking that…<br/>
I lost consciousness.<br/>
Advertisements<br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/>
We've received your report.<br/>
                        Thanks for your feedback!<br/>
Seen too often<br/>
Not relevant<br/>
Offensive<br/>
Broken<br/>
Report this ad<br/>
 