[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c117](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/07/24/wm-chapter-117-the-adventurers-of-makkaren-fight-monsters/)
<br/><br/>
“Monsters!” “Hide in your houses!” <br/>
The city was noisy. <br/>
(Third rule of the Makkaren’s Adventurer Guild: in the case the monsters around the city rampage, cooperate with the guards and templars, and protect the city…) (Makoto)<br/>
Rozes lacks soldiers.<br/>
Makkaren suffers from this problem the most, being close to the continent’s prominent giant dungeon, the Demonic Forest.<br/>
Because of that, in emergencies, there’s a lot of times when the members of the Adventurer Guild have to lend their strength -that’s what Mary-san taught me when I was a newbie.<br/>
(Even so, she also said that a horde of monsters only comes once every several years…) (Makoto)<br/>
Is this the result of the monsters getting more active?<br/>
I run to the gate where the monsters apparently are showing up at.<br/>
I could see several adventurers around.<br/>
“Makoto!”<br/>
“Jean!” (Makoto)<br/>
I met a party I know.<br/>
A party of 4 with Emily, the brawler guy, and the mage girl.<br/>
“Where’s Lucy, Makoto-kun?” (Emily)<br/>
“Today we are moving separately. She told me she would be meeting you though.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah, we were together in the morning, but she left in the afternoon.” (Makoto)<br/>
Hearing this from Emily, I got a bit anxious.<br/>
She didn’t go alone to the Great Forest, did she…?<br/>
The horde of monsters are coming from the Great Forest.<br/>
Sa-san is together with Nina-san, right?<br/>
Nina-san should know the rules of adventurers.<br/>
I hope we can group up somewhere.<br/>
While I was thinking that, I arrived at the west gate.<br/>
There were already several adventurers, Makkaren soldiers, and templars.<br/>
“Oh! The Hero is here!” <br/>
“Oi, Makoto, they said there’s around 500 monsters.” <br/>
“A pack of Goblins, Orcs, and Ogres.” <br/>
“Makoto, give us instructions quickly.”<br/>
“Counting on you.”<br/>
(Eh?) (Makoto)<br/>
The gathered adventurers were looking over here.<br/>
No, not only the adventurers.<br/>
The soldiers and the templars too.<br/>
“W-Wait!” (Makoto)<br/>
Why am I the one taking command?!<br/>
“Makoto, in cases of emergencies, it is settled that the one with the highest standing takes command. There’s no one here who has a higher post than you as a Hero, Makoto.” (Jean)<br/>
Jean explained to me while I was confused.<br/>
R-Right!<br/>
It is rule 8 of the Makkaren Adventurer Guild!<br/>
In the past, I thought it wouldn’t ever apply to me anyways, so I erased it from my mind.<br/>
Eh, seriously? <br/>
I have to take command?<br/>
A ton of stares were concentrating on me.<br/>
I seriously am no good at this though!<br/>
“W-What about Lucas-san?!” (Makoto)<br/>
If it is that veteran, he should be able to command well! <br/>
“Lucas-san said a dragon showed up at a neighboring town, so he went to assist.” (Emily)<br/>
Emily says as if apologetic.<br/>
N-No way…<br/>
“Makoto-senpai! Show us your Hero-like visage real good! I will listen to everything you say!” <br/>
The brawler comrade of Jean seems to be the hot-blooded type. He told me this with true passion.<br/>
(I have no experience with this though…) (Makoto)<br/>
Commanding a large number of people is the thing I am the worst at doing…<br/>
The gazes of everyone strengthen even more.<br/>
I could feel their pressure as if they were saying ‘do it already’.<br/>
I-I don’t wanna be here anymore…<br/>
“Okay okay, everyone. Takatsuki-sama isn’t used to this kind of stuff, so I will take command in his place.” <br/>
Someone gathered the attention of everyone with a loud voice.<br/>
“Nina-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
The female martial artist with rabbit ears raised her hand.<br/>
“It is Nina-san.” “She became a Gold Rank recently.” “She is currently the wife of the Fujiwara Company’s president, right?” “Didn’t she retire?” <br/>
I could hear the small commotion it was making.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun!” “Sa-san!”<br/>
Sa-san!<br/>
What a relief. I found a party member!<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, it is okay to leave it to Nina-san, right?!” (Aya)<br/>
“Y-Yeah…please do so, Nina-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Alright, I will!” (Nina)<br/>
Nina-san was quickly deciding the roles of everyone.<br/>
She manages a company with a whole lot of subordinates on the regular, so she is good at leading.<br/>
“Sa-san, you saved me there…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Nina-san told me about the rules of the Adventurer Guild. You are bad at that kind of stuff, right?” (Aya)<br/>
Aah, I am glad I have Sa-san.<br/>
She understands me…<br/>
“The monsters have come!” <br/>
From the direction one of the adventurers points a finger to, the horde of monsters raising clouds of dust showed up.<br/>
Goblins, Orcs, and Ogres.<br/>
I could see man-eating giants here and there.<br/>
They don’t have as much overpowering presence as the more than 5,000 monsters in the Sun Country.<br/>
But compared to the fighting force of Highland, the one here is fatally low.<br/>
In other words, it is quite a threat for Makkaren.<br/>
“Mages, fire!” (Nina)<br/>
The mages begin their volley at the order of Nina-san.<br/>
The first move is a long range attack.<br/>
It is the same tactic as the Sun Knights, huh.<br/>
At that moment…<br/>
“[Meteor Rain]!”<br/>
A familiar voice echoes and giant rocks crash onto the army of monsters.<br/>
A large cloud of dust raises and the ground trembles.<br/>
The monsters raise loud screams as they are sent flying.<br/>
No matter how many times I see it, the firepower is just unbelievable…<br/>
“Makoto, Aya, are you okay?!” “Lucy-san!” <br/>
Lucy came rushing to us out of breath.<br/>
She looks at the horde of monsters as she breathes a sigh of relief.<br/>
“There’s still a lot remaining.” (Makoto)<br/>
Around a hundred were defeated with the long range attack of the mages.<br/>
But the majority of the monsters are still alive.<br/>
“Shield unit, take formation!” (Nina)<br/>
The ones readying their shields are the templars and the soldiers. <br/>
There’s around 50 people in the shield unit, 20 people for the mage unit, and around 30 close combat warriors.<br/>
If we put our all numbers together, we are around a 100.<br/>
Makkaren doesn’t have a lot of fighting force…<br/>
Do they not have the funds for it?<br/>
We still have more than 300 monsters to face.<br/>
In terms of numbers, they are three times more than us.<br/>
What’s scary in a group battle is being pushed by the numbers and losing momentum.<br/>
The expressions of the soldiers of Makkaren were stiff.<br/>
They must be having doubts whether they can actually stop the enemies from advancing.<br/>
Alright, let’s do the same as that time in the Sun Country and make a wall to buy time.<br/>
Also, there’s something about Spirit Magic that’s better than before.<br/>
(Spirit-sans, Spirit-sans.) (Makoto)<br/>
(What\~?) (Did you call\~?) (Let’s play\~.) <br/>
I get along with the Spirits of Makkaren.<br/>
We have been together for the longest after all.<br/>
I still can’t call the Great Spirit, but if it is just using Spirit Magic, Makkaren is the best place.<br/>
(Spirit-sans, I am troubled. Please help me.) (Makoto)<br/>
I use the Charm Magic I learned from Furiae-san and I ask of them with everything I have.<br/>
(((((Okay\~!)))))<br/>
The comfortable chorus-like response of the Spirits rang.<br/>
The mana of the Spirits surrounds me very fast.<br/>
“Woah, Makoto…!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun’s surroundings are zappy…” (Sa-san)<br/>
I heard the mutter of Lucy and Sa-san.<br/>
I could feel the shocked gazes of the Makkaren mages.<br/>
The Spirit Magic of today…is feeling good.<br/>
I raise my right hand and shout.<br/>
“Water Magic: [Ice World]!” (Makoto)<br/>
In an instant, the bluish gigantic mana became light, and swept onto the monsters.<br/>
Not creating an Ice Wall, but freezing the monsters itself to create a wall! <br/>
It reduces the number of monsters as well, so two birds with one stone!<br/>
…Is what I thought, but…e-eh?<br/>
“““““……“””””””<br/>
The row of monsters that were rushing towards us had become ice sculptures.<br/>
That was my intent but…<br/>
The eyes of everyone gather at me.<br/>
Yeah, I know what you want to say.<br/>
“Takatsuki-sama, you froze them all…” (Nina)<br/>
Nina-san said with a troubled expression.<br/>
Yeah, I ended up freezing all 300 monsters.<br/>
The close combat warriors and brawlers that were all hyped up saying ‘this will be our time to shine!’, were making complicated expressions.<br/>
S-Sorry.<br/>
I ended up taking that spotlight.<br/>
“Well, isn’t it fine? Thanks to the magic of Makoto, everyone is okay.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Yeah yeah, we didn’t get a turn, but what’s best is that we weren’t hurt… So cold!” (Aya)<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san cover for me.<br/>
Looks like the Spirit Magic was too strong and Sa-san was freezing.<br/>
“Haah, Lucy-san, you are so warm\~.” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san is hugging Lucy.<br/>
“My body was hot after using magic, so your skin is cold and refreshes me too, Aya.” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy is touching the body of Sa-san.<br/>
It looks kinda yuri.<br/>
“What, it is over already?” <br/>
“Will we get a reward from the guild like this?” <br/>
“Who knows.” <br/>
The tension of the adventurers around melted and they began chatting.<br/>
“Makoto, that was an incredible spell!” (Jean)<br/>
“Makoto-senpai, that’s crazy-ssu!” <br/>
Jean and a newbie adventurer praised me.<br/>
“But why did these guys suddenly show up here?” <br/>
“There were a lot this time around.” <br/>
“It looked as if they were being chased by something.” <br/>
“Aah, you are right.” <br/>
Chased?<br/>
The moment I heard a conversation that bothered me…<br/>
“GUOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHH!!”<br/>
A cry that made the air tremble resonated from above.<br/>
When I looked up, a monster with a dark green body and gigantic wings looked down on us.<br/>
“A Green Dragon!”  <br/>
The dragon suspends its giant body in the air flapping his wings.<br/>
The monster that’s said to be the ruler of the Great Forest has shown up! <br/>
“Everyone, spread out! If you are gathered in a bunch, you will be targeted!” (Nina)<br/>
The adventurers all dispersed at the order of Nina-san.<br/>
There were also people who were chanting spells as they moved, but…<br/>
“They are not reaching.” (Aya)<br/>
Just as Sa-san said, the place the dragon is flying at is too high for magic to reach.<br/>
“What about Meteor, Lucy?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I think it can reach, but if I miss, it will end up falling at us instead…” (Lucy)<br/>
“No good then.” (Makoto)<br/>
The risk is too high.<br/>
“Guoooooooooooooooohhh!!” <br/>
Something was shot from the wings of the Green Dragon as it roared.<br/>
“It is attacking!” “Avoid it!” <br/>
I look up prompted by that voice, and several hundreds of what looked like wooden spears were raining at us?!<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, Lucy-san, watch out!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san kicked away a number of spears that might have hit us.<br/>
That’s dangerous.<br/>
When I looked around, there were many injured.<br/>
There’s…no one dead…yet.<br/>
This is bad. Our attacks don’t reach, but the enemy can still attack us.<br/>
“That guy…he has the sun at his back.” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy says mortified.<br/>
True, the dragon is flying in a position that’s like it is overlapping with the sun.<br/>
Is it doing it on purpose…?<br/>
It is intelligent as well.<br/>
It seems like, because of that, many mages aside from Lucy were having a hard time adjusting their aim.<br/>
The warriors didn’t have a turn again.<br/>
Nina-san also has a troubled expression.<br/>
What’s…our next move?<br/>
I look around to see if there’s someone with knowledge around.<br/>
There should be a number of veterans in Makkaren aside from Lucas-san, but today of all days, they were somewhere else.<br/>
So unlucky.<br/>
(Should I try using a throwaway Water Dragon and see if it works?) (Makoto)<br/>
Water Magic isn’t too effective on a Green Dragon that is wood element.<br/>
I learned this at the Water Temple a long time ago.<br/>
But there’s no other magic I can use.<br/>
The moment I tried calling the Spirits to use Spirit Magic…<br/>
A light covered the whole area and dazzled my eyes.<br/>
When I try to squint my eyes and see, I could tell there was a cross-shaped light.<br/>
“Gyoooooh!!” <br/>
The Green Dragon raised a dying cry and its figure disintegrated inside the light.<br/>
(That light was…) (Makoto)<br/>
I have seen it before.<br/>
It is the same one I saw at the time when we subjugated the Taboo Dragons outside Laberintos.<br/>
In other words, the Light Hero.<br/>
Someone landed gracefully on the ground.<br/>
White travelling clothes that seemed to be made with extravagant embroidery. <br/>
His light brown hair was shining orange with the light of the sun.<br/>
“Hey there, Takatsuki-kun. Was it okay for me to defeat it?” <br/>
The handsome man that spoke with a refreshing voice seemed to be troubled.<br/>
The female adventurers raised screams. <br/>
We met just a few days ago at the Sun Country, so it doesn’t feel like it has been a while.<br/>
My classmate, Sakurai-kun.<br/>
…What are you doing here?<br/>
Advertisements<br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/>
We've received your report.<br/>
                        Thanks for your feedback!<br/>
Seen too often<br/>
Not relevant<br/>
Offensive<br/>
Broken<br/>
Report this ad<br/>
 