[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c124](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/08/03/wm-chapter-124-crisis-of-makkaren-3/)
<br/><br/>
Sponsored Chapter<br/>
A horde of more than 10,000 monsters are all gone.<br/>
I release the synchronization with Lucy.<br/>
“Haah, that was seriously rough…” (Makoto)<br/>
I was really flustered…<br/>
“Ahaha, good work, Takatsuki-kun.” (Aya)<br/>
“My Knight…you did well.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Thanks, you two.” (Makoto)<br/>
Sa-san and Furiae-san direct slightly tired smiles at me.<br/>
The two really helped me out.<br/>
But there’s no doubt that the one who contributed the most was…<br/>
“Lucy, thanks. I have to heal your wounds… I will call someone who can use healing magic.” (Makoto)<br/>
“O-Okay… Hey, Makoto, you don’t have the Fire Magic Skill, right? Why can you use Fire Magic in that way?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Hm?” (Makoto)<br/>
I was worried about the wounds of Lucy, but it seems like Lucy is interested in the magic of just now.<br/>
“Uhm, the basics are the same as water magic. When I sync with you, I can temporarily use the Fire Magic Skill, I think.” (Makoto)<br/>
I don’t understand the logic clearly though.<br/>
I should try asking Noah-sama next time.<br/>
“What’s that? That’s unfair.” (Furiae)<br/>
For some reason, Furiae-san retorted.<br/>
“But it was harder to control than water magic. It felt like my proficiency was reduced by a 100 levels.” (Makoto)<br/>
“By the way, how high is your magic proficiency, Makoto?” (Lucy)<br/>
“260? Maybe a little higher than that?” (Makoto)<br/>
““……””<br/>
What’s with those eyes, Lucy, Furiae-san? <br/>
“Makoto-kun, Lucy!” (Emily)<br/>
Emily appeared. Nice timing.<br/>
“Emily! Lucy is injured. Please use healing magic.” (Makoto)<br/>
A familiar priest came.<br/>
“Leave it to me!” (Emily)<br/>
Emily chants and the wounds of Lucy begin to heal.<br/>
Alright, Lucy should be alright with this.<br/>
Now all that’s left is heading to where the Ancient Dragon is.<br/>
“Sa-san, we are going to where Nina-san is together—” (Makoto)<br/>
(Wait, Makoto!) (Noah)<br/>
“Wait, My Knight!” (Furiae)<br/>
“Hm?” (Makoto)<br/>
Noah-sama and Furiae-san call me at the same time.<br/>
(The Ancient Dragon is bad news! The one here has lived for more than 2,000 years and it is a senior even within Ancient Dragons. You won’t be able to win against it.) (Noah)<br/>
“You must not fight the Ancient Dragon. That place has a ruinous future… But maybe My Knight will be okay…” (Furiae)<br/>
Noah-sama’s serious voice.<br/>
Furiae-san seems to waver around the end. What’s the matter?<br/>
(One question then, Noah-sama. Can Lucas-san and the others win against the Ancient Dragon?) (Makoto)<br/>
(…Makoto. I think that’s going to be hard, but there’s things that you just have to give up on—) (Noah)<br/>
“Alright! Let’s go, Sa-san!” (Makoto)<br/>
(Hey!) (Noah)<br/>
I refuse to give up.<br/>
“Alright. To where Nina-san is, right?” (Aya)<br/>
“Yeah, we are going to defeat the Ancient Dragon!” (Makoto)<br/>
(I am telling you, you can’t!) (Noah)<br/>
“Now now, we won’t know unless we try.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Who are you talking to, Takatsuki-kun?” (Aya)<br/>
“The Goddess. Princess, you stay here please.” (Makoto)<br/>
“O-Okay…” (Furiae)<br/>
“Makoto, be careful!” (Lucy)<br/>
Being seen off by Furiae-san who seems to be worried and Lucy who has a smile even though she seems to be in pain, we head deep inside the forest.<br/>
Sa-san and I passed by the corpses of monsters and ran inside the forest.<br/>
…Correction: we were running through the burned field.<br/>
“I hope Lucas-san and the others are okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
“They are all veterans, right? I am sure they are fine.” (Aya)<br/>
I talk with Sa-san as we hurry to where the Ancient Dragon is.<br/>
I am worried about Nina-san and the others.<br/>
(…Makoto, listen.) (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama’s cold voice resonates.<br/>
“What is it, Noah-sama?” (Makoto)<br/>
(Aya-chan and you as you currently are…won’t be able to defeat the Ancient Dragon, that’s definite. Turn back now.) (Noah)<br/>
“But Lucas-san, Nina-san, and the others are fighting. I can’t run away by myself.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, what is the Goddess saying?” (Aya)<br/>
“She is saying you and I won’t be able to win against the Ancient Dragon… Sa-san, I am sorry to say this after you came this far, but…I want you to go back—mgh!” (Makoto)<br/>
Sa-san suddenly pinched my cheek.<br/>
That hurt.<br/>
“Who is the one saying those silly things? Is it this mouth\~?” (Aya)<br/>
“Sorry, I won’t say that anymore.” (Makoto)<br/>
No going back after coming this far, huh.<br/>
…If worst comes to worst…Sa-san has the Remaining Lives Skill.<br/>
Her chances of surviving are far higher than mine.<br/>
(Hey, Makoto, the adventurers might have been wiped out by now…) (Noah)<br/>
“Meaning, they still haven’t been, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
If they really were, Noah-sama would have been straighter in her words.<br/>
(Can you stop reading my personality?!) (Noah)<br/>
“You are easy to understand, Noah-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
Even so, Noah-sama is being pretty persistent about stopping me this time around.<br/>
Is it that dangerous?<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, got any plans?” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san asks me uneasy.<br/>
She has no intentions of turning back, but hearing that the Goddess said we can’t win must have made her uneasy.<br/>
Well, at this kind of time, it is this.<br/>
I should utilize my special favor from the zero believer Goddess.<br/>
“Noah-sama, please help me.” (Makoto)<br/>
(………Eh?) (Noah)<br/>
“Your one and only believer is going to die at this rate. Please help.” (Makoto)<br/>
The Praying to the Gods.<br/>
(That’s quite straight…) (Noah)<br/>
I thought that I should ask straight every now and then.<br/>
So, how about it? <br/>
(……) <br/>
Well, if you can’t do it, I will think of something myself.<br/>
Maybe I should try asking for RPG Player again for advice?<br/>
Or ask the Great Spirit…I honestly can’t rely on that.<br/>
Any other thing…hmm…<br/>
(……It is not like there’s not anything.) (Noah)<br/>
Oh?<br/>
(…Aah, I didn’t want to teach you this, Makoto…) (Noah)<br/>
“So you have a method?!” (Makoto)<br/>
(…It is a dangerous measure. Make this the only time you use it.) (Noah)<br/>
“I will consider it.” (Makoto)<br/>
(Hey!) (Noah)<br/>
“I am joking. And so, what’s this method?” (Makoto)<br/>
(…Uuh.) (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama holds her head.<br/>
After constant refusals, Noah-sama speaks about that ‘method’.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
The Ancient Dragon is in sight.<br/>
The veteran adventurers are facing the Ancient Dragon.<br/>
Lucas-san is at the center of it.<br/>
There’s several dragons aside from the Ancient Dragon.<br/>
He even has his dragon gang?! <br/>
Nina-san and several others are fighting against those dragons.<br/>
They are having a tough battle.<br/>
“Lucas-san!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Makoto?! You idiot! Why did you come?!” (Lucas)<br/>
Lucas-san scolds me. I ignore that.<br/>
There’s no way I can leave you!<br/>
“Sa-san, please help out Nina-san and the others.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Got it! Be careful, Takatsuki-kun.” (Aya)<br/>
The weight the adventurers have on the Ancient Dragon as well as the normals dragons is heavy.<br/>
There’s several who are bleeding and collapsed.<br/>
Sa-san charges into that and sends one of the dragons close by flying by hitting its head with her Fierce God Hammer!<br/>
*BANG!*<br/>
The temple of the dragon’s head got a direct hit from the giant hammer, and the eyes of the dragon rolled back.<br/>
Wow.<br/>
Ah right, I have to defeat the Ancient Dragon.<br/>
I get close to Lucas-san.<br/>
They are also wounded all over.<br/>
Their armor and weapons were in tatters, and blood was staining their whole body.<br/>
“…Just a warning here, but practically all of our attacks haven’t been able to reach. The situation is despairing.” (Lucas)<br/>
Lucas-san says this bitterly with a fatigued expression.<br/>
I look at the other adventurers. They don’t seem to have given up, but their expressions were not bright.<br/>
I take a stance with Noah-sama’s dagger facing the Ancient Dragon.<br/>
“…Guh, you damn insects. Popping out one after the other.” <br/>
Uoh, the Ancient Dragon spoke! <br/>
“Takatsuki-kun! That monster is talking!” (Aya)<br/>
Even though Sa-san should be busy with her own battle, she reacts to everything! <br/>
“Aah…yeah.” (Makoto)<br/>
Sa-san, you are a monster too, you know?<br/>
A talking monster ain’t really rare.<br/>
The black scales of the Ancient Dragon are slightly damaged, but it looks fine.<br/>
Compared to that, our adventurers here are in tatters.<br/>
It is an easy to understand inferiority. <br/>
“Makoto, do you have a plan or something?” (Lucas)<br/>
“…I came with a ‘hidden technique’ of sorts.” (Makoto)<br/>
“How much time should we buy?” (Lucas)<br/>
“Won’t you ask what it is?” (Makoto)<br/>
I look at the face of Lucas-san slightly surprised.<br/>
“If you say you have a chance with it, I will believe in it.” (Lucas)<br/>
He says with a smile.<br/>
Looks like the other veterans are of the same mind.<br/>
“It is Quest 100% Success Rate Makoto after all.” (Lucas)<br/>
“What’s that?” (Makoto)<br/>
“You don’t know? That’s your nickname. It seems Mary noticed it after arranging the quest files. You are the only adventurer who hasn’t failed a quest in the Adventurer Guild of Makkaren, Makoto.” (Lucas)<br/>
“Well, more than 90% of those are goblin hunt quests though.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Ah, you did have the Goblin Cleaner nickname too.” (Lucas)<br/>
“I only knew about that one.” (Makoto)<br/>
I got a nickname without being aware of it.<br/>
Please notice it sooner.<br/>
“Guoooooooooo!!” <br/>
The Ancient Dragon roars and flaps its wings powerfully.<br/>
A gust of wind was made, and the leaves of the trees were blown into the air.<br/>
…It waited for us?<br/>
No, that’s not it.<br/>
It can use healing magic.<br/>
The wounds it got from Lucas-san have all been healed.<br/>
Good grief, a healing enemy is problematic.<br/>
“Let’s go! Cover Makoto!” (Lucas)<br/>
““““Alright!””””<br/>
The adventurers all charge at the Ancient Dragon together.<br/>
Lucas-san’s swordsmanship clad in aura and high rank magic attacked the Ancient Dragon.<br/>
(It ain’t damaging the dragon…) (Makoto)<br/>
They won’t be able to defeat it like this.<br/>
The only thing that’s dealing damage to the Ancient Dragon is Lucas-san’s swordsmanship.<br/>
The Ancient Dragon seems to only be concentrating on Lucas-san.<br/>
I see practically no effect from the attacks of the other adventurers.<br/>
I tighten my grip on the dagger that has been charged with the mana of Fire Spirits.<br/>
It is the last bit of mana I charged it with when I synced with Lucy, so there’s no second time.<br/>
Only one shot. <br/>
(…Alright.) (Makoto)<br/>
I try the method Noah-sama taught me.<br/>
I pressed the blade of my dagger on my own hand.<br/>
…It hurts.<br/>
But endure the pain.<br/>
The blade cuts my skin and blood drips.<br/>
Noah-sama’s dagger sucks the blood and it shines dimly.<br/>
“I offer it to you, Noah-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
At that instant, I felt like ‘something’ was taken away from my body.<br/>
My body feels sluggish.<br/>
The dagger at my right hand begins to shine ominously.<br/>
This is Divine Energy, huh…<br/>
I hold the dagger in the same way I do when I pray to Noah-sama.<br/>
And do exactly that -pray.<br/>
Believe in it, in the miracle of the Goddess.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
(Makoto…cut yourself with the sacred treasure. Put the blood on your blade, then say you are offering it to me, and pray.) (Noah)<br/>
“…Uhm, and what would happen with that?” (Makoto)<br/>
Sounds like a scary ritual.<br/>
(Sacrificial Technique… Mortals these days call it Self-Destruction Magic, I think? You will be using that.) (Noah)<br/>
“Self-Destruction Magic!” (Makoto)<br/>
The one used by the Snake Church in the Sun Country?! <br/>
The one that can be used without mana but expends lifespan?<br/>
“Won’t I die with that?” (Makoto)<br/>
(You would die anyways if you were to fight the Ancient Dragon normally.) (Noah)<br/>
“Can’t I win by just using Fire Spirit Magic instead of Self-Destruction Magic?” (Makoto)<br/>
I glance at the dagger of Noah-sama as I ask this.<br/>
(Impossible. You don’t have the Sword Magic Skill, so even if you managed to deal with the weaklings at the horde, it won’t defeat an Ancient Dragon.) (Noah)<br/>
“What happens if I use Self-Destruction Ma…a Sacrificial Technique?” (Makoto)<br/>
(I can lend you my power. In exchange for your lifespan… I don’t really like that though.) (Noah)<br/>
“Why?” (Makoto)<br/>
(Listen here! It would trouble me if you don’t get stronger and live a long life! I felt that if I were to teach you this method, you would nonchalantly use it in the future!) (Noah)<br/>
“……”<br/>
Honestly speaking, I feel like I would really be using it if it is useful.<br/>
(No, definitely don’t!) (Noah)<br/>
Then, I will use it with care.<br/>
(Make sure to! Understood?!) (Noah)<br/>
I promised Noah-sama, and obtained a new power.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
Noah-sama, please lend me your strength.<br/>
I finish praying and…<br/>
“Lucas-san! I am ready!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Got it! You guys, spread out!” (Lucas)<br/>
Everyone takes distance from the Ancient Dragon at once with the shout of Lucas-san.<br/>
I raised my dagger, and my eyes met with the Ancient Dragon.<br/>
“…Insect.” <br/>
I ignore those words and shoot my Sword Magic.<br/>
[Fire Dragon Claw].<br/>
3 fire claws attack the dragon.<br/>
“…Boring.” <br/>
Looks like that attack didn’t reflect as a threat in the eyes of the Ancient Dragon.<br/>
“Makoto…” (Lucas)<br/>
I could see Lucas-san had a slightly discouraged face.<br/>
But…<br/>
That magic has the prayer of a miracle.<br/>
The miracle I wished for was ‘certain hit’ and ‘god strike’.<br/>
The Certain Hit miracle, I saw it at the time when Nina-san was poked by the finger of the God Giant in the past. <br/>
Even though it looks like it is going slowly, with that miracle, it will hit for sure.<br/>
God Strike is a miracle that the dagger of Noah-sama already has.<br/>
I always think this dagger cuts real well.<br/>
Looks like it had that kind of dangerous name.<br/>
I buffed my magic with that God Strike.<br/>
“Gaha?! The immediate follower of the Dragon King, Astaroth-sama, by a weakling…” <br/>
Those were the last words of the Ancient Dragon.<br/>
The magic that the Ancient Dragon thought had been avoided hit it instead, and without making a single sound…the body of the Ancient Dragon was split in 4.<br/>
The corpse falls onto the ground and makes it shake.<br/>
The ominous light of the dagger disappears.<br/>
My body gets heavy like lead.<br/>
…I feel like my energy has been sucked dry. <br/>
If I had to compare it to something, it would be like the moment right after playing a game for three days straight and seeing the ending.<br/>
““““……””””<br/>
Everyone including Lucas-san were looking over here as if they were seeing something unbelievable.<br/>
…The dragons who saw that also stopped moving.<br/>
“You bastards! Do you want to taste that same fate by the hands of Takatsuki-kun?!” (Aya)<br/>
Looks like the [Intimidation] of Sa-san dealt the final blow.<br/>
The remaining dragons flew away.<br/>
…What a relief.<br/>
I can’t move a single finger anymore.<br/>
I fall down on my knees right then and there.<br/>
…I am sleepy.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san supports my body and I somehow manage to maintain my consciousness.<br/>
“Makoto…that just now…no, nothing. You saved us. Let’s go back to the city.” (Lucas)<br/>
Lucas-san had a complicated expression.<br/>
He might have noticed that I used the Forbidden Self-Destruction Magic.<br/>
“Muh! There’s someone!” (Nina)<br/>
Nina-san suddenly rushed into the forest and drags a robed woman out.<br/>
“U-Unhand me!” <br/>
Her face had a snake tattoo, and there were horns on her head.<br/>
A Demon.<br/>
…And a Snake Church member.<br/>
“What do we do with this one?” <br/>
“Let’s tie her up and hand her over to the guild or the church. She might be involved with the stampede this time around.” <br/>
“The demons were pulling the strings from the shadows then?” <br/>
“The rumors of them making their preparations for the revival of the Great Demon Lord must be true.” <br/>
The veteran adventurers don’t seem to be surprised and were speaking calmly.<br/>
I had a terrible experience in the Sun Country, so I honestly didn’t want to meet them again.<br/>
These guys seriously don’t do anything good.<br/>
(Ugh…) (Makoto)<br/>
I suddenly feel dizzy.<br/>
My vision gets hazy.<br/>
…No good.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun?” (Aya)<br/>
“…Sorry, Sa-san. I am gonna sleep for a bit.” (Makoto)<br/>
I lose consciousness.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
When I woke up, Lucy, Sa-san, and Furiae-san’s faces were there.<br/>
“Are you okay, Makoto?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Haah, what a relief! Takatsuki-kun has woken up.” (Aya)<br/>
“My Knight has pushed himself.” (Furiae)<br/>
I worried them, huh.<br/>
“Sorry, I will get up.” (Makoto)<br/>
Looks like I was laid at the usual resting room of the guild.<br/>
I head to the guild entrance for now.<br/>
The bar in the Adventurer Guild was basically a festival.<br/>
They survived a stampede of over 10,000 monsters after all.<br/>
There’s not only the members of the guild, but also the soldiers and templars as well.<br/>
I could also see the merchants with Fuji-yan among them.<br/>
The whole city was celebrating this time’s victory.<br/>
Looks like people couldn’t fit in the entrance anymore and were celebrating outside too.<br/>
We joined the celebration since we were there already.<br/>
I went around greeting a lot of people for a while.<br/>
After that, I checked around while sipping drinks bit by bit. <br/>
Lucy was surrounded by young adventurers.<br/>
In that situation where everyone had run out of mana, that figure of hers dropping rocks one after the other must have been awe-inspiring in the eyes of the adventurers.<br/>
“How can I become like you, Lucy-san?!” <br/>
A bronze adventurer is directing glittery eyes at her.<br/>
She is popular.<br/>
And Sa-san…<br/>
“Hey, your Intimidation is impressive.” <br/>
“Hey hey, Aya-chan! What rank are you right now?” <br/>
“Hmm, Stone Rank?” (Aya)<br/>
“““““Huh?”””””<br/>
She is surrounded by veteran adventurers, and they were surprised by her being Stone Rank.<br/>
Well…a person scaring off dragons with Intimidation being Stone Rank is unbelievable, right?<br/>
I was with Furiae-san, Mary-san, Nina-san, Fuji-yan, and Chris-san at the same table, drinking.<br/>
I was on the verge of being surrounded by adventurers because of the magic I showed when I synced with Lucy, but I am in the same table as the coming feudal lord, Chris-san, so they can’t approach easily.<br/>
That’s right! Chris-san has safely been pushed into the closest to become the feudal lord!<br/>
That’s great, that’s great.<br/>
And so, we were celebrating the safety of Makkaren and Fuji-yan’s future wife for being the next feudal lord.<br/>
(Hm…?) (Makoto)<br/>
Within all the noise…a black haired beauty slowly gets up from her seat making sure no one notices it.<br/>
Furiae-san.<br/>
Her profile I caught a glance of didn’t seem to be spirited.<br/>
The Moon Oracle that rushed to help Lucy and I when we were in trouble.<br/>
I was bothered by the fact that she went outside with a sad face, so I followed her.<br/>
 