[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c126](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/08/05/wm-chapter-126-takatsuki-makoto-explores/)
<br/><br/>
I opened my eyes in bed.<br/>
An orange lamp light faintly enters my vision.<br/>
I look around.<br/>
The light entering from the blinds is weak.<br/>
There’s a number of games and manga books spread on the floor.<br/>
I make a habit of selling all the games and manga that I have cleared or finished reading.<br/>
That’s why the ones that are in my room are ones that I haven’t finished yet.<br/>
On top of my desk there’s several reference books and materials for school cleanly lined up.<br/>
A tasteless room.<br/>
A sight I am tired of seeing already.<br/>
The needles of the clock are telling me it is 6:35.<br/>
(…I should prepare to go to school.) (Makoto)<br/>
I unsteadily head to the living room.<br/>
There’s no one.<br/>
Did my parents come back yesterday?<br/>
My parents leave early in the morning to work, and they often come back well after the last train has already left.<br/>
…No, they mostly don’t even come back.<br/>
There’s an envelope left on top of the table, and there’s money inside.<br/>
That’s my budget this week.<br/>
In other words, today’s a monday, huh.<br/>
I didn’t feel like heating the bread that I don’t even remember when I bought, and simply pushed the power button of the remote and turned on the TV.<br/>
News about talents that I am not interested in were showing one after the other.<br/>
I changed the channel and watched the weather report.<br/>
It will be rainy.<br/>
Aah…what a pain.<br/>
I need an umbrella… An umbrella?<br/>
(…I don’t need an umbrella.) (Makoto)<br/>
No need for one.<br/>
I hated rain in the past, but I have come to like it recently.<br/>
Why? Because…<br/>
“Makoto! How long are you going to stay sleeping?!” <br/>
My door was suddenly opened with a bang! <br/>
Lucy wearing the Shinagawa Highschool uniform comes in with a rude entrance.<br/>
Oi, take off your shoes.<br/>
“Here, your breakfast. It is time to wake up—what’s the matter? Why are you making that weird face?” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy with bright red hair and elf ears wearing a school uniform feels weird. It makes me wanna laugh.<br/>
It took me until now to notice.<br/>
Looks like I am dreaming.<br/>
“What…why are you making that weird face—Kya!” (Lucy)<br/>
I hug Lucy.<br/>
It is a dream anyways!<br/>
(That’s a relief… I thought going to a parallel world was the dream.) (Makoto)<br/>
I hug her tightly.<br/>
“How long are you going to hug me?!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Hm?” (Makoto)<br/>
An impact attacks my head, and it immediately returns me to reality.<br/>
Lucy who remained in her pose after smacking my head with an angered face, and…Princess Sofia who I was hugging and had frozen in place.<br/>
“U-Uhm…Hero Makoto, it is about time you wake up.” (Sofia)<br/>
The breath of the beet red Princess Sofia reaches my ear.<br/>
Wait, what am I doing?! <br/>
“M-My apologies!” (Makoto)<br/>
I hurriedly raised both hands and released Princess Sofia.<br/>
“Well then, we are waiting for you at the dining room…” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia leaves hurriedly with her face still red.<br/>
This is bad. I am sexually harassing people first thing in the morning.<br/>
“Hey…how about you wash that pathetic face of yours?” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy is crossing her arms without hiding her displeasure.<br/>
Of course, she is wearing her usual attire and not a school uniform.<br/>
(The school uniform Lucy was lewd.) (Makoto)<br/>
Even though she wasn’t showing as much skin as her usual attire.<br/>
Is it because it felt like cosplay?<br/>
“What is it, leering me like that? Did it feel that good to hug Princess Sofia?” (Lucy)<br/>
This is bad, she is in a bad mood.<br/>
“It is not that. I thought it was you, Lucy. I made a mistake.” (Makoto)<br/>
Is it really okay to make that excuse?<br/>
Isn’t that the excuse of a hopeless man?, is what I thought, but my mouth simply spoke the first thing my sleepy head thought up.<br/>
“Eh?! R-Really? …Hmph, geez, Makoto. Can’t be helped.” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy brushes her hair as if hiding her embarrassment and…sits on the bed?! <br/>
“L-Lucy-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Here, you won’t make a mistake now, right?” (Lucy)<br/>
Saying this, she wraps her hand around my neck and…<br/>
“Lu-chan, Takatsuki-kun, what are you two doing\~?” <br/>
Danger Detection! <br/>
Sa-san holding a kitchen knife was looking over here! <br/>
And there’s also Tsui who is yawning on top of Sa-san’s head.<br/>
You should learn to have a sense of danger…<br/>
“Food is ready!” (Aya)<br/>
“Y-Yes. Aya, don’t get mad\~.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Geez!” (Aya)<br/>
“I said I’m sorry!” (Lucy)<br/>
The two girls go to the living room.<br/>
(Let’s get up…) (Makoto)<br/>
I wash my face with water magic, put on the clothes that I aired yesterday night, wear my coat, lightly clean my dagger with a cloth, and offer 10 seconds of prayer to the Goddess. <br/>
Finished in 40 seconds.<br/>
Preparations done.<br/>
I go to the living room that’s serving as the dining room as well.<br/>
“Good morning, Sa-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Good morning, Takatsuki-kun!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san wearing a pink apron turns around with a smile.<br/>
Has she already forgiven us for before? <br/>
Her hair is tied in a ponytail, and the apron is tied in a way that it makes a big ribbon.<br/>
It seems Sa-san was the one who made the apron.<br/>
How skilful.<br/>
“You are late, My Knight!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san was clinking her chopsticks on the rice bowl.<br/>
Where did you learn that?<br/>
It is bad manners, so stop that.<br/>
“……”<br/>
Princess Sofia looks here for a moment and then faces the other way with a red face.<br/>
I should apologize later.<br/>
(…Yeah, I like this place better.) (Makoto)<br/>
I will do my best in this world.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
I get to my seat and look at the food lined up at the table.<br/>
“The menu of today’s breakfast is…” (Aya)<br/>
Rice cooked in a saucepan.<br/>
Grilled fish (White flesh river fish).<br/>
Fried eggs (there were chicken-like animals in this world too).<br/>
Miso soup.<br/>
Pickled radish.<br/>
(Is this Japan?) (Makoto)<br/>
The ingredient provider is apparently the Fujiwara Company.<br/>
Damn, Fuji-yan.<br/>
It seems like he will be opening a ramen store in the near future.<br/>
I am definitely going when that happens.<br/>
“Hero Makoto, this soup has a strange taste.” (Sofia)<br/>
“Hey, My Knight, how do I use these wooden sticks called chopsticks?” (Furiae)<br/>
“Furi, that’s tableware for otherworlders. We can just use forks.” (Lucy)<br/>
We all enjoyed this meal.<br/>
“Sorry Sa-san, having you cook our meals all the time.” (Makoto)<br/>
“It is okay. I was the one who cooked breakfast for my brothers all the time anyways.” (Aya)<br/>
I really respect that.<br/>
Also, Sa-san in an apron is two times cuter than usual.<br/>
By the way, regarding the cooking skills of the girls aside from Sa-san…<br/>
Princess Sofia (obviously) doesn’t cook.<br/>
Furiae-san hasn’t held anything heavier than a spoon (said so herself).<br/>
Lucy can only grill stuff -and they mostly end up burnt black.<br/>
Me? I have the Cooking Skill, but…I have been eating outside all the time since coming to this world and haven’t cooked myself.<br/>
(It is truly a saving that Sa-san is here.) (Makoto)<br/>
I think that from the bottom of my heart.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, I will make miso soup for you everyday, okay☆?” (Aya)<br/>
“Yeah, I would love that.” (Makoto)<br/>
I have rarely had miso soup in the mornings in my previous world.<br/>
A japanese meal in the morning really is great!<br/>
“…For some reason, I feel like I shouldn’t let that statement just now pass.” (Sofia)<br/>
“…I feel the same, Princess Sofia. Aya, what kind of meaning lied in the words you said just now?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Eeh\~, there was no deep meaning\~.” (Aya)<br/>
Aah, the soft sunlight of the morning, a warm breakfast, and a peaceful conversation.<br/>
“So healing…” (Makoto)<br/>
“The Fate Threads are twisting each other right in front of my eyes though…My Knight.” (Furiae)<br/>
“…What do you mean by that, Princess?” (Makoto)<br/>
“This is impressive…” (Furiae)<br/>
She looks at me with cold eyes.<br/>
After a while…<br/>
“Hey, Makoto, what will you be doing from now on?” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy asks me while eating a fried egg with her fork.<br/>
By ‘from now on’ she must mean my next objective, I guess.<br/>
“I have been given the job of going to the Wood Country and the Fire Country to meet their Heroes. Isn’t that right, Sofia?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah, that’s right, Hero Makoto. But there was a monster stampede, so…” (Sofia)<br/>
“I recommend you to go to the Wood Country first, My Knight. It is just a feeling though.” (Furiae)<br/>
Hmm, it is Furiae-san who can see the future, so I can’t ignore that.<br/>
When talking about the Wood Country…<br/>
“Lucy, your homeland is in the Wood Country, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
“That’s right. It is the Kanan Village.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Kanan Village. Is that the Kanan Village where the Crimson Witch is at?” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia reacts to the words of Lucy.<br/>
“Yeah…” (Lucy)<br/>
“Lucy-san, could it be that you are acquainted with the Crimson Witch?” (Sofia)<br/>
“She is my mother…” (Lucy)<br/>
The reaction of Lucy is bad.<br/>
“Hero Makoto, go to the Wood Country first! If the Wind Tree Hero, the Wood Oracle, and the Crimson Witch join our side, we will obtain reliable allies!” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia is pretty excited.<br/>
But it bothers me a bit.<br/>
“Why didn’t you say anything until now, Sofia-chan?” (Aya)<br/>
Yeah, that.<br/>
I heard that the Northern Expedition had been in preparation for several years by the Sun Country.<br/>
Aren’t those kinds of stuff supposed to have been wrapped up a long time ago?<br/>
“Uuuh…about that…we have sent envoys several times already, but they are always absent…” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia says dejected.<br/>
“Aah, they are whimsical after all. They are probably absent today.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Are you close to the Wind Tree Hero and the Wood Oracle, Mage-san?” (Furiae)<br/>
“The Wood Oracle is a Walker, so she is a relative. The Wind Tree Hero went to the same school as I did. A senior.” (Lucy)<br/>
Oi oi, Lucy. <br/>
You actually have a whole lot of connections.<br/>
I had an inkling that she was a lady of high standing though.<br/>
“That settles it then. Lucy, I’m counting on you as a guide.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Well, I am fine with that, but…Princess Sofia, I haven’t met my mother for around 3 years, so it isn’t assured that we will be able to meet her. She is always travelling after all.” (Lucy)<br/>
“I don’t mind. Leo will be coming here in a few days. You will be departing at that time.” (Sofia)<br/>
And so, it has been decided.<br/>
The talk has been wrapped up.<br/>
“Now then, I will be going out for a bit. Princess, let’s go together.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh? Me?” (Furiae)<br/>
“““?!”””<br/>
Furiae-san, who was giving the skin of the grilled fish to the black cat, turned to me with a surprised face.<br/>
Lucy, Sa-san, and Princess Sofia were looking straight over here.<br/>
…What? <br/>
“I am going to be meeting the Snake Church member that we caught. Let’s ask their objective.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hero Makoto, about the captured church member, it seems like she has taken special training, and doesn’t spill out any information -is what the people of the church were saying…” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia says regretfully.<br/>
“That should be fine. We will probably manage. Let’s go, Princess.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Haah. Even though you are my Guardian Knight, you are one slave driver towards your Princess.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Really?” (Makoto)<br/>
Well, Furiae-san must be interested in their objective as well.<br/>
“Lu-chan, what will you be doing today?” (Aya)<br/>
“Hmm, to the hot springs, maybe.” (Lucy)<br/>
“That sounds nice! I will go too!” (Aya)<br/>
“Then, I will get ready\~.” (Lucy)<br/>
The two girls seem to have made their own plans for today.<br/>
“Hero Makoto, I will go with you.” (Sofia)<br/>
“Got it.” (Makoto)<br/>
Looks like Princess Sofia is coming.<br/>
Then, let’s go.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
We arrive at the Water Temple.<br/>
To the prison below it.<br/>
We greet the security guards, and have them open the door to the basement.<br/>
The stairs leading down didn’t have much light. The only source of light were the candles shining weakly at our feet. <br/>
“Sofia, is it okay for you to come together with us to a place like this?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…If it is to get the information regarding their objective, I will be present as well.” (Sofia)<br/>
“I want to leave…” (Furiae)<br/>
Not you, Furiae-san.<br/>
We arrive at the cell. <br/>
The captured Snake Church woman.<br/>
There’s a prison guard standing in front of the cell.<br/>
“Can I go in?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Hero-sama, this woman won’t say anything. Make sure not to get too close.” <br/>
He warned me as I entered.<br/>
I had Princess Sofia stay outside the cell.<br/>
“…You are the Rozes Hero, huh.” <br/>
She glares at me hatefully… I am getting a deja-vu feel from this.<br/>
“I have nothing to tell you bastards.” <br/>
I could feel a strong will from her tone.<br/>
“Princess, please.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yes yes.” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san carefreely approaches the Snake Church girl.<br/>
“Eh? Isn’t it dangerous…?” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia gets a bit flustered.<br/>
“Hey, you…” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san crouches and meets eyes with the snake church woman.<br/>
“…Who are yo—” <br/>
“Nice girl.” (Furiae)<br/>
She says as she lightly touches her cheek.<br/>
At that instant, the snake church woman quivered.<br/>
“Can you tell me your secrets?” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san flashes a smile to her and…<br/>
“Yes\~\~\~! Ashk me anything\~\~\~!! Onee-shamaaaa!” <br/>
That’s Charm Monarch Magic.<br/>
She instantly fell.<br/>
““?!””<br/>
Princess Sofia and the prison guard were looking at both of them surprised.<br/>
“Hey, what should I do after this, My Knight?” (Furiae)<br/>
“Why did you have the monsters attack Makkaren?” (Makoto)<br/>
I ask the woman.<br/>
“Huh?! Anyone other than Onee-sama shouldn’t be talking to me! You are polluting my ears! Die!!” <br/>
“……”<br/>
I have Charm too though…<br/>
Oi, Furiae-san, don’t laugh.<br/>
“Can you tell me?” (Furiae)<br/>
“Onee-sama! I am moved that you would talk to the greedy me! I will tell you everything! It was all an order from the Archbishop, Isaac! The order was to kill the Rozes Hero in Makkaren! Bring death to Takatsuki Makoto and his comrades who ruined our plans in Horun and Symphonia! The Black Dragon held full authority of the plan! I would confirm that Makkaren has fallen, and report to the Snake Church -a messenger!” <br/>
She explained everything real fast. <br/>
“…So I wasn’t the objective.” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san mutters.<br/>
“It was me, huh.” (Makoto)<br/>
I actually had a feeling that would be the case.<br/>
Just having the Rozes Hero here was enough to increase the population of the place after all.<br/>
I would normally be the first one to be targeted.<br/>
(Archbishop Isaac…is that guy, right…?) (Makoto)<br/>
The one that made a Taboo Giant rampage in the capital of the Water Country, did a suicidal terrorist attack on the capital of the Sun Country, and called a horde of monsters.<br/>
(This guy can hold a grudge…) (Makoto)<br/>
His plan that took 10 years to prepare had been crushed, so it is not like I can’t understand how he feels.<br/>
“Sofia, let’s form our plan for the future with this information in mind.” (Makoto)<br/>
“O-Okay… I wasn’t expecting her to spill it out so easily.” (Sofia)<br/>
Looks like Princess Sofia is still surprised.<br/>
Furiae-san sticks out her chest proudly and goes ‘hmhm’.<br/>
“I will record that conversation just now!” <br/>
The prison guard hurriedly writes a memo.<br/>
After that, we asked a number of questions more to the woman, but she didn’t have any more information.<br/>
Looks like she was pretty down in the hierarchy. <br/>
We obtained the information we needed, so we left the prison and onto the surface.<br/>
“Well then, my job is done, right?” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san stretched and was about to leave somewhere.<br/>
“Wait.” (Makoto)<br/>
I have to confirm one other thing.<br/>
“Princess, synchronize with me.” (Makoto)<br/>
 