[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c127](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/08/08/wm-chapter-127-takatsuki-makoto-can-escape/)
<br/><br/>
“Princess, let’s synchronize.” (Makoto)<br/>
In the monster stampede battle the other day, the RPG Player showed me choices.<br/>
(If I had chosen Furiae-san instead of Lucy, what would have happened…?) (Makoto)<br/>
I want to get a grasp of the result. <br/>
“Eeh, what should I do\~?” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san doesn’t seem to be into it, or like she is messing around.<br/>
“More importantly, shouldn’t you properly explain to the angered princess?” (Furiae)<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
I look at my back.<br/>
“…”<br/>
Princess Sofia was looking straight at me with puffed up cheeks.<br/>
“…Hero Makoto, what do you plan on doing synchronizing with the Moon Oracle?” (Sofia)<br/>
E-Eh?<br/>
She is angry?<br/>
“By\~e! Have fun with your quarrel!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san ran away! <br/>
“O-Oi! Where are you going?!” (Makoto)<br/>
“To the place of the Mage-san and Warrior-san! I wanted to go to the hot springs!” (Furiae)<br/>
She says this as she runs off at an astounding speed.<br/>
Damn fast!<br/>
What, so she wanted to hang out with the girls, huh.<br/>
““…””<br/>
And then, I was left with Princess Sofia.<br/>
Princess Sofia’s eyes were still cold.<br/>
“Uhm, Sofia, about the synchronization I talked about…” (Makoto)<br/>
I explain the choices of the RPG Player Skill to her.<br/>
“I see… It was to confirm the effect of your Skill.” (Sofia)<br/>
What a relief. It looks like she has accepted it. <br/>
“I heard from Aya-san that when you synchronized with Lucy-san, you ki…ssed her. Could it be that you were going to do that with the Moon Oracle too…?” (Sofia)<br/>
“No!” (Makoto)<br/>
A lot of misunderstandings are being created here!<br/>
That’s only Lucy.<br/>
…Do I need to kiss Lucy every time I need to synchronize with her?<br/>
In the end, I couldn’t investigate that part either. <br/>
“Even though when you did it with me…it was only holding hands…” (Sofia)<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
“It is nothing!” (Sofia)<br/>
“Ah, okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
This conversation is dangerous.<br/>
Change topics.<br/>
“I am a mage apprentice, so I am lacking in power on my own.” (Makoto)<br/>
I have Spirit Magic, but it depends heavily on time and place.<br/>
I tell her about my own Stats and Mana, and about how I have somehow managed with synchronization, spirit magic, and sword magic.<br/>
Hearing this, Princess Sofia’s expression turns serious.<br/>
“Hero Makoto…it is hard to believe it, but your job really is Mage Apprentice, huh.” (Sofia)<br/>
“Even though I am already over level 30, my mana is 4. My Mid Tier Magic is despairingly bad. I am truly weak… I am sorry for being an unreliable Hero.” (Makoto)<br/>
I laugh weakly.<br/>
“That’s not true at all.” (Sofia)<br/>
She holds both of my hands and continues speaking.<br/>
“At Horun, the Sun Country, and in this city, you saved us all. The residents of the capital, the Rozes knights, the people of Makkaren; they are all grateful to you.” (Sofia)<br/>
She looks directly into my eyes.<br/>
“No one thinks that you are unreliable.” (Sofia)<br/>
“…Thanks.” (Makoto)<br/>
I should stop bashing myself.<br/>
Also, I glance at her back.<br/>
“““““……”””””<br/>
The Guardian Knight Old Man and the Rozes Knights were watching us from a slightly separated location. <br/>
They must be trying to show us consideration, but…your gazes are stabbing me.<br/>
Well, they are the bodyguards of the Princess.<br/>
Can’t be helped.<br/>
“Uhm, how about we have a walk?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Okay. Where are we going, Hero Makoto?” (Sofia)<br/>
“We will be getting there soon. See there, that building.” (Makoto)<br/>
I point at a residence that has a big gate.<br/>
“That’s the residence of Makkaren’s feudal lord.” (Sofia)<br/>
“Yeah, I wanted to tell Chris-san and Fuji-yan about the information I got from the snake church woman.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I see. Then, let’s go.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia has no objections either.<br/>
We walk through the gate.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“M-My, Sofia-sama and Makoto-sama! It is a pleasure to have you here!” <br/>
An incredibly flustered Chris-san was there.<br/>
(Yeah…coming without an appointment was problematic, huh.) (Makoto)<br/>
I may have lacked common sense towards a member of high society. <br/>
By the way, the current lord of Makkaren, the father of Chris-san is feeling under the weather, so Chris-san is acting as an agent for him.<br/>
Of course, together with Fuji-yan and Nina-san.<br/>
Princess Sofia and I were guided to a big reception room.<br/>
The bodyguard knights were on standby at a different place.<br/>
“Actually, we heard this from the member of the Snake Church…” (Makoto)<br/>
I share the information that Furiae-san got just a moment ago.<br/>
The expressions of the three turn grim.<br/>
“If that amount of monsters were to show up again, would we be able to endure…?” (Nina)<br/>
“Let’s reinforce the ramparts at once!” (Chris)<br/>
Nina-san and Chris-san’s tone was grave.<br/>
Even though I was the reason why monsters attacked this place, they are not saying ‘leave’, huh.<br/>
I thought they would verate me a bit.<br/>
“I can lend a number of forces from the Rozes royalty to Makkaren, if it is only a bit.” (Sofia)<br/>
“No, Sofia-sama! That would affect the defense of the capital. We can’t have that…” (Chris)<br/>
The conversation is proceeding elsewhere.<br/>
It is not like I came here without anything in mind, so I must tell them my thoughts.<br/>
“Takki-dono, if you are thinking of something, please tell us.” (Fuji)<br/>
Fuji-yan moves the conversation to me to make it easier for me to speak out.<br/>
That’s a friend for ya.<br/>
He understands me.<br/>
“Actually…” (Makoto)<br/>
I tell them my plan.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“Is something like that possible?!” (Chris)<br/>
“If that’s the case, I think we would be able to endure an attack of monsters on the scale of before!” (Nina)<br/>
“You really do think up interesting stuff.” (Fuji)<br/>
Chris-san and Nina-san were surprised, and Fuji-yan chuckled.<br/>
“…There’s the possibility that Eir-sama won’t allow you to carry  that out…Eh? It is okay?” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia had a strict expression, but it seems like Eir-sama covered me.<br/>
“Thank you, Eir-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
I don’t know if she can hear me, but I thank her while looking up at the ceiling.<br/>
“U-Uhm, why does Eir-sama call you Mako-kun?! You two seem to be pretty close! When?!” (Sofia)<br/>
“Aah, you are just imagining things.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Are you hiding something?” (Sofia)<br/>
Eir-sama, when talking with Princess Sofia, please show a bit more of a God-like attitude…<br/>
“…”<br/>
Princess Sofia stares at me. <br/>
“What is it?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Nothing.” (Sofia)<br/>
She pouts and shifts her face towards Chris-san.<br/>
“Christiana Makkaren, I have something to talk to you about. Can I have some of your time?” (Sofia)<br/>
“Y-Yes! Regarding the plan to reinforce the ramparts of Makkaren, right? I was thinking of getting the approval of the Rozes royal family through you, Princess Sofia.” (Chris)<br/>
“Got it. Well then, let’s talk over there.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia and Chris-san went to a different room.<br/>
The ones left were Fuji-yan and Nina-san.<br/>
I couldn’t understand the conversation just now and asked Fuji-yan.<br/>
“There’s the need for the permission of Princess Sofia just for reinforcing the ramparts?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah. Due to the long time of peace, a rule like that was made…” (Fuji)<br/>
It seems like the lord of a land can’t just reinforce their ramparts as they wish, or suddenly increase their number of soldiers, since it would be suspected as a rebellion, so there’s the need to get the permission of the Rozes royalty. <br/>
Such a pain in a lot of ways.<br/>
“It must be hard for Chris. I can’t help out at all when it comes to politics.” (Nina)<br/>
Nina-san’s rabbit ears droop regretfully.<br/>
“Haha, that’s not it-desu zo. The reason why Princess Sofia told Chris-dono she wanted to talk with her wasn’t because of politics.” (Fuji)<br/>
Fuji-yan says while laughing.<br/>
““?””<br/>
Nina-san and I look at each other.<br/>
“It seems Princess Sofia wants to consult with Chris-dono about how to associate with the people that hold affection towards her own fiance.” (Fuji)<br/>
“…Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Aah, I see.” (Nina)<br/>
What did he say?<br/>
My mind couldn’t catch up for a moment there.<br/>
Nina-san hammered her hand in realization.<br/>
“Now that you mention it, Takatsuki-sama and Danna-sama’s situations are similar. Takatsuki-sama’s situation seems to be more problematic though.” (Nina)<br/>
Nina-san looks over here suggestively.<br/>
Fuji-yan has two wives: the coming lord of Makkaren, Chris, and the gold rank adventurer, Nina-san.<br/>
A noble and an adventurer.<br/>
It is true that it is similar to my situation with Princess Sofia, Lucy, and Sa-san.<br/>
(…Fuji-yan seems to be doing well though…from what I can see.) (Makoto)<br/>
In our first meeting, it was different, but the current Nina-san and Chris-san get along incredibly well.<br/>
I am currently living together with Princess Sofia, Lucy, and Sa-san.<br/>
As of now, there’s no problems…I think.<br/>
“Do your best, okay, Takatsuki-sama?” (Nina)<br/>
“Takki-dono, when you are tired, let’s go out for drinks.” (Fuji)<br/>
Fuji-yan and Nina-san tap my shoulder.<br/>
Eeeh, why?<br/>
“By the way, Takki-dono, if you’ve got the time, wanna go to my store that will be opening soon?” (Fuji)<br/>
“The new store of Fuji-yan?” (Makoto)<br/>
Ooh, I am interested.<br/>
“What store is it?” (Makoto)<br/>
“You will know when you go-desu zo. It is right on time for lunch, so let’s go together.” (Fuji)<br/>
“Then, I will accompany you as a bodyguard.” (Nina)<br/>
We leave a message to Princess Sofia and Chris-san who are in the middle of work(?), and we left the residence.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
Fuji-yan and Nina-san brought me to the market district. <br/>
“It is here-desu zo.” (Fuji)<br/>
“Oooh…this is…” (Makoto)<br/>
What I noticed first was the smell.<br/>
The thick smell of tonkotsu that I normally wouldn’t have been able to experience anymore after coming to this world.<br/>
It seems there’s only a counter in the store, and at a glance it doesn’t look like a kitchen, but a giant cylindrical pot was letting out steam vividly. <br/>
The source of the smell must be from that pot.<br/>
The big yellow sign had ‘Fujiwara Household’ written on it.<br/>
(T-This is…) (Makoto)<br/>
“Now now, Takki-dono.” (Fuji)<br/>
“O-Okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
I timidly go through the store curtain, and sit. <br/>
Fuji-yan did the same.<br/>
“Danna-sama, Takatsuki-sama, I am going to be on watch, so take your time.” (Nina)<br/>
Looks like Nina-san won’t be entering the store.<br/>
“It seems it is not to the taste of Nina-dono, you see.” (Fuji)<br/>
Fuji-yan explains.<br/>
“Welcome! What will you be taking?” <br/>
The man that seems to be the one running this place asks us.<br/>
W-Will this be understood in an isekai?<br/>
“On the h-harder side, n-normal.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Gotcha.” <br/>
My order went through!<br/>
“I will go for hard, thick, and extra. Also, rice.” (Fuji)<br/>
“Gotcha.” <br/>
“Fuji-yan, those are the three that will lead to a faster death.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Fufufu, but I just can’t get enough of it.” (Fuji)<br/>
After finishing my classes in high school, on my way home, Fuji-yan would always order in that same way at the ramen joint. <br/>
That brings back memories.<br/>
Not long after, a ramen porcelain bowl was placed in front of me.<br/>
I gulp reflexively.<br/>
I take the wooden spoon and take a sip of the broth.<br/>
(Hot!) (Makoto)<br/>
But tasty!<br/>
The thick tonkotsu sauce taste spreads in my tongue.<br/>
I dip a little bit of the grated garlic(similar) into the soup.<br/>
Then spin it with the noodles, and slurp it down.<br/>
After that, I just mindlessly slurp the noodles.<br/>
(T-That was delicious…) (Makoto)<br/>
“Fuji-yan! When is this ramen store going to open?!” (Makoto)<br/>
I have to come here often!<br/>
“Uhm, I want to open as soon as possible, but there’s a problem.” (Fuji)<br/>
“Problem?” (Makoto)<br/>
Even though it is this delicious?<br/>
There’s no problems in the taste at all!<br/>
“Danna-sama is trying to sell these noodle dishes at an unbelievably low price.” (Nina)<br/>
Nina-san pokes her head into the curtains of the store and tells me.<br/>
“Nina-dono! Ramen is the ally of the commoners-desu zo! It MUST have a low price, or there won’t be any meaning!” (Fuji)<br/>
“But what’s the point if we end up getting a deficit the more we sell!” (Nina)<br/>
Nina-san says straight and Fuji-yan gets dejected.<br/>
“Deficit…” (Makoto)<br/>
I did think recreating the same taste of Japan would be difficult in an isekai though.<br/>
“The cost of the ingredients is way too high…” (Nina)<br/>
“But if we don’t compromise on the ingredients, we won’t be able to get this taste!” (Fuji)<br/>
“In that case, the price you are putting it at is a no!” (Nina)<br/>
“I-If we bring profit from the side menu and drinks…” (Fuji)<br/>
“If we do that, there will be a reduction in demand… This is what you taught me, Danna-sama.” (Nina)<br/>
“Ugh…” (Fuji)<br/>
Fuji-yan is losing in an argument against Nina-san.<br/>
Looks like it will take time before it opens. <br/>
Even though the taste is the best.<br/>
(When it opens, I will invite Sa-san.) (Makoto)<br/>
But in the past, when I invited her to a ramen joint, she made an ‘eeeh’ face…<br/>
No, I am sure she hasn’t eaten ramen since coming here! <br/>
While I was thinking that, I was listening to the argument of Fuji-yan and Nina-san.<br/>
After that, I parted with Fuji-yan and Nina-san, and when I returned to my house, Sa-san asked ‘eh? Takatsuki-kun, you went to a ramen store?’.<br/>
When I told her about the store of Fuji-yan, she told me ‘next time, I am definitely coming along!’.<br/>
That’s great.<br/>
Looks like inviting her was the right choice.<br/>
““…””<br/>
Princess Sofia and Lucy were looking over here as if they really wanted to go, so I invited them too.<br/>
Lucy is one thing, but will Princess Sofia be okay…?<br/>
A princess in a ramen store…<br/>
That sounds so out of place.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
That night.<br/>
I dreamed.<br/>
A space with nothing.<br/>
The place of the Goddess.<br/>
Today I came here willingly. <br/>
There was something I wanted to consult with Noah-sama about.<br/>
“Makoto… You really push yourself the whole time. I prohibit you from using the Sacrificial Technique in the future!” (Noah)<br/>
She seemed to be slightly angry, but her tone was gentle.<br/>
Noah-sama had her arms crossed.<br/>
Glittery silver hair and white skin.<br/>
Her light dress is releasing a divine light. <br/>
It is the usual her.<br/>
The problem is the woman by her side.<br/>
A smile filled with affection.<br/>
Transparent blue hair, and a blue dress.<br/>
At her back, I could faintly see 4 wings of light.<br/>
She somewhat resembles Princess Sofia.<br/>
But the one there is someone that’s divine unlike any mortal.<br/>
“Hello\~, Mako-kun.” <br/>
That woman waved her hand at me and smiled.<br/>
 