[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c129](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/08/10/wm-chapter-129-takatsuki-makoto-departs/)
<br/><br/>
Sponsored Chapter!<br/>
“Makoto-san! We will be able to travel together! I am happy!” (Leo)<br/>
Saying this, Prince Leonard grabs my hand tightly.<br/>
“Same here, I will be counting on you.” (Makoto)<br/>
Right, Prince Leonard will be going to Spring Log with us.<br/>
To think he would be this happy about it.<br/>
But I am still in bed.<br/>
At this rate, I won’t be able to change clothes.<br/>
“Leo, you are troubling Hero Makoto. That’s enough.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia reprimands him.<br/>
But Prince Leonard ignores his sister’s words.<br/>
“Right, Makoto-san, I heard that you are engaged with Sofia-neesama! In other words, you are my brother. From now on, I will be calling you Makoto-niisan, okay?!” (Leo)<br/>
“Huh?” (Makoto)<br/>
Is that way of calling me already settled?<br/>
Also, you are so close your breath is reaching me and it is getting me nervous here.<br/>
“Leo!” (Sofia)<br/>
“Well then, see you later!” (Leo)<br/>
Prince Leonard runs off.<br/>
““……””<br/>
Princess Sofia and I look at each other.<br/>
I scratch my cheek and give her a wry smile.<br/>
“Prince Leonard is an energetic boy, isn’t he?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…You are liked quite a lot by Leo, aren’t you?” (Sofia)<br/>
“…Why are you looking at me with those eyes of suspicion, Sofia?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Nothing.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia averts her gaze sulkish.<br/>
That profile of hers is similar to Prince Leonard’s, and it really hammers the fact that they really are siblings.<br/>
And then, my head that was slowly waking up reminded me of the words of Eir-sama.<br/>
—Actually, at this rate, Rozes might perish.<br/>
Does Princess Sofia know about this?<br/>
“Sofia, have you heard anything from Eir-sama?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Anything, as in?” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia tilts her head.<br/>
“About Rozes, and about the danger of the Demonic Forest…” (Makoto)<br/>
I choose my words carefully and ask her.<br/>
“No, nothing… Could it be that you spoke to Eir-sama?! What did you talk about?!” (Sofia)<br/>
“T-That’s not it. I simply spoke to my own Goddess, Noah-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
I hurriedly lied, but I wonder if what Eir-sama said way back ‘keep it a secret from everyone, okay?’ is still active.<br/>
“I see… Hero Makoto, a guest has come to visit you. Once you finish changing, please come.” (Sofia)<br/>
After saying this, Princess Sofia leaves the room.<br/>
Guest?<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“It has been a while, Water Country’s Hero.” <br/>
In the room, there’s an attractive female knight with golden armor and sharp eyes.<br/>
If I remember correctly, she is…<br/>
“Uhm, are you the little sister of the Lightning Hero, Geralt Valentine, and the captain of the Pegasus Knights Division, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…My name is not that long. I am Janet Valentine.” <br/>
She narrows her eyes and corrects me with a slightly strong tone.<br/>
Right right, Janet-san. I remember now.<br/>
Why is she here in Makkaren?<br/>
“I requested it. I asked Princess Noel if she could lend us some soldiers for you when going to the Wood Country.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia tells me.<br/>
“Be thankful. In order to cross the Great Forest, we of the Pegasus Knight Division are the best choice.” (Janet)<br/>
“I see… But can’t we just go using the Flying Ship?” (Makoto)<br/>
I am sorry for Janet-san who is getting all haughty here, but I feel like it would be more peaceful for me and easier if we were to move with the Flying Ship of Fuji-yan as we always do.<br/>
“Takki-dono, that won’t be possible-desu zo.” <br/>
“Oh, Fuji-yan. Since when did you get here?” (Makoto)<br/>
I noticed now that Fuji-yan and Nina-san had come to our house as well.<br/>
There’s apparently a variety of dragons living in the Great Forest, and if we were to use the Flying Ship, we would end up being targeted.<br/>
I was indeed told before that the areas where we would encounter dragons had been removed from the travelling path of the ship.<br/>
The many Green Dragons that inhabit the Great Forest.<br/>
It is true that the Flying Ship would be in danger if we were to be attacked by those guys.<br/>
(Can’t be helped…) (Makoto)<br/>
The Pegasus Knights that we fought together with for a little bit in the Sun Country.<br/>
If I remember correctly, there were a lot of women that had really hard to deal with personalities in it…<br/>
“T-This is terrible!” <br/>
At that moment, a female knight that seems to be the subordinate of Janet-san (her armor has the crest of the Sun Country) came into the room in a hurry.<br/>
“A giant appeared in the city! We are fighting it, but our attacks are not working at all!” <br/>
“Ah, crap!” (Makoto)<br/>
The Titan Old Man!<br/>
“Makoto, this is bad!” (Lucy)<br/>
“A monster apparently appeared in the city!” (Aya)<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san also hurriedly tried to go out, but…<br/>
“Sorry, I was the one who called it!” (Makoto)<br/>
“““““Eh?”””””<br/>
Everyone here turned towards me.<br/>
Yeah, I am really sorry!<br/>
◇◇<br/>
There’s a Giant shining in seven colors standing there.<br/>
“““……”””<br/>
Everyone there was lacking in words.<br/>
“It has been a while…boy.” <br/>
“Hello, it has indeed been a while, Titan-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
I greeted the Titan Old Man.<br/>
There’s an astounding amount of mana swirling around his body that shines in seven colors.<br/>
It is as if he is overflowing with even more strength than the last time we met, or more like, he wasn’t at his best last time.<br/>
By the way, the female knights on their knees at the back of the Old Man were unable to injure the Old Man a single bit even when they attacked him with their all, so they are sullen right now.<br/>
Or maybe they are being overwhelmed by the pressure of the Titan Old Man.<br/>
“…Tell me your request.” <br/>
“You see, I want you to reinforce the ramparts of Makkaren.” (Makoto)<br/>
I told him about the monster stampede that occurred recently and told him about my request.<br/>
“…Fumu, so that’s how it is… I don’t mind, but what should I do exactly?” <br/>
“Eh? …Do a good job?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Even if you tell me that…” <br/>
The Titan Old Man made a troubled expression.<br/>
Hm? Was this not the right way to ask?<br/>
“Takki-dono, Titan-sama! I have a blueprint here-desu zo. I would like you to reinforce the city’s ramparts in this way.” (Fuji)<br/>
“Fuji-yan, when did you prepare something like that?” (Makoto)<br/>
Wow, he is perfectly prepared.<br/>
“When I heard that you would be requesting this of the Titan-sama, I immediately searched for a draftman, and got the approval of Chris-dono. If we make it exactly as this blueprint shows, there shouldn’t be any problems-desu zo.” (Fuji)<br/>
“…Show me… Fumu, okay.” <br/>
That’s a relief.<br/>
It really saved me that Fuji-yan was here.<br/>
I thought that since he is a God, he would be able to draw something out on his own if I were to ask.<br/>
“…I can’t do that much.” <br/>
He read my mind and retorted.<br/>
“Ah, yes. I am sorry.” (Makoto)<br/>
There’s no privacy in this world.<br/>
“…Well then, move away.” <br/>
The Titan Old Man says this, goes on his knees, and places his hands on the ground.<br/>
His already massive amount of mana covering his body had even more mana gather around him.<br/>
An amount of mana that far surpasses what I saw from the Great Water Spirit, Undine.<br/>
The Pegasus Knights and the bodyguards of Princess Sofia went pale white after seeing that.<br/>
(Oops…maybe it would have been better to take a bit more distance from him.) (Makoto)<br/>
It seems like that was a bit too shocking for the people who are seeing it for the first time.<br/>
“Creation.” <br/>
The Titan Old Man austerely proclaims.<br/>
The ground shakes, and I got an optical illusion as if I were slowly being picked up.<br/>
No, it isn’t me seeing things. The ground of the whole city is gradually rising.<br/>
At the same time as that was happening, the ramparts were remade into tall and sturdy ones…<br/>
In terms of time, it would be around 10 minutes. <br/>
The whole city had been rearranged.<br/>
“““……”””<br/>
Everyone at the place including me were speechless.<br/>
I don’t know what Janet-san thought of, but she rode her Pegasus, and after flying around in the sky, she returned.<br/>
Returned with a face filled with shock.<br/>
“Princess Sofia…this city has been reborn into a fortress city!” (Janet)<br/>
“Y-Yeah…that was some amazing magic.” (Sofia)<br/>
“Just what’s that Giant…?” (Janet)<br/>
“He is apparently Hero Makoto’s acquaintance…” (Sofia)<br/>
“As expected from the rival of Onii-sama.” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san looks like she can’t believe it, and Princess Sofia was standing there dumbfounded.<br/>
Janet-san?<br/>
Can you please not treat me as the rival of your brother on your own?<br/>
“H-Hey…My Knight, isn’t this God Rank Earth Magic…?” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san points out while trembling.<br/>
“Hmm, I wonder.” (Makoto)<br/>
There’s a lot of people who don’t know, so I keep it vague.<br/>
(Well, it is magic done by a God, so it is natural.) (Makoto)<br/>
Of course it would be God level.<br/>
“…I have fulfilled my promise.” <br/>
“Thank you very much, Titan-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
I hurriedly give my thanks.<br/>
The Titan Old Man burrows onto the ground and disappears.<br/>
He is one restless guy.<br/>
“He could have stayed here for a bit longer.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Hero Makoto, that’s an Old God, right? Who knows if Eir-sama will forgive this.” (Sofia)<br/>
“Ah, that’s okay, Sofia. I got the permission of Eir-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Wait, doesn’t that mean you really did talk with Eir-sama, Hero Makoto…?” (Sofia)<br/>
“Oops, I need to make my preparations to depart to the Wood Country.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hey, wait!” (Sofia)<br/>
I was about to slip there, so I returned to my room and decided to prepare.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“Well then, I will be going. Fuji-yan, Nina-san, Chris-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“That’s sudden. You could have waited for a bit more…no, that’s how it is.” <br/>
The next day Janet-san and her pegasus knights arrived, we departed to the Wood Country.<br/>
(The Water Country is on the verge of falling… If the words of Eir-sama are true, I should act soon.) (Makoto)<br/>
“Be careful out there, Hero Makoto. Leo, listen to what Makoto tells you, okay?” (Sofia)<br/>
“Yes, Nee-sama! I’m going!” (Leo)<br/>
“You will be returning to the capital, aren’t you, Princess Sofia? When we return from the Wood Country, I will go to Horun to report about it, okay?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yes, I will be waiting.” (Sofia)<br/>
I finished my farewells.<br/>
(Even though the Water Country is in danger, Princess Sofia doesn’t know…?) (Makoto)<br/>
I tried implying it to Princess Sofia to see if she reacted, but it seemed she didn’t know at all.<br/>
It feels somewhat strange.<br/>
“Hey, My Knight, what are you going to do with this little one?” (Furiae)<br/>
“Nauu\~” <br/>
What Furiae-san was grabbing by the nape was the black cat, Tsui.<br/>
It has been living in our back garden.<br/>
“Mary-san, can I ask you to look after this black cat?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Oh my, Makoto-kun’s pet? Okay\~. Leave it to me.” (Mary)<br/>
Mary-san has officially become the one in charge of the Water Country’s Hero in the Makkaren Adventurer Guild, so I have asked her to look after my house too.<br/>
No one being there when we are absent would be careless after all. <br/>
So I say, but all my luggage is just one rucksack worth, so my room is completely empty.<br/>
“Ara, isn’t that dangerous? Even if it is a larva, it is still a demonic beast, you know? I thought for sure you would be making it your familiar.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Eh? This little one is a demonic beast?!” (Mary)<br/>
Mary-san jumps at the statement of Furiae-san.<br/>
“Aah, that’s true. Can’t be helped then, let’s bring it along…” (Makoto)<br/>
When I extend my hand…<br/>
“Shaaa!” <br/>
I was scratched.<br/>
Eeeh…<br/>
“Naa Naa\~.” <br/>
Tsui-kun is rubbing its head on Furiae-san.<br/>
“Ara, your master is over there, right? It is not me.” (Furiae)<br/>
At the words of Furiae-san, Tsui came here as if it were sighing.<br/>
Then, it went up to my shoulder and curled itself there.<br/>
…Oi, isn’t your attitude terrible?<br/>
“Aah, Tsui has been stolen away by Fu-chan.” (Aya)<br/>
“My condolences, Makoto…” (Lucy)<br/>
Sa-san and Lucy look at me with pity!<br/>
You two, stop making those eyes.<br/>
“Damn it, Tsui. Just you watch. I am eventually going to turn your body into one that can’t live without me.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Naa Naa\~.” <br/>
I don’t think it understood my words, but the black cat just replies as if reacting to my voice.<br/>
“Are you done now? Finished with the farewells?” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san and her knights were looking at us as if exasperated.<br/>
Oops, made them wait.<br/>
“Well then, I will be going.” (Makoto)<br/>
We waved our hands to the people seeing us off, rode on the back of the pegasus, and flew off.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
The city gets further and further away.<br/>
I look back and watch the Makkaren that has changed into a fortress city.<br/>
Sturdy ramparts, and tall stone walls.<br/>
A big moat surrounds it.<br/>
From afar, it only looks like a giant military facility. <br/>
With that, it could even endure 10,000 monsters.<br/>
I think the chances of there being a stampede again in the time I am not there are low though.<br/>
They should be fine with those defenses.<br/>
(…It is just…) (Makoto)<br/>
Makkaren is the ‘beginning town’ for me.<br/>
I was brought into the Water Temple without even knowing how to read, and after that, the first place I arrived at was this city.<br/>
It has been looking after me since I was level 2, and it was practically like the symbol of peace, but…it has changed quite a lot now.<br/>
(…Isn’t it a bit too intimidating for it to be the ‘beginning town’?) (Makoto)<br/>
If an otherworlder comes again and sees Makkaren…<br/>
(They would definitely be surprised…) (Makoto)<br/>
I was thinking that while enjoying the journey in the sky from the back of the pegasus.<br/>
 