[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c130](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/08/12/wm-chapter-130-takatsuki-makoto-arrives-at-the-elf-village/)
<br/><br/>
“Janet-san, where are we heading to?” (Makoto)<br/>
I rode on the pegasus and was holding onto Janet-san as I asked her.<br/>
We were several hundreds of meters up in the sky.<br/>
A big forest that went on as far as I could see spread before my eyes.<br/>
We avoided the Demonic Forest that has thick fog, and headed towards the interior of the Great Forest.<br/>
At a glance, it only looks like trees, but…<br/>
“I don’t mind you calling me Janet, Water Country’s Hero. Your standing and age are higher than me after all.” (Janet)<br/>
“Eh? O-Okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
Even if you tell me that, you are the big sister type (she is younger than me) that has a rough personality which I can’t handle well.<br/>
I find it hard to call you without honorifics.<br/>
“I will answer your question. We are going to the Kanan Village. The birthplace of the Crimson Witch.” (Janet)<br/>
“The home of Lucy, right? Then, wouldn’t it be better for her to guide us—” (Makoto)<br/>
“No need. We obviously know where the birthplace of one of the strongest powers of the Wood Country, the Crimson Witch Rosalie J Walker, is located at.” (Janet)<br/>
Is that how it works?<br/>
Even so, the mom of Lucy is quite the big deal. <br/>
Strongest powers, huh.<br/>
According to Lucy: ‘She wanders around the whole year and rarely comes home. I myself haven’t met her for several years already’, so the chances of her being in the Kanan Village are low.<br/>
If we don’t meet the Crimson Witch, the public plan is to greet the Wood Country’s Hero, and the Wood Country’s Oracle.<br/>
And then…<br/>
(Investigate the abnormalities of the Demonic Forest.) (Makoto)<br/>
Investigate this so-called ‘danger that approaches the Water Country’ which Eir-sama mentioned.<br/>
This is my true objective.<br/>
But I have no detailed hint, so I don’t know what we should be doing at all.<br/>
(What to do…) (Makoto)<br/>
While I was pondering this…<br/>
“All forces, we are changing direction!” (Janet)<br/>
The pegasus knights change direction with the fast order of Janet-san.<br/>
This is the 10th time.<br/>
“Monster?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah, there’s a dragon ahead. We will take a detour.” (Janet)<br/>
I couldn’t see it at all, and my Detection Skill didn’t react at all either.<br/>
It seems Janet-san can Detect things several kilometers away.<br/>
As expected of someone left in command of the Northern Sky Knight Division at such a young age.<br/>
And so, we avoid the dangerous monsters as we head towards the depths of the Wood Country, and around half a day passes.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“Today we will camp here.” (Janet)<br/>
The girl that looks to be the mage of the pegasus knight division sets up a monster repelling barrier.<br/>
The other members were securing food, making a fire, and making preparations for dinner.<br/>
Ah, Sa-san is helping out with the cooking.<br/>
Should I help out with something too?<br/>
“Uhm, can I help out with anything?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Nothing. Water Country’s Hero-sama, please rest over there.” (Janet)<br/>
“O-Okay…” (Makoto)<br/>
I curl up at a corner dejected and wait for dinner to be ready. <br/>
“Makoto-niisan, the pegasus journey was tiring. I am surprised that you had a lot of composure even though it was your first time.” (Leo)<br/>
Prince Leonard smiles and sits by my side.<br/>
“I am simply riding at the back anyways, so it was a pretty relaxing ride.” (Makoto)<br/>
I was only looking at the sight of the Great Forest or the blonde hair of Janet-san.<br/>
“That’s impressive, you know! A person normally gets more scared or fatigued when riding a wyvern or a pegasus. The first time I rode one, I was incredibly scared, and Lucy-san and Furi-san seem to be tired, you know?” (Leo)<br/>
Saying this, he directs his eyes at where my comrades are. <br/>
“Uuh…the ground is calming. The sky is scary\~.” (Lucy)<br/>
“How pathetic… Being tired from something like a pegasus and not being able to move…” (Furiae)<br/>
Lucy and Furiae-san were completely exhausted.<br/>
It seems it was their first time riding a pegasus.<br/>
“I will put the plates out, okay? I have chopped the firewood.” (Aya)<br/>
“S-Sasaki-sama?! You chopped the firewood with your bare hands?!” <br/>
The knights were surprised.<br/>
Sa-san looks energetic.<br/>
Tsui is waiting for the food to get ready while on the shoulder of Sa-san.<br/>
“Otherworlders really are amazing.” (Leo)<br/>
Prince Leonard looks at me with glittery eyes.<br/>
(But I think the reasons for Sa-san are different from mine.) (Makoto)<br/>
With the ability from reincarnating as a lamia together with her boost as an otherworlder, Sa-san’s physical abilities are outstanding.<br/>
It must be easy for her to ride on a pegasus for half a day.<br/>
Then, what about me? <br/>
One would be the effect of Clear Mind.<br/>
The other most influential one would be RPG Player with its outside the world perspective. <br/>
Normally, if a person were to continuously travel several meters up in the sky without a lifeline, they would panic a whole lot more.<br/>
Even so, the only impressions that came out of me were things like ‘it looks pretty from here’.<br/>
(I probably am lacking a bit in my sense of danger.) (Makoto)<br/>
It is convenient to not feel any unnecessary fear though.<br/>
As Noah-sama has told me, I shouldn’t carelessly plunge into danger.<br/>
In this time’s exploration of the Wood Country and the Demonic Forest , I had the oracle of the Water Goddess.<br/>
Let’s play it safe.<br/>
“Hero of Rozes, Makoto.” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san comes.<br/>
Sharp gaze and beautiful blonde hair.<br/>
Maybe because she is the leader of these knights, she is not showing any visible signs of exhaustion at all.<br/>
“Thanks for the hard work today.” (Makoto)<br/>
For now, I thank her.<br/>
“Looks like you are used to riding a pegasus.” (Janet)<br/>
“Eh? That was my first time riding one. It was fun.” (Makoto)<br/>
I was a bit bored by the latter half though.<br/>
“…Is that so.” (Janet)<br/>
She had a face as if she wanted to say something as she looked down at me.<br/>
“Is something the matter?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I heard that you stopped a stampede of monsters in Makkaren and defeated an Ancient Dragon with one attack.” (Janet)<br/>
“Aah.” (Makoto)<br/>
Did she hear that from Princess Sofia?<br/>
Or maybe someone from the Adventurer Guild.<br/>
“It was through the help of everyone from the guild that we managed to protect Makkaren.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Your achievements have reached the military authorities of the Sun Country. Your evaluation will increase even further.” (Janet)<br/>
“…I see…” (Makoto)<br/>
Contrary to her words, her tone was thorny.<br/>
Janet-san seems to love her brother, so maybe she doesn’t like that I have gotten more achievements?<br/>
But it looks like that wasn’t it.<br/>
“I was told by my father and brother whether I wanted to marry the Water Country’s Hero.” (Janet)<br/>
““Eh?””<br/>
Prince Leonard and I end up looking at each other.<br/>
Marry?<br/>
Becoming a wife?<br/>
“You must not! Makoto-niisan is the fiancee of Sofia-neesama!” (Leo)<br/>
Prince Leonard stands in between us as if blocking her.<br/>
Janet-san chuckles after seeing this.<br/>
“I was told the same thing by Princess Sofia. Well, becoming your wife is—” (Janet)<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun\~! I got this fruit from the forest. Here☆.” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san suddenly hugged me from behind and pushed a fruit that looked like an apple into my mouth.<br/>
The bitter sweet taste of the fruit spreads in my mouth.<br/>
Being a product directly from the forest, even the fruits have mana in them. I could feel my mana recovering slightly.<br/>
“Is it tasty?” (Aya)<br/>
“Yeah, it is.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I see. Then, I will eat too.” (Aya)<br/>
“Oi.” (Makoto)<br/>
Poison tasting?<br/>
Sa-san looks at me teasingly and then bites into the side of the fruit that I had taken a bite of.<br/>
…There was no need to eat from that side.<br/>
I could feel myself blushing a bit.<br/>
“Makoto\~…” (Lucy)<br/>
“O-Oi, Lucy.” (Makoto)<br/>
Lucy, who was dizzy from the pegasus ride, crept her way here.<br/>
Don’t push yourself.<br/>
“I want to drink water.” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy gives me an upward glance with her weakened expression.<br/>
Can’t refuse that request.<br/>
“Okay okay, got it.” (Makoto)<br/>
I say this and take the canteen, pouring it into a cup.<br/>
“I want it mouth to mouth\~.” (Lucy)<br/>
“?!” (Makoto)<br/>
What is this girl saying?!<br/>
“Lu-chan, that’s a no!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san retorts.<br/>
“Rozes Hero Makoto…” (Janet)<br/>
A cold voice pours at me from above.<br/>
Janet-san was looking at me as if looking at trash.<br/>
“You have quite the position here even though you have a fiance.” (Janet)<br/>
“No, you see…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Who would want to marry a guy like you…” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san doesn’t listen to my response and just leaves.<br/>
“Whew, that was close. You were on the verge of getting a fourth wife.” (Lucy)<br/>
“It was just as Sofia-chan said. Takatsuki-kun immediately raises flags.” (Aya)<br/>
“Hey, you two…” (Makoto)<br/>
What are you saying?<br/>
The two high five each other and go ‘yaay’.<br/>
“Muuh…” (Leo)<br/>
For some reason, even Prince Leonard was sulking.<br/>
(Because I am lacking in my stance as the fiance of his sister…?) (Makoto)<br/>
Should I reflect?<br/>
I don’t really need any more wives, you know? <br/>
After that, we ate dinner, and slept in the tents.<br/>
I slept at the tent together with Prince Leonard.<br/>
Prince Leonard was hugging me and I found it hard to sleep.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
The next day.<br/>
A journey in the sky for half a day more continued.<br/>
We arrived at a small village.<br/>
At a glance, it only looks like one part of this lushful forest of trees, but I could see grass roofs here and there.<br/>
There’s apparently several hundreds of elf and beastkin villages in the Wood Country. <br/>
Or more like, the several hundreds of villages makes up the Wood Country.<br/>
That’s why there isn’t something like a capital or a central settlement.<br/>
The residents of the Wood Country are peacefully living their lives together with the forest in their small communities.<br/>
It seems there’s a barrier around the village, so I couldn’t notice there was a village until we got close to it. <br/>
We had the pegasus land close to that village and we walked to the entrance.<br/>
“Waah, brings me back\~.” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy runs into the village.<br/>
There’s an elf guarding a simple gate.<br/>
When Lucy calls them, they welcome her with a smile.<br/>
“Doing good?!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Oh, Lucy!” <br/>
It seems it was an acquaintance.<br/>
The guard elf glances at us.<br/>
“Lucy, who are these people?” <br/>
“The people that I am in a party with at the Adventurer Guild of the Water Country, and knights of the Sun Country. They said they came to meet my mother.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Haha, I haven’t seen Mother Rosalie in forever either.” <br/>
The elf answers heartily.<br/>
Wait, mother?<br/>
“What, you have made friends from outside the country too, Lucy?” <br/>
“Hey, don’t treat me like a child, Onii-chan!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Haha! I was worried. I am glad to see you are fine.” <br/>
Eeh?! I thought they were just acquainted, but he was Lucy’s brother?! <br/>
“Then, see you later, okay?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Alright. Greet Jii-sama too, okay?” <br/>
“I know.” (Lucy)<br/>
Saying this, Lucy goes in.<br/>
“O-Oi, Lucy, is it okay to not give your greetings properly?” (Makoto)<br/>
If he is her family, wouldn’t it be better to talk for a bit more?<br/>
You haven’t even introduced us.<br/>
“Hmm…there would be no end if we were to do it right now. It would be better to talk with my grandpa who is the village chief. Prince Leonard, Janet-san, are you okay with that?” (Lucy)<br/>
“I don’t mind.” (Leo)<br/>
“The great figure that’s the child of the Legendary Hero, Johnny Walker-sama, right? I have no problem with that.” (Janet)<br/>
“Then, I will guide you.” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy walks on.<br/>
Naturally from an elf village, the people we are meeting are all elves.<br/>
However, what bothers me is that…<br/>
“Ara, you are back, Lucy.” <br/>
“Yeah, Onee-chan. Is Ojii-chan here?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Yes, he is. He was worried about you. At least write letters.” <br/>
“Oka\~y.” (Lucy)<br/>
We pass by a beautiful elf lady that’s like a more adult Lucy.<br/>
“Heya, Lucy. Guests?” <br/>
“That’s right, Onii-chan.” (Lucy)<br/>
A well-built male elf that was swinging his sword outside greeted us.<br/>
“Oh, cute knight-san, want me to guide you around the Kanan Village?” <br/>
“Onii-chan, that person is a noble from the Sun Country! You must not try to flirt with her!” (Lucy)<br/>
A loose-looking man was glared at when he tried to pick up Janet-san.<br/>
“Oh my, what a cute boy. Want to play with this lady here?” <br/>
“Onee-chan! That person is Prince Leonard of the Water Country! No seducing!” (Lucy)<br/>
An elf lady that’s wearing even more risque clothes than Lucy spoke to Prince Leonard.<br/>
“Oh my! A friend of Lucy? You have strange mana.” <br/>
“Yes, I am the close friend of Lu-chan, Sasaki Aya.” (Aya)<br/>
“My! Could you possibly be an otherworlder? I am the sister of Lucy. Nice to meet you.” <br/>
“Nice to meet you.” (Aya)<br/>
An elf girl that seems to be close in age to Lucy spoke to Sa-san.<br/>
“…How beautiful. What’s your name, oh lovely princess?” <br/>
“Who are you?” (Furiae)<br/>
“OH! You are lovely even when saying cold words! Would you care to have dinner with me tonight?” <br/>
“Huh?” (Furiae)<br/>
“Onii-chan, you must not!” (Lucy)<br/>
Another loose-looking male elf is trying to pick up Furiae-san.<br/>
There’s a lot of pick-up bastards here! <br/>
But what’s bothering me is…<br/>
(Hmm?) (Makoto)<br/>
“Hey, Sa-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I heard from Lu-chan, so I knew.” (Aya)<br/>
Ah, I see.<br/>
“Hey, Lucy…” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Yeah, well…I know what you want to say.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Don’t you have way too many siblings?” (Makoto)<br/>
As of now, every single person we have passed by has been Lucy’s brother or sister.<br/>
We have already gone to the double digits and it is rising.<br/>
“How many siblings do you have, Lucy?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…More than 50.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I told you my mother has a habit of wandering around a lot, right? And so, in her journeys, she would marry, divorce, have babies, and bring them back to the village… Well, I am one of those babies.” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy goes ‘haha’ and laughs lightly.<br/>
“I heard that the Crimson Witch had a lot of children, but…” (Janet)<br/>
“T-This is impressive…” (Leo)<br/>
Seeing that even Janet-san and Prince Leonard are surprised must mean that the 50 siblings matter was something that only the family knew about.<br/>
“I thought my place having 4 little brothers was a lot.” (Aya)<br/>
“I am an only child.” (Makoto)<br/>
Sa-san and I look at each other.<br/>
Lucy’s family circumstances are above and beyond the average.<br/>
“Also…all my siblings in this world are dead, so…” (Aya)<br/>
Aya’s expression darkens.<br/>
“Sa-san…” (Makoto)<br/>
What can I say to that?<br/>
A painful memory resurfaced.<br/>
“Aya!” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy hugs Sa-san.<br/>
“Makoto and I will be together with you forever! We are already family!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Lu-chan… Right! Let’s make a warm family together!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san also hugs Lucy back, and they both look here.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, I want 5 children.” (Aya)<br/>
“Eh?! You want that much, Aya? I-I am fine with having only one…” (Lucy)<br/>
Aren’t we leaping a little too much here?<br/>
“Everyone! Let’s move on!” (Leo)<br/>
Prince Leonard scolded us.<br/>
“““Okay.”””<br/>
This conversation was too much to have in front of a 9 year old.<br/>
“Around the roots of that big tree you can see over there, there’s the house of my grandpa, the village chief.” (Lucy)<br/>
At the place Lucy is pointing at, we could see a splendid house. <br/>
Right at that time, one elf comes out from the house.<br/>
“It has been a while, Lucy. So you have come back.” <br/>
“Ah, Flona-oneechan! You were here!” (Lucy)<br/>
Another sister of Lucy, huh.<br/>
A kind-looking elf with beautiful silver hair and green eyes smiled.<br/>
“Let me introduce you here, Makoto. This person is the Wood Country’s Oracle.” (Lucy)<br/>
“?!” <br/>
The Wood Country’s Oracle showed up?! <br/>
 