[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c133](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/08/16/wm-chapter-133-takatsuki-makoto-faces-the-demon-lord-confidant/)
<br/><br/>
[Will you run away from the Demon Lord Bifrons’ confidant, Setekh?]<br/>
Yes ←<br/>
No<br/>
(Run away!) (Makoto)<br/>
It didn’t even take 1 second to decide. <br/>
This is an opponent that we must not fight against.<br/>
Even RPG Player-san is asking me ‘will you run away?’! <br/>
“Well then, I remembered I have some unattended business, so I will be taking my leave now.” (Makoto)<br/>
I act calm and raise my right hand as I give my farewells.<br/>
“Oh, is that so, Human? I wanted to talk with you a bit more. That’s a shame.” <br/>
He didn’t really seem that sad, but he didn’t try to stop me.<br/>
That’s a relief.<br/>
I pull the hand of Prince Leonard, and slap the shoulder of Janet-san.<br/>
The two of them are standing there trembling.<br/>
Hmm…would it be better to pull them?<br/>
The armor of Janet-san looks heavy, so I don’t think I will be able to move her on my own though.<br/>
“Awooooooohn!!” <br/>
At that moment, a big shadow passed over us and attacked the vampire.<br/>
(The Magic Wolf King of the Great Forest?) (Makoto)<br/>
The boss of the Forest Wolves.<br/>
Looks like it came to get its revenge after its pack was wiped out.<br/>
This is our chance to run away.<br/>
“Ooh, what an energetic dog.” <br/>
Despite the vampire having its throat bitten, he was laughing as if having fun.<br/>
And then, it grabbed the neck of the Magic Wolf, and just like that, it bit off an artery.<br/>
The Magic Wolf vomits a large amount of blood, and blood showered out from its neck.<br/>
It flailed its legs and tried to get away, but it was restrained by the arm of the vampire, and just like that, it lost its life within his arm.<br/>
*Gulp…Gulp…Gulp*<br/>
Making a chilling sound that made my hairs stand.<br/>
The vampire continues drinking the blood of the magic wolf as if it were a sports drink.<br/>
(So the way of eating from the Great Sage-sama was elegant, huh…) (Makoto)<br/>
If she were to drink in that way, I would instantly turn into a mummy. <br/>
It reminds me of the times in the Sun Country.<br/>
The vampire seems to be concentrating in his meal, so I want to run away quickly, but…<br/>
“Fuuh, lifeblood really is the way to go. But lately, monsters die immediately. This little dog as well. I thought it would last a bit longer.” <br/>
The corpse of the dried up magic wolf rolls on the floor.<br/>
(He already finished drinking…) (Makoto)<br/>
All the events took less than a minute. <br/>
The vampire takes his face off the corpse of the magic wolf, and his body was dirtied completely in red.<br/>
His eye sockets were hollow as always, but it feels as if its skin was getting younger. <br/>
Is it regaining its strength?<br/>
At that moment, the vampire Setekh snorts with a ‘hmph hmph’.<br/>
“Oh? I have no eyes, but I can feel you people have untainted blood.” <br/>
“…Untainted blood, huh.” (Makoto) <br/>
This has two meanings.<br/>
One is that you don’t have demon blood.<br/>
That’s what Lucy told me a long time ago.<br/>
But Setekh-san is a vampire.<br/>
The other meaning is…<br/>
In vampire language, it means that you have no sexual experience with the other gender.<br/>
(Meaning, virgins.) (Makoto)<br/>
Can you please not disclose the private information of others?! <br/>
Prince Leonard is a child, so that’s natural, but it looks like Janet-san is as well. I glanced at her profile, but she had a pale white face and this wasn’t a situation for teasing.<br/>
“Aah, how long has it been since I have had human blood! It must be quite the delicacy!” <br/>
He spread his arms wide, and in the moment it warped its mouth…<br/>
The things that looked like cracks around its whole body all opened and showed they were mouths as they laughed.<br/>
(Mouths in his whole body?!) (Makoto)<br/>
That looks disgusting! <br/>
It reminds me of the Taboo Dragon I saw in Laberintos.<br/>
‘Kakakakaka’, the more than a hundred mouths in his whole body were laughing.<br/>
A whole lot of laughs overlapped and created an unharmonious chorus.<br/>
Hearing those cursed allophones, I…<br/>
(Let’s silently leave… I am at my limit.) (Makoto)<br/>
Thinking this, I pulled Prince Leonard and Janet-san strongly, but…<br/>
“Uwaaaa!!” (Leo)<br/>
Prince Leonard rushed the vampire?! <br/>
“Prince Leonard!” “Prince!” <br/>
Janet-san and I hurriedly chased him.<br/>
“[Blizzard Sword]!” (Leo)<br/>
Prince Leonard rushes the vampire with his sword magic.<br/>
“Oya, human, you are coming yourself to be my meal?” <br/>
The magic sword of Prince Leonard was stopped with 2 fingers.<br/>
I could see the sharp fangs from the vampire shining with red blood.<br/>
(This is bad! Even though Princess Sofia told me to look after him!) (Makoto)<br/>
I have to protect Prince Leonard.<br/>
Janet-san moved faster than me.<br/>
“[Thunder Lance]!” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san covered her whole body with aura and charged at blinding speed.<br/>
Fast!<br/>
He shouldn’t be able to react with this timing! <br/>
“That tingles. It resembles the technique of the Lightning Hero of 1,000 years ago. Could it be that you are a blood relative of the Hero?” <br/>
The vampire stops the spear with his other hand as he talks casually.<br/>
Oi oi, are you serious? <br/>
“Fufu, then, it is my turn now, right?” <br/>
(Makoto! Cover your ears!) (Noah)<br/>
The moment I heard Noah-sama…<br/>
I hurriedly cover my ears while having a bad feeling.<br/>
“————-!!!” <br/>
It didn’t reach my ears, but I could tell that the mouths from the whole body of the vampire let out cries.<br/>
I felt like a shock hit me at the pit of my stomach.<br/>
The birds of the forest fly away all at once.<br/>
Prince Leonard and Janet-san collapsed?! <br/>
From what I see, it is not like they have lost their mana or have died, but…<br/>
(Damn it!) (Makoto)<br/>
“Spirit-sans, Spirit-sans.” (Makoto)<br/>
Please, listen! <br/>
(Makoto, take out your dagger!) (Noah)<br/>
I obey the words of Noah-sama and take out my dagger, and clad it with Spirit mana.<br/>
*Clink clink clink…*<br/>
A sound like that of a chime resonates.<br/>
I take a stance with the dagger that has become a temporary magic sword through Spirit mana.<br/>
But the one in front of me is the Demon Lord confidant that defeated the Glacial Hero, Prince Leonard, and the little sister of the Lightning Hero, Janet-san, with no difficulty at all.<br/>
Moreover, judging from the conversation of Setekh…<br/>
(He has fought the Lightning Hero and…the Savior Abel 1,000 years ago?) (Makoto)<br/>
Cold sweat runs down my back.<br/>
My Spirit Magic can defeat a whole lot of weak monsters at the same time, but it isn’t suitable to fight 1vs1.<br/>
I have been avoiding one on ones and concentrating on surprise attacks.<br/>
What should I do…?<br/>
I put Clear Mind at the highest output, and ready myself with mana.<br/>
But the vampire didn’t do anything.<br/>
It wasn’t simply standing there.<br/>
“…That Spirit mana, the pressure from that god killer blade… Could it be…” <br/>
But the tone of the vampire until now took a turn into that of surprise.<br/>
He doesn’t have eyes, so it is hard to pick out his expressions though.<br/>
“I will introduce myself first. I am the Vampire, Setekh. An Apostle of the God of Hell, Typhon-sama, and a subordinate in the lowest seat of the great ruler, Iblis-sama.” (Setekh) <Changed Evelisse to Iblis.><br/>
The vampire Setekh lowers his head respectfully.<br/>
“…”<br/>
It troubles me in how to react.<br/>
What’s with this sudden change in attitude?<br/>
“Can I please hear the name of the God that you follow?” (Setekh)<br/>
The vampire asks.<br/>
I had an inkling of what was going on and said…<br/>
“The Goddess Noah-sama…” (Makoto)<br/>
After answering, the change of attitude in Setekh was drastic.<br/>
“Ooh! What a fortuitous meeting! The Apostle-sama that saved me several times 1,000 years ago! Aren’t you a comrade?!” (Setekh)<br/>
“…U-Uhm…” (Makoto)<br/>
What’s this?<br/>
(Makoto, play along. If you try fighting him right now, you have no chance of winning.) (Noah)<br/>
(O-Okay…) (Makoto)<br/>
“Are you an acquaintance of Noah-sama’s Apostle?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Of course! The personage who slaughtered the ones calling themselves the Heroes of the most frustrating Holy Gods 1,000 years ago, Hideo-sama! Aah, just remembering that gallant figure makes my soul tremble!” (Setekh)<br/>
My predecessor is getting high praise here.<br/>
In the eyes of the demons, he must have that image.<br/>
“How about you join us and the devilkin Archbishop in preparing for the ritual to resurrect the Demon Lord Bifrons-sama? Do you want to come with us?” (Setekh)<br/>
(Woah!) (Makoto)<br/>
A bomb! <br/>
The Demon Lord really is going to be resurrected! <br/>
“Uhm, by the way, could it be that the devilkin Archbishop’s name is Isaac-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
“That’s right! Comrade! So you really were acquainted!” (Setekh)<br/>
“Well, yeah, a bit.” (Makoto)<br/>
As enemies though…<br/>
But it really is him, huh.<br/>
“1,000 years ago, the devilkin had a weak standing, but this time around they woke me up from my long slumber, and are doing a good job.” (Setekh)<br/>
Setekh-san is telling me a lot of information happily.<br/>
This vampire has a loose mouth.<br/>
“By the way, how are you going to revive Bifrons…-sama?” (Makoto)<br/>
This is the most important part.<br/>
I have to stop it at all costs.<br/>
“Fufufu, I want to tell you, but I don’t know the details of it. You should talk about it with the Archbishop Isaac-dono.” (Setekh)<br/>
“I-I see…” (Makoto)<br/>
Kuh, the important information has been properly kept a secret.<br/>
“By the way, it is okay for me to bring back those two collapsed there, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
I point at Prince Leonard and Janet-san.<br/>
I could tell the two of them were still breathing.<br/>
It doesn’t look like they are heavily injured…with a cursory glance, that is.<br/>
“Fumu, I can smell the annoying divine protection of the Holy Gods from these two, but…oh? I feel the divine protection of the Holy Gods from your dagger too. What is the meaning of this?” (Setekh)<br/>
Geh, am I being suspected?<br/>
“Everything is the guidance of Noah-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
For now, I will push the blame to Noah-sama.<br/>
(Hey, Makoto!) (Noah)<br/>
“I see, I see! She must have a profound plan!” (Setekh)<br/>
He accepted that.<br/>
He is a decently honest vampire.<br/>
If possible, I want to ask him a variety of things, but talking with him for too long carries danger.<br/>
I should finish this before it gets dangerous.<br/>
“One last thing… When will the Demon Lord-sama revive?” (Makoto)<br/>
“If I remember correctly, the next full moon will be when the revival ritual will be performed, according to the Archbishop-dono.” (Setekh)<br/>
Full moon…that would be in 4-5 days.<br/>
If we were to have that meeting 1 week later as it was planned, the Demon Lord would have already been resurrected.<br/>
That was close.<br/>
“Well then, I will continue hunting to regain my strength. May the Old Gods protect you.” (Setekh)<br/>
“Yeah…Thank you for telling me so much.” (Makoto)<br/>
Setekh turns into mist and disappears.<br/>
(…You saved me there, Noah-sama. Thanks for your advice.) (Makoto)<br/>
(That was dangerous.) (Noah)<br/>
Encountering a confidant of a Demon Lord out of nowhere. Please spare me from that.<br/>
Ah, right! <br/>
This isn’t the time to be relieved! <br/>
“Prince Leonard! Janet-san!” (Makoto)<br/>
I run to where the two are and shake them.<br/>
I sprinkle a healing potion on them. Though I don’t know if that will have any effect.<br/>
“Uuh…Makoto-niisan?” (Leo)<br/>
“I am alive…?” (Janet)<br/>
The two get up.<br/>
That’s a relief. They are okay.<br/>
“?! Where is the demon of before?! Could it be that you defeated it?!” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san grabs me.<br/>
I have already checked that Setekh is completely gone. <br/>
“It was an opponent out of my league. I somehow managed to have him leave.” (Makoto)<br/>
There’s no way I would be able to explain to them that he was buddy buddy with the previous Apostle.<br/>
I just said some random stuff like ‘it was the divine protection of Eir-sama’.<br/>
Well, that’s not the important information.<br/>
When I explained to the two of them about the most important part, the resurrection of the Demon Lord, their complexions changed.<br/>
“That Demon was…the confidant of the Demon Lord Bifrons, Setekh…?” (Janet)<br/>
“On the next full moon, the Demon Lord will revive…? N-No way…” (Leo)<br/>
Yeah, there’s so much going on it really hits hard, right?<br/>
“Why are you so calm, Takatsuki Makoto?” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san looks at me as if looking at a strange living being.<br/>
“I am not calm. I was super nervous all the time till the vampire left.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…It doesn’t look like that at all.” (Janet)<br/>
She sighs.<br/>
“Let’s return to the elf village first! We need to tell the whole Wood Country about this.” (Leo)<br/>
“Yes, Prince Leonard. Not only the Wood Country, we also have to relay this information to the other countries at once. If possible, I would like to request the help of Onii-sama…or other Heroes. Will we be able to make it in the remaining 4 days?” (Janet)<br/>
“We have to hurry then.” (Makoto)<br/>
The two nod at my words.<br/>
After that, we return to the Kanan Village without taking any breaks.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
After returning to the village.<br/>
We had a healer check Prince Leonard and Janet-san, but there weren’t any abnormalities in their bodies.<br/>
The second urgent conference in a row was being held right now.<br/>
“That’s right! Please gather all the people in the villages who can fight! The Hero obviously, and the representative fighters of each village!” (Wolt)<br/>
I could hear the grandfather of Lucy.<br/>
The Wood Country has formed an urgent alliance and have been called.<br/>
The battle will be in 3 days.<br/>
The day before the Demon Lord revival.<br/>
How many will be gathering?<br/>
Janet-san is also using transmission magic to contact Highland.<br/>
It seems she is trying to make it so that the Heroes close by can come assist us.<br/>
“Makoto…you met an executive of the Demon Lord? Were you okay?” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy asks me worriedly. <br/>
“I will tell you in detail later. I had no problems.” (Makoto)<br/>
Sa-san and Furiae-san were also worried.<br/>
(The difficult part will be from here on…) (Makoto)<br/>
The revival of the Demon Lord.<br/>
There’s no doubt it will affect the neighboring country of Rozes.<br/>
This must be what the oracle of Eir-sama meant. <br/>
And so, we were preparing for the decisive battle 3 days from now.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“It is frustrating…to have nothing to do but wait.” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san is swinging her spear.<br/>
Looks like her being unable to lift a finger against the Demon Lord confidant did a number on her.<br/>
“I couldn’t do anything… Because I am so lacking…I put everyone in danger.” (Janet)<br/>
“A Demon Lord confidant suddenly appeared. It is normal to be surprised.” (Makoto)<br/>
Or more like, that’s cheating.<br/>
“By the way, Makoto-niisan, why are you wearing those tattered clothes?” (Leo)<br/>
Prince Leonard asks me.<br/>
It is true that the clothes I am wearing right now are not the usual travelling clothes, but clothes like those of an undead.<br/>
“Hey, Takatsuki-kun, preparations are ready.” (Aya)<br/>
“Oh, Sa-san. Got it. Then, let’s depart.” (Makoto)<br/>
Sa-san with the same tattered clothes appeared.<br/>
“Where are you going, Takatsuki Makoto?” (Janet)<br/>
“Makoto-niisan, going to the Great Forest is dangerous.” (Leo)<br/>
Prince Leonard and even Janet-san were interested in what’s happening here, she stopped swinging her spear.<br/>
“Sa-san and I can use the transformation skill, so we will transform into undead and explore the Demonic Forest.” (Makoto)<br/>
““Huh?””<br/>
In my eyes, I am doing the basics of RPGs, which is the information gathering playstyle, but the two opened their mouths wide in surprise.<br/>
 