[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c134](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/08/17/wm-chapter-134-takatsuki-makoto-explores-the-demonic-forest/)
<br/><br/>
Demonic Forest.<br/>
A huge dungeon that is almost at the very center of the Great Forest.<br/>
It has giant magic trees and is covered in thick mist, and even though it is broad daylight, light barely reaches.<br/>
Once it is night, it is complete darkness.<br/>
I could hear creepy voices and sounds here and there.<br/>
Sa-san and I use [Stealth] to move forward in this place. <br/>
We have transformed into zombies with the transformation skill. <br/>
It bothers me a little bit that Sa-san is a zombie, yet is wearing a ribbon and has slightly ‘cute eyes’. <br/>
The Demonic Forest dungeon has a recommended rank of silver or higher.<br/>
However, a normal adventurer would not come even if they were to become silver rank.<br/>
(Takatsuki-kun! Is that a Zombie Dragon?) (Aya)<br/>
(Yeah. It is…sleeping? Let’s take a detour.) (Makoto)<br/>
A giant dragon made of only bones is lying down.<br/>
Even though it shouldn’t be breathing, its body is slowly going up and down. Maybe that’s a trait of when it was alive?<br/>
A Dragon Zombie is a Calamity Designation monster.<br/>
Even if silver rank adventurers were to join forces, they wouldn’t be a match.<br/>
We made a big detour and went deeper inside.<br/>
(Wow, there’s a lot of skeletons.) (Makoto)<br/>
(That’s…skeletons are having a sword fight?) (Makoto)<br/>
A group of around 10 skeletons were fighting with rusted swords or spears, making ringing sounds.<br/>
It doesn’t look like they are having a dispute here, but more like they are relatives playing.<br/>
By the way, an iron rank adventurer would be plenty enough against these guys.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun! That big…chicken(?) that seems to be drinking water at that swamp…is a bit cute.” (Aya)<br/>
“Sa-san…that’s a cockatrice. That water there is poisonous swamp water, so don’t get close, okay?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh? That’s a poisonous swamp?!” (Aya)<br/>
The giant chicken monster -the cockatrice that has a snake as a tail is going ‘kokokokoke!’ as it bathed in the poisonous swamp.<br/>
From afar, it looks cute, but if you get hit by its breath, you are turned into stone. <br/>
A super dangerous monster.<br/>
Of course, it is Calamity Designation.<br/>
(The strength of the monsters showing up is way too scattered…) (Makoto)<br/>
This Demonic Forest is the most unpopular dungeon in the West Continent. <br/>
The amount of missing adventurers is the highest by a large number.<br/>
The reason for there being a high amount of missing people is because there’s a lot who go from: Great Forest → Forest of the Lost → Demonic Forest; without noticing.<br/>
By the way, the adventurers that die can have a class change to undead thanks to the miasma of the Demon Lord’s grave! Ain’t that great?! <br/>
…There’s talks about the recommended rank being increased to Gold.<br/>
(If the Demon Lord revives, that won’t be enough though…) (Makoto)<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, Takatsuki-kun, there’s a whole lot of zombies over there!” (Aya)<br/>
“Basking in the sun…no way that’s the case, huh. It is night after all. Are they basking in the moonlight?” (Makoto)<br/>
More than 50 zombies were standing there spaced out or lying down.<br/>
They are only letting out ‘wuuh wuuh’ noises.<br/>
But there might be some who are actually communicating like that.<br/>
Anyways, this is the first time I have come into the Demonic Forest, but…<br/>
(It is more peaceful than I thought.) (Makoto)<br/>
There’s a lot of monsters. <br/>
No doubt about that.<br/>
We are encountering monsters more frequently than even the Mid Floor of Laberintos.<br/>
It is just that, as long as you use Stealth, they can barely notice you.<br/>
There’s no fighting between monsters like in Laberintos.<br/>
This might be because there’s no need to fight for food when they are undead.<br/>
I could see forest wolves and forest bears every now and then, but the deeper we go, the more undead there are.<br/>
Is that how the habitat is divided?<br/>
We head to the center of the Demonic Forest where the Demon Lord’s grave is said to be in.<br/>
{Takatsuki-kun, there’s a lot of strong monsters over there.} (Aya)<br/>
My [Detection] is also reacting at the place Sa-san is pointing at.<br/>
There’s quite the strong monster pack.<br/>
{Sa-san, keep the Stealth up.} (Makoto)<br/>
{Yeah, got it, Takatsuki-kun.} (Aya)<br/>
We make our breaths shallow, and slowly proceed towards the location where the Detection rings louder.<br/>
There was a nice thicket there to hide in, so we peeked deeper in while inside it.<br/>
It was a slightly open space like a plaza.<br/>
Because of that, we had a wider field of vision with the moonlight.<br/>
What was there was…<br/>
An army of several thousands of monsters.<br/>
A giant two-headed lion monster.<br/>
A dog monster with three heads.<br/>
A black griffon.<br/>
A northern man-eating giant that’s known for its ferocity.<br/>
That’s what I could tell with a cursory glance.<br/>
There were also a whole lot of other monsters I have never seen before.<br/>
Also, what’s strange is that all the monsters were armed.<br/>
Even at the Great Forest and Laberintos, I haven’t seen an armed monster.<br/>
The giant had a massive sword fitting its size.<br/>
The four legged monsters have helmets and armor.<br/>
(Monsters of the Northern Continent…the Demonic Continent?) (Makoto)<br/>
I am somehow able to infer that these guys are 1,000 year monsters. <br/>
The strength of the mana I can feel, their body size, the powerful presence they give off that speaks of their lengthy experiences in life.<br/>
(If these guys were to attack the Kanan Village of Lucy…) (Makoto)<br/>
I end up imagining something terrible.<br/>
Unlike Makkaren, the elf village doesn’t have decent ramparts, so it would be at their mercy.<br/>
Furiae-san and Prince Leonard who are in the village as well…<br/>
(What should I do? Would it be better to return and have everyone escape? But Lucy has her family. She probably is going to stay in the village, and fight to protect it.) (Makoto)<br/>
At that moment, my hand was held tightly.<br/>
“Sa-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, don’t shoulder this alone.” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san smiles.<br/>
“Was I making a weird face?” (Makoto)<br/>
“A really grim expression.” (Aya)<br/>
I see. I was making that kind of face, huh.<br/>
“Good boy, good boy. Takatsuki-kun is a hard worker.” (Aya)<br/>
She petted my head.<br/>
“…” <br/>
It is ticklish.<br/>
In my middle school days, Sa-san, who was smaller than me but had been born 1 month earlier  and had a lot of siblings, treated me like a little brother.<br/>
At first I thought: ‘What’s with her? Acting as if she is above me’, but not having siblings, and having no memories of my parents pampering me, Sa-san acting like a big sister was fun.<br/>
Sa-san ruffles my hair like in the past.<br/>
My heart slowly calmed down.<br/>
“Sa-san, let’s return to the village.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah, let’s return and think with everyone.” (Aya)<br/>
There’s no point in worrying here.<br/>
I don’t know the objective of this army of monsters, but I don’t think they are unrelated to the revival of the Demon Lord.<br/>
Also, if I want to stop the revival, they will definitely become a wall.<br/>
Let’s go back first and tell the Wood Country.<br/>
The moment I thought this and was about to return…<br/>
“What are you bastards doing?” <br/>
A voice poured at us from above.<br/>
““?!””<br/>
Sa-san and I look up at the same time.<br/>
What was there was a giant shadow.<br/>
(S-Since when?!) (Makoto)<br/>
There’s no doubt it wasn’t there just a moment ago.<br/>
It moved in an instant?<br/>
With this giant body? Not making a single sound?<br/>
If I had to describe it in words, it would be a giant pitch black centaur. <br/>
The horse legs were as thick as an elephant’s, and he had 8 of them.<br/>
However, his hoofs were not touching the ground. He was standing on the air. <br/>
Does he gallop in the air?<br/>
Is that why it didn’t make a sound?<br/>
“You can’t talk? You lowly beings?” <br/>
He asks again in a stronger tone.<br/>
(This is bad. It might be a High Demon.) (Makoto)<br/>
This is what Prince Leonard taught me.<br/>
Monsters that can have a conversation are demons. <br/>
The demons that don’t suddenly attack you apparently have a good chance of being high demons. <br/>
High Demons hold high pride in their name, and look down on people who begin battles without introducing themselves.<br/>
“We are undead who live in the Demonic Forest.” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san answers.<br/>
“So your mouth works. Then, I ask you: who are you bastards affiliated with?” <br/>
“…”<br/>
Sa-san falls silent.<br/>
I should answer this one.<br/>
“Setekh-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
The name of the only demon I know of here.<br/>
He is the confidant of a legendary Demon Lord, so there’s no way he doesn’t know of him.<br/>
But his reaction wasn’t favorable.<br/>
He simply frowned.<br/>
“…That guy that doesn’t know how to kick the bucket, huh. That disgrace for us demons who was defeated by a mere human hero 1,000 years ago.” <br/>
“…”<br/>
Eeeh.<br/>
Setekh-san, you seem to have a bad reputation.<br/>
“Are you displeased by the fact that your master is being bad-mouthed? But we need him to bring out the power of the Great Lord Iblis, since he was a weak being that was a low rank demon in the past. Who knows if he will be of use in the coming war.” <br/>
He is saying quite the things there.<br/>
But Setekh-san was originally weak then.<br/>
An executive that worked its way up, huh.<br/>
“Uhm, is it okay to ask for your name?” (Makoto)<br/>
I feel like the demon in front of me is a famous one.<br/>
An elite among demons.<br/>
“I am the immediate follower of Zagan-sama. One of the Ten Claws, Jinbara.” <br/>
Another top brass of a Demon Lord!<br/>
We are meeting a lot of them lately!<br/>
For now, I kneeled together with Sa-san.<br/>
“Regardless of our lack of knowledge, we were rude to you, Jinbara-sama. You must have come all the way here on this occasion for the sake of the revival of the Demon Lord Bifrons-sama, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
I keep it low for now.<br/>
Let’s try getting something out of him while at it.<br/>
“Under the orders of My Lord, Zagan-sama, I had no choice but to do so. Human Heroes will be obstructing the revival of the Immortal King. We are simply going to be bringing those flies down. A devilkin youngster is performing the resurrection ritual for the Immortal King deep down here. Stop going any deeper than this.” (Jinbara)<br/>
“Yes, understood!” (Makoto)<br/>
Woah, he told us a lot.<br/>
So the Demon Lord’s grave is deeper in here, huh.<br/>
By youngster, he must be talking about Archbishop Isaac -most likely.<br/>
He even brought back Setekh. He is one busy guy.<br/>
“I will be careful.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Sorry for the intrusion.” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san and I thanked the executive of Zagan, Jinbara, and went back.<br/>
We felt his gaze for a while, but he suddenly disappeared.<br/>
(Teleport?) (Makoto)<br/>
Is that why we didn’t notice him?<br/>
He looked like the warrior type, but he can use magic. He might be a magic warrior. <br/>
We take a good distance from the monster army, and Sa-san and I heave a big sigh.<br/>
“That was scary, wasn’t it, Takatsuki-kun?” (Aya)<br/>
“Yeah, it isn’t something we two can do on our own.” (Makoto)<br/>
When it goes all the way up to the Demon Lord upper echelons, Stealth might not be as effective. <br/>
Relying too much on Skills is not good.<br/>
I was blessed with the misfortune of meeting two Demon Lord Executives 2 days in a row, and somehow managed to survive.<br/>
(We shouldn’t be so reckless.) (Makoto)<br/>
I was about to put Sa-san in danger there too.<br/>
Let’s wait until the Wood Country gathers their forces.<br/>
We successfully returned to the elf village where Lucy and the others were waiting while thinking this.<br/>
What welcomed us when we returned was…<br/>
A Kanan Village covered in flames.<br/>
Previous Chapter l Next Chapter<br/>
 