[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c136](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/08/20/wm-chapter-136-takatsuki-makoto-talks-to-the-crimson-witch/)
<br/><br/>
The threat in the Kanan Village has left.<br/>
The Demon Lord Confidant, Shuri, and the army of 5,000 undead. <br/>
The mother of Lucy, Rosalie J Walker defeated them all on her own.<br/>
The most powerful fighting force in the Wood Country, the Crimson Witch.<br/>
(Isn’t she way too strong?) (Makoto)<br/>
The legendary hero that defeated a Demon Lord with only two people. <br/>
In other words…doesn’t that mean that as long as we have the mother of Lucy, we could somehow manage against the Great Demon Lord? <br/>
“As expected of me!” (Rosalie)<br/>
The Crimson Witch praises herself as she comes to where we are.<br/>
Her way of speaking is similar to that of Lucy.<br/>
That’s mother and daughter.<br/>
“You idioooot!” <br/>
*Pong!*<br/>
A loud sound was made when the Village Chief smacked the head of Rosalie-san.<br/>
“Ouch! What are you doing, Father?!” (Rosalie)<br/>
Rosalie-san holds her head and protests.<br/>
“I thought you died! Worrying me there!” (Wolt)<br/>
“That’s right, Mother!” <br/>
Aah, right. When she was stabbed, it really shocked me.<br/>
It most likely wasn’t even comparable to what her family felt at that moment.<br/>
“There’s no way I would die with just that.” (Rosalie)<br/>
Rosalie-san laughs heartily.<br/>
The Chief-san and the sisters of Lucy were holding their heads.<br/>
Anyways, even though the Chief is a pretty old man, isn’t the appearance of Rosalie-san a bit too young?<br/>
Would someone be able to tell that they are father and daughter?<br/>
I honestly can only see Rosalie-san as the sister of Lucy.<br/>
“Hey, Lucy.” (Makoto)<br/>
I talk to her in a low voice.<br/>
“What?” (Lucy)<br/>
“How old is your mother, Lucy?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I am also interested in that!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san jumps into the conversation.<br/>
“Aah…yeah. Uhm, Mama is using a sacred treasure that rejuvenates her which she found in her adventures, so her looks don’t reflect her age. She is past 200 years old. Makoto, you must not be fooled by the fake youthfulness of Mama, okay?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Heeh, 200, huh.” (Makoto)<br/>
“She doesn’t look like that at all.” (Aya)<br/>
Well, I haven’t met a 200 year old person though.<br/>
How would they normally look?<br/>
Would it be 40-50 years in human age?<br/>
More than 200 years, then.<br/>
It loses to the Great Sage-sama (1,000 years old), but she is quite old.<br/>
The moment I was thinking that…<br/>
““?!”” <br/>
The alarm of Detection began to rang.<br/>
Sa-san and I quiver and look at our side.<br/>
“Ouch ouch ouch! Mama, stop! I said nothing!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Luuucyyyy\~\~? I have told you the whole time that my age is a secret for everyone aside from our family, right?” (Rosalie)<br/>
Lucy was getting a knuckle sandwich from Rosalie-san.<br/>
She used Teleport?<br/>
Also, that looks painful.<br/>
“Makoto is basically family!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Oh my, is that so?” (Rosalie)<br/>
Rosalie-san lets her go.<br/>
She placed a hand on her chin and observed Lucy and I.<br/>
Then, she placed a hand on Lucy’s stomach.<br/>
“How many months?” (Rosalie)<br/>
“Why?!” (Lucy)<br/>
Why does Lucy’s family always jump to that conclusion?<br/>
“Eeh, you are family, right? Didn’t you come back home because you have a child?” (Rosalie)<br/>
“I don’t have one!” (Lucy)<br/>
“That’s right. Lucy is a straightlaced girl, so she came here to report that she will be marrying.” <br/>
The sisters assist Lucy.<br/>
“She will be making children from here on, right?” <br/>
“Yeah yeah, they will be having one real soon.” <br/>
They were not assisting at all.<br/>
It won’t just pop out immediately.<br/>
“In the first place, Makoto and I aren’t in that kind of relationship!” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy shouts.<br/>
“““Eh?”””<br/>
The Chief, Rosalie-san, and the sisters of Lucy were all looking at me as if saying they can’t believe it.<br/>
“Hey, you, you haven’t done anything to Lucy?” <br/>
“Eeh? What do you find lacking with my daughter?! She looks like me and is cute, right?!” (Rosalie)<br/>
“You are a stalwart man!” (Wolt)<br/>
The women in Lucy’s family are way too forward in having children.<br/>
And my friendship meter with the Village Chief-san has increased.<br/>
What’s with this?<br/>
“Hey, Takatsuki-kun, I am tired. Can I go rest now?” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san pokes my shoulder from behind and whispers in my ear.<br/>
“Ah, Sa-san, sorry. We were exploring the whole night after all. You can rest in the room. I still have things to do.” (Makoto)<br/>
I am honestly sleepy too, but I have to report to the Village Chief about the subordinate of the Beast King.<br/>
I was thinking that, but Sa-san said something weird.<br/>
“Eeh, I want to sleep together with you, Takatsuki-kun.” (Aya)<br/>
“Sa-san?!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Aya?!” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy and I raise our voices, and Rosalie-san and her sisters shine.<br/>
“Hey hey, what’s your relationship with Lucy’s boyfriend? Love triangle?” <br/>
“The fact that you are sleeping together must obviously mean that…you are in that kind of relationship, right?” <br/>
Oi oi, sister and mother…<br/>
Sa-san and I are not really in that kind of relationship…<br/>
“A body relationship\~☆.” (Aya)<br/>
“Hey, Sa-san?!” (Makoto)<br/>
‘Oh my’, the women grin.<br/>
“You playboy!”, the friendship meter of the Chief-san lowered.<br/>
“A-A-A-Aya, wait! When?! Didn’t we promise that our first time will be with the three of us together?!” (Lucy)<br/>
For some reason, Lucy took it seriously, and closed in on Sa-san.<br/>
The three of us together, she said. This is not a marathon here…<br/>
Or more like, I didn’t know of that promise.<br/>
Eh? That was the plan?<br/>
Where’s my opinion?<br/>
“Fufu, then, Takatsuki-kun! I will be waiting for you in bed!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san disappears into the guest room after stirring up the place.<br/>
“Wait, Aya!” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy chases after her.<br/>
(Eh? You are leaving me here?) (Makoto)<br/>
The gazes of everyone gather on me.<br/>
In the end, I alone report the results of our exploration in the Demonic Forest.<br/>
There were a whole lot of retorts. It was rough! <br/>
After that, I returned to the guest room, and dropped instantly into a deep sleep.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
It was about noon that I woke up.<br/>
Of course, Sa-san and Lucy were not sleeping by my side.<br/>
We are in different rooms.<br/>
When I went outside, the area was noisy.<br/>
“Did something happen?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Makoto-niisan, you are up now.” (Leo)<br/>
“Takatsuki Makoto, there’s a guest.” (Janet)<br/>
When I look at the direction Janet-san points at, the people of the village were all surrounding a giant demi-human.<br/>
“The Wood Country’s Hero-sama.” <br/>
“Ooh, so gallant.” <br/>
“There’s no need to fear the Demon Lord army anymore.”<br/>
I heard those voices.<br/>
“The Wind Tree Hero, Maximilian Ragavullin, has arrived.” <br/>
“Ooh! To think that you would come such a long way to this small village, I am truly glad.” (Wolt)<br/>
The Chief welcomed the Hero.<br/>
The Wind Tree Hero Maximilian-san is a demi-human.<br/>
He is apparently a dragonborn.<br/>
He is probably more than 2 meters tall.<br/>
He has a robust body that looks like that of a rugby player, and shoulders a greatsword as big as him.<br/>
Also, his skin is slightly covered by what seem to be scales.<br/>
So this is a dragonborn…<br/>
(He looks crazy strong…) (Makoto)<br/>
By the way, he is the 4th in the ranking of West Continent Heroes.<br/>
It seems he was regrettably defeated by Geralt-san in the tournament. <br/>
Dragonborns are apparently weak to lightning.<br/>
But there’s something that bothered me.<br/>
“Hey, Lucy, the Kanan Village is considered a small village in the Wood Country?” (Makoto)<br/>
“That’s right. Is something the matter with that?” (Lucy)<br/>
I ask Lucy in a low voice.<br/>
Lucy told me the scale of this village before.<br/>
The Kanan Village doesn’t reach 1,000 people.<br/>
A big village apparently has several thousands of people. <br/>
“Why is the Hero and Oracle gathering in this village?” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san follows my question.<br/>
“Aah, that’s…” (Lucy)<br/>
“Ooh! You are the Rozes Hero-donos?!” (Max)<br/>
The Wind Tree Hero, Max-san, comes to where Prince Leonard and I are with a smile.<br/>
“It has been a while, Wind Tree Hero, Maximilian-dono.” (Leo)<br/>
“It has indeed been a while, Glacial Hero, Prince Leonard. Also, nice to meet you Rozes’s new Hero, Makoto-dono. I am the Wind Tree Hero, Maximilian.” (Max)<br/>
“N-Nice to meet you, I am Takatsuki Makoto.” (Makoto)<br/>
It looks like the Wind Tree Hero-san came here to meet the Water Country Heroes.<br/>
He asked for a handshake.<br/>
He is seriously big up-close! <br/>
Ooh, what a presence…<br/>
My cowardly personality slightly showed.<br/>
“Makoto, be more imposing.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, you are both Heroes\~.” (Aya)<br/>
“I am not good with strangers…” (Makoto)<br/>
I find it hard to talk.<br/>
“Lucy, it has been a while. I’ll have to greet Rosalie-sama later too.” (Max)<br/>
“It has been a while, Senpai!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Lu-chan, you know him?” (Aya)<br/>
“He was my senior at school.” (Lucy)<br/>
She did say that.<br/>
The Wind Tree Hero-san looks scary, but once I spoke to him, he was a regular good guy.<br/>
He is diligent, and in order to fulfill his duty as a Hero, he would always go to the sacred precincts of the forest to train.<br/>
He also seems to patrol the villages.<br/>
Lucy and him were senior and junior at school.<br/>
By the way, he was the school president.<br/>
…There’s student councils even in isekais, huh.<br/>
We were having that kind of casual talk.<br/>
That night, there was a party to welcome the Wind Tree Hero.<br/>
But well, since we are about to have a battle to stop the revival of the Demon Lord, we are showing restraint.<br/>
We didn’t make too much noise, and the talks naturally flowed into what to do at the battle the day after tomorrow.<br/>
Because the Demon Lord side will notice if the Wood Country warriors were to gather at one point, only on the day of the battle will they come together, and they will be heading to the Demon Lord’s grave at once at that moment.<br/>
I am feeling uneasy wondering if they can actually show any form of coordination like that.<br/>
But the Wood Country has been doing it like this until now.<br/>
There’s no powerful ruler, and it is a gathering of small settlements.<br/>
The Wood Oracle, the Wind Tree Hero, the Chief, Prince Leonard, and Janet-san were talking.<br/>
I was listening to their talk at first, but it seemed like they were talking about politics and it made me sleepy, so I left.<br/>
If we can safely stop the revival of the Demon Lord, let’s strengthen the alliance of the Wood Country and the Water Country; that’s the kind of talk they were having.<br/>
Janet-san was saying that the Sun Country will be joining on that occasion.<br/>
She is part of one of the Five Sacred Nobles of Highland, so there might be some sort of circumstance to it.<br/>
It is complicated talk for a commoner Hero like me.<br/>
I wanted to get some night wind, so I went outside.<br/>
The air was clear, and the sky had a moon that was almost round.<br/>
(Was it called…waxing gibbous?) (Makoto)<br/>
I should ask Sa-san later.<br/>
“Spirit-sans, Spirit-sans.” (Makoto)<br/>
With the battle the day after tomorrow in mind, I try calling the Spirits of the Great Forest.<br/>
The amount of Water Spirits is…somewhat low.<br/>
(Will it be okay…? The opponents this time around sound strong.) (Makoto)<br/>
An immediate follower of the Beast King, Jinbara. <br/>
The Demon Lord Confidant, Setekh.<br/>
And the Demon Lord that’s reviving, the Immortal King, Bifrons.<br/>
Honestly speaking, I think it would be better to leave this to Lucy’s mother. <br/>
As an ambassador of the Water Country and a Hero, I can’t be doing that though.<br/>
While I was training amidst my difficulty concentrating, someone suddenly called me.<br/>
“Oh my, Lucy’s boyfriend-san. Training your Spirit Magic?” <br/>
“! Good evening.” (Makoto)<br/>
Rosalie-san suddenly appeared.<br/>
She is like a ghost.<br/>
Her glossy blonde hair was shining under the light of the moon.<br/>
She smiled bewitchingly like that night while sliding closer to me.<br/>
“Heeh, you are liked by the Water Spirits.” (Rosalie)<br/>
“Right, you can see Spirits too.” (Makoto)<br/>
The hand of Lucy’s mother touches my cheek.<br/>
Her temperature isn’t high like Lucy’s, and she has a normal beautiful hand.<br/>
It made my heart beat a bit faster.<br/>
“Children who use Spirit Magic even within the elves have reduced lately, and it is boring.” (Rosalie)<br/>
“There’s no humans who use it now.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Fufu, now that you mention it, yeah. The Goddess Church doesn’t acknowledge Spirit Magic after all.” (Rosalie)<br/>
Saying this, she snapped her fingers and fireworks shot up.<br/>
“What was that just now?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Didn’t you say you could see Fire Spirits?” (Rosalie)<br/>
“I am specialized in Water Spirits…” (Makoto)<br/>
“…You are a weird one. They are the weakest Spirits.” (Rosalie)<br/>
That’s the only ones I can see.<br/>
I can see Fire Spirits when kissing your daughter though.<br/>
I can’t say that.<br/>
“The day after tomorrow will be a full moon.” (Rosalie)<br/>
“Yeah, the day when the Demon Lord is planned to be revived.” (Makoto)<br/>
Honestly speaking, it was outside our expectations.<br/>
I thought a Demon Lord event would come much later.<br/>
Rosalie doesn’t seem to be worked up at all.<br/>
Does she not get nervous?<br/>
“The High Demon, Shuri, was a disappointment. I hope this Beast King subordinate and that one other confidant Setekh pose more of a challenge.” (Rosalie)<br/>
“…”<br/>
She is a battle junkie.<br/>
Of course she wouldn’t be nervous.<br/>
“But the Immortal King’s confidant, Setekh, holds the legendary Petrification Eyes. I am surprised you could come out of that okay.” (Rosalie)<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hm? You didn’t know?” (Rosalie)<br/>
I didn’t…<br/>
Petrification Eyes are said to be one of the highest ranked magic eyes.<br/>
Setekh-san had such dangerous eyes?<br/>
But…<br/>
“Setekh had no eyes.” (Makoto)<br/>
His eye sockets were hollow.<br/>
“I see. The Petrification Eyes haven’t returned yet, huh… That’s boring.” (Rosalie)<br/>
“He did say that he was in the middle of regaining his strength.” (Makoto)<br/>
The forest wolves were a sacrifice to that.<br/>
“Then, I am looking forward to it.” (Rosalie)<br/>
The Crimson Witch smiles boldly. <br/>
So reliable.<br/>
(If Setekh-san has eyes, I will run away at full speed.) (Makoto)<br/>
I pledged in my heart.<br/>
“By the way, I heard you are an otherworlder.” (Rosalie)<br/>
The topic changed.<br/>
“That’s right.” (Makoto)<br/>
Rosalie-san speaks to me with great interest with a face resembling Lucy’s a lot.<br/>
“Was there a moon in your world?” (Rosalie)<br/>
“Of course.” (Makoto)<br/>
What is she asking all of a sudden?<br/>
“So it does. By the way, do you know about this story?” (Rosalie)<br/>
She gave me a suggestive gaze, and then continued talking.<br/>
“There’s a whole lot of parallel worlds, but there’s only one moon.” (Rosalie)<br/>
“Heeh…” (Makoto)<br/>
Then, does that mean the moon of this world is the same as the one of my world?<br/>
That’s a pretty romantic thought.<br/>
(Well…that’s impossible.) (Makoto)<br/>
People have reached the moon in my world after all.<br/>
“Ah, you don’t believe it, right? It is true. When I go to other worlds, I am always passing by the moon after all.” (Rosalie)<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
Going to other worlds?<br/>
“You have gone to parallel worlds?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Of course. Lucy’s father is a noble of Hell after all.” (Rosalie)<br/>
How can this be? <br/>
Lucy was half otherworlder?<br/>
Doesn’t she have way too many character traits?<br/>
“Then, you can also go to the world we were in?” (Makoto)<br/>
“If it is just going, that is. But your world doesn’t have mana, right?” (Rosalie)<br/>
“It is a world where we can’t use magic.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Then, I could go, but I wouldn’t be able to return. That would trouble me, so I won’t go. But if you try hard, you can return…probably.” (Rosalie)<br/>
(S-Seriously…?!) (Makoto)<br/>
A shocking truth.<br/>
“Makoto! You are returning to your original world?” <br/>
“Takatsuki-kun! Is that true?!” <br/>
Lucy and Sa-san show up.<br/>
They were listening?<br/>
I won’t be returning to my previous world.<br/>
“Oh, your girlfriends have come. Well then, I guess it is time for the young ones to enjoy themselves.” (Rosalie)<br/>
“W-Wait!” (Makoto)<br/>
She disappeared with Teleport.<br/>
Aah, she is gone.<br/>
I wanted her to tell me more about Spirit Armor and Spirit Summoning though. <br/>
I will find her later and have her tell me.<br/>
“Hey hey, Makoto, what were you talking with Mama about?” (Lucy)<br/>
“You must not seduce Lu-chan’s mother, okay?” (Aya)<br/>
“I won’t!” (Makoto)<br/>
Do you think of me as a playboy?! <br/>
I talked with Lucy and Sa-san for a while, and then the two said they were sleepy and returned to their rooms.<br/>
I wanted to train in Spirit Magic for a while more, so I remained there.<br/>
I watch the moon.<br/>
(Pass by the moon and go to other worlds, huh…) (Makoto)<br/>
I heard an interesting story.<br/>
Looks like the moon is special in this world.<br/>
Moon Magic is hated, so I wasn’t taught that in the temple though.<br/>
Next time, I will try asking my party since we have the Moon Oracle.<br/>
I was training for a while and…a small shadow jumped near my feet.<br/>
“Naa Naa.” <br/>
“Hm? Tsui?” (Makoto)<br/>
My familiar(?) black cat draws close to my feet.<br/>
I remember Tsui got a big fish and was munching on it at the party though.<br/>
That Tsui is here must mean…<br/>
“My Knight, what are you doing?” <br/>
A peerless beauty whose visage suits the moonlight.<br/>
Furiae-san was standing there.<br/>
“I am in the middle of Spirit Magic training, Princess.” (Makoto)<br/>
I answer while still facing back.<br/>
“You are my Guardian Knight, right? Protect me a bit more.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
She told me that Lucy’s brothers were trying to flirt with her and it was a pain.<br/>
Furiae-san is a beauty after all! <br/>
It is natural! <br/>
“You…” (Furiae)<br/>
“Ah, yes. I will protect you next time.” (Makoto)<br/>
She got angry.<br/>
While we were having that casual talk…<br/>
A chill ran down my back.<br/>
A strong headache and the alarm of Detection rang…<br/>
A dark shadow attacked us.<br/>
 