[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c141](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/08/28/wm-chapter-141-the-decisive-battle-in-the-demonic-forest-2/)
<br/><br/>
“E-Eh…?” (Makoto)<br/>
The one I was pulling by the hand was a blonde hair golden armor female knight. <br/>
The captain of the pegasus knight division, Janet-san.<br/>
The moment I noticed this, the blood drained from my face.<br/>
(What about Lucy?!) (Makoto)<br/>
Calm down.<br/>
I push Clear Mind to max.<br/>
Lucy is from the Wood Country. <br/>
She knows the Great Forest and the Forest of the Lost.<br/>
She also knows the dangers of the Demonic Forest and how to hide herself. <br/>
Also, there were a lot of Lucy’s siblings there.<br/>
If they act together, they should be able to run away.<br/>
(The other worry is Sa-san and Prince Leonard.) (Makoto)<br/>
Sa-san has the history of being able to survive in Laberintos, and has powerful Skills.<br/>
I have left Prince Leonard to Sa-san.<br/>
They should all be okay…most likely.<br/>
Alright, I have arranged my thoughts.<br/>
My head has cooled down a bit now.<br/>
“Rozes Hero, Makoto, now that it has come to this, we have no choice. Let’s return for no—” (Janet)<br/>
“Let’s head to the Demon Lord’s grave.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…What are you saying?” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san directs eyes of doubt at me.<br/>
“Hero Makoto, there’s only us two here, you know?” (Janet)<br/>
“Maximilian-san said scatter, but he didn’t say retreat.” (Makoto)<br/>
As long as I didn’t hear wrong, that is.<br/>
That’s why they should still be in the Demonic Forest.<br/>
“But it will take several hours for reinforcements to come from the villages! What do you think we can do with only us two?!” (Janet)<br/>
She would be worried about her mother and move forward -I am sure.<br/>
She is the type that only has forward in her mind when she heats up.<br/>
“Also, Prince Leonard has a strong sense of responsibility. He wouldn’t run away on his own.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…That’s…I can kind of understand that, but won’t your ally, Sasaki Aya, propose a retreat…?” (Janet)<br/>
“No, I don’t think that would happen either.” (Makoto)<br/>
Sa-san would think ‘this is what I would do’ and match that.<br/>
We have been hanging out for several years already, so she can somewhat predict what I would do.<br/>
That’s why…if I were to turn here, we won’t be able to regroup.<br/>
“But that’s my selfishness here, so you can go back if you want, Janet-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Don’t mock me! As if I could leave you and run away on my own. Princess Sofia has requested me to protect the Water Country’s Heroes.” (Janet)<br/>
She got angry. <br/>
To be honest, it would help me out if she were to come. <br/>
Janet-san is a knight with top tier spearmanship and wide range Detection.<br/>
She is a reliable comrade.<br/>
“Well then, let’s go. I will be using Stealth, so grab onto me please.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I thought you were a more cautious man. You are the same as my brother in the part that you would rush into danger.” (Janet)<br/>
She says her gripes in a low voice.<br/>
Gera-san, your little sister is speaking ill of you, you know? <br/>
(You are in that same vein, Makoto.) (Noah)<br/>
(Mako-kun, fighto\~☆) (Eir)<br/>
The amount of Goddesses retorting in my mind has increased? <br/>
It is noisy. <br/>
Janet-san and I slowly advance through the thick mist. <br/>
“…But that Setekh of the Petrification Eyes, to think that his magic eyes had come back.” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san says bitterly as she grinds her teeth.<br/>
“Are the petrified people okay?” (Makoto)<br/>
There were brothers of Lucy within that group of people…<br/>
They can come back from that…right?<br/>
By using items or magic.<br/>
“If it is the petrification curse, Flona-sama who is a Goddess’s Oracle should be able to undo it.” (Janet)<br/>
“A Goddess’s Oracle…” (Makoto)<br/>
Furiae-san as well then.<br/>
Moreover, curses are her specialty.<br/>
Was having her stay in the Kanan Village the wrong decision?<br/>
No, we need the people that can undo the curse to stay safe so that they can undo the curse at the end of the battle. <br/>
That’s why it shouldn’t have been an error to have them stay at the village.<br/>
We advance through the Demonic Forest silently.<br/>
(Hmm, it is quiet.) (Makoto)<br/>
“By the way, the people of your unit are okay, Janet-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
Half of the female knights of the pegasus knight division stayed at the village, and the other half came along.<br/>
Everything has gone astray though.<br/>
“There’s no problems. The Northern Sky Order is always ready to give their lives in order to defeat the Demon Lords.” (Janet)<br/>
“…I-I see.” (Makoto)<br/>
I am not asking that though.<br/>
Janet-san is so serious. <br/>
She resembles Princess Sofia a bit.<br/>
Is Princess Sofia doing well?<br/>
“The point that bothers me is that the demons were waiting in ambush. It seemed like they were aware of our actions. Is there possibly a spy in the Wood Country? What do you think, Rozes Hero?” (Janet)<br/>
That’s certainly a point that’s bothering me too.<br/>
“We were let go pretty easily too.” (Makoto)<br/>
Even the Wind Tree Hero was there.<br/>
They could have cornered us thoroughly so that we wouldn’t be able to escape.<br/>
“We can’t understand the thoughts of demons… Please stop, Hero Makoto.” (Janet)<br/>
The Detection Skill reacted. <br/>
The one who found it first was Janet-san.<br/>
“Hero Makoto, there’s a pack of monsters ahead.” (Janet)<br/>
“My Skill still hasn’t reacted…no, there it is. There’s a lot. They are probably monsters of the Beast King’s subordinate…” (Makoto)<br/>
In that case, an immediate follower of the Beast King, Jinbara of the Ten Claws might be there.<br/>
Stealth doesn’t work on that guy.<br/>
Several thousands of monsters.<br/>
Most likely monsters that have lived for more than 1,000 years and are from the Demonic Continent.<br/>
(Now then…it would be rough to advance any further.) (Makoto)<br/>
We only have 2 here.<br/>
A superior rank knight and an apprentice mage.<br/>
“…Hero Makoto, I can’t agree to plunging into that.” (Janet)<br/>
“Please don’t talk as if I am suicidal. I won’t fight.” (Makoto)<br/>
Now then, what to do. <br/>
[Eavesdrop].<br/>
When in trouble, gather information.<br/>
The sound of beasts was noisy, but I searched to see if there’s anyone who I can understand what they say. <br/>
The higher in rank a demon is, the more they apparently like to have intellectual talks. <br/>
“Thanks for before, Setekh-sama. For driving away the Heroes.” <br/>
“Unfortunately, the witch that was our objective wasn’t there though.” <br/>
I hear something that matches.<br/>
Jackpot. <br/>
“The ritual to revive Bifrons-sama has safely finished. But to think dark magic could be done even in broad daylight. The progress of magic is remarkable after 1,000 years, huh.” <br/>
The owner of the voice I am familiar with is Setekh.<br/>
He really is here. <br/>
But the contents of the conversation bothered me.<br/>
{Janet-san, it seems the ritual to resurrect the Demon Lord has finished.} (Makoto)<br/>
{N-No way! There’s no way the Immortal King could revive at a time when the sun is still up…} (Janet)<br/>
The village chief said something similar to that.<br/>
That the revival of the Demon Lord would be performed at night when the power of the demons is stronger.<br/>
“It takes time for the revival ceremony to activate. I am counting on you with the defense of this place, Jinbara-sama, Setekh-sama.” <br/>
“To think they would challenge my army, what fool that Crimson Witch is.”<br/>
I heard those voices too.<br/>
One of them is the Beast King subordinate I met the other day, Jinbara.<br/>
The other one is…most likely the Archbishop Isaac?<br/>
“But it is surprising that you were a user of Destiny Magic. You have the same ability as that great personage, Isaac-dono.” (Setekh)<br/>
“No no, Setekh-sama, being compared to the Great Ruler-sama would be presumptuous.” (Isaac)<br/>
(I see.) (Makoto)<br/>
These guys speak a lot.<br/>
“Janet-san, at this rate, the Demon Lord is going to be coming back. Probably before night even reaches.” (Makoto)<br/>
“How can this be…” (Janet)<br/>
“Also, the reason they were able to ambush us was thanks to the Destiny Magic of Archbishop Isaac.” (Makoto)<br/>
The same power as Furiae-san.<br/>
“There wasn’t a spy then…?” (Janet)<br/>
“There might be though. The Snake Church does love doing stealthy stuff.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…What should we do from now on…?” (Janet)<br/>
“Hmmm…” (Makoto)<br/>
That’s the issue. <br/>
There’s high ranked demons and several monsters around the grave of the Demon Lord.<br/>
I feel like Lucy and Sa-san won’t be here.<br/>
I personally don’t intend to stay for long here if Lucy and Sa-san aren’t here.<br/>
“Let’s go back for now and regroup with the people of the Wood Country, maybe?” (Makoto)<br/>
I feel like, if worst comes to worst, it would be better to call Sakurai-kun for when the Demon Lord revives.<br/>
Or maybe Gera-san would happily do it? <br/>
When I was thinking that, something passed by above us.<br/>
““?!””<br/>
Janet-san and I ready ourselves, but that thing that was going at blinding speed slammed into the pack of monsters. <br/>
And then an explosion and a raging fire was raised.<br/>
It wasn’t only once.<br/>
When I looked closely, giant fireballs were being thrown one after the other.<br/>
(Lucy’s Meteor Shower? No, this is fire magic…) (Makoto)<br/>
“She is here! The Crimson Witch!” <br/>
“An unrefined mage has stepped into the sacred precincts of the undead.” <br/>
“A legend of the humans, huh. I will bring her down.” <br/>
So Rosalie-san hadn’t attacked yet. <br/>
She might have unexpectedly been listening in on their conversation too.<br/>
Every time the giant fireballs hit the ground and explode, raging fire was spread.<br/>
I can’t see the mage from here.<br/>
Is she attacking from quite the distant place?<br/>
Even as I was scanning the place, more and more fires were raised, and it was burning the Demonic Forest.<br/>
The demonic beasts began to make noise, surprised at the fire.<br/>
But as expected of the monsters of the Demon Lord army. <br/>
They weren’t rampaging or running away like wild monsters.<br/>
The smell of burned magic trees reached all the way to where we were.<br/>
The fire was spreading fast.<br/>
“Hero Makoto! At this rate, we will be caught in the fire.” (Janet)<br/>
“…Yeah, let’s move back.” (Makoto)<br/>
If the one using this magic is Rosalie-san, it wouldn’t be funny to get caught in it. <br/>
“Attacking us from afar is so shrewd. I will go and crush you.” <br/>
I heard that voice.<br/>
A black wind blew. <br/>
At the same time as that happened, an overwhelming swirl of mana occurs. <br/>
The owner of that mana is most likely Jinbara.<br/>
Mana that surpasses the Demon Lord confidant, Shuri.<br/>
Is Rosalie-san going to be okay?<br/>
“Jinbara-dono, it may be presumptuous of me, but I would like to help you out—oh? What’s that?” (Setekh)<br/>
The same time as the voice of Setekh rang, a powerful light lit up the surroundings, and a terrifying heat ruled the area. <br/>
(The light of the sun…? No, it isn’t.) (Makoto)<br/>
The mist was being cleared by that light.<br/>
“H-Hero Makoto?!” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san shouts flustered.<br/>
“This is bad… We have to run away.” (Makoto)<br/>
What was shown after the mist cleared up was a red sky. <br/>
Above the Demonic Forest, there was a red light covering the skies as if trying to burn it.<br/>
The identity of that red light is…a fire giant. <br/>
Several hundred fire giants were surrounding us. <br/>
Most likely, each and every one of them are Monarch Rank Spells.<br/>
The Monarch Magic that I managed to create after synchronizing with Undine. <br/>
She created several hundreds of them at the same time. <br/>
(No no no, you must be kidding, right…?) (Makoto)<br/>
If it were fireballs, that would be understandable, but…Monarch Magic that requires a massive amount of mana for each one of them…she managed to activate several hundreds of them. <br/>
Is that really something a human could control?<br/>
(She probably asked for the mana of Spirits… That’s why it took her time. But even so, Monarch Spells with mana that can cover the whole Demonic Forest…) (Makoto)<br/>
It really tells me just how outrageous of a mage Lucy’s mother is.<br/>
Wait, this isn’t the time to be spacing out! <br/>
“Let’s run away, Janet-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“We won’t make it in time! [Lightning Spear]!” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san shoots a magic spear on the ground.<br/>
A big hole that 2 people could enter was made.<br/>
“Go in!” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san pulled my hand and we took cover within the hole.<br/>
The inside of the hole was narrow, and it was just after taking a posture as if hugging Janet-san that we were able to enter completely into the hole. <br/>
“Monarch Fire Magic: [March of Giants].” (Rosalie) <br/>
I heard the voice of Rosalie-san with my Eavesdrop.<br/>
At that moment…<br/>
*Drrrrrrrt!*<br/>
I heard that kind of sound.<br/>
!!<br/>
!!<br/>
The ground shook, and a storm blew due to the heat. <br/>
If we had been standing on the surface level, we wouldn’t have come out unscathed. <br/>
An explosion that could destroy the eardrums and a fire that could burn down the skin passed by the hole. <br/>
(I hope Lucy and Sa-san are not nearby.) (Makoto)<br/>
Being caught in this would be no joke.<br/>
I want to believe that she won’t be bombing her daughter with magic by accident.<br/>
“Crimson Witch…what unbelievable magic…” (Janet)<br/>
When Janet-san said this, her breath reached my face lightly.<br/>
“Looks like it would be best to not move for a while.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hero Makoto, your face is close… Can’t be helped.” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san blushed and looked at me.<br/>
Clear Mind, Clear Mind.<br/>
That goes both ways.<br/>
In order to distract myself, I use Eavesdrop to check the state outside.<br/>
I was hearing the sounds of utter destruction without end.<br/>
There’s no point in Eavesdrop…<br/>
At that moment, one of the fire giants noticed us and looked at us.<br/>
“Geh!” <br/>
“Hiih!” <br/>
Janet-san and I reflexively let out our voices.<br/>
“““…”””<br/>
The giant and us stare at each other.<br/>
Only around 10 seconds passed, but the pressure and heat made it hard to breathe.<br/>
But now that I look closely, there’s no hostility from that giant’s eyes.<br/>
(…It is differentiating enemies from allies?) (Makoto)<br/>
The fire giant leaves.<br/>
What a relief. <br/>
We weren’t mistaken for monsters.<br/>
We continue hearing explosions outside.<br/>
“The magic of Rosalie-san seems to be differentiating between enemy and ally. Looks like there’s no fear of having Lucy and Sa-san caught up in it. As expected of one of the powerhouses of the continent, the Crimson Witch.” (Makoto)<br/>
Is what I said when I looked at Janet-san, but…<br/>
“…”<br/>
Janet-san was flapping her mouth.<br/>
Breathing through her mouth?<br/>
“Janet-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
I tap her cheek a number of times.<br/>
“! I am okay… Stop hitting my cheek. Haah…honestly, I was preparing myself for death there.” (Janet)<br/>
She directed me a tired expression.<br/>
“That was impressive pressure, wasn’t it? Anyways, it is pretty hot.” (Makoto)<br/>
I waved my hand on my face, but it isn’t cooling me down at all.<br/>
“…Why are you so calm?” (Janet)<br/>
“I am flustered internally, you know.” (Makoto)<br/>
“It doesn’t look like that at all…” (Janet)<br/>
After that, we talked for a while and waited for the sound of the magic to stop.<br/>
After more than 30 minutes passed…<br/>
“It has gotten quiet. I am going to check outside.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Be careful.” (Janet)<br/>
I carefully peeked outside the hole.<br/>
The Demonic Forest was gone.<br/>
There’s no magic tree forest. <br/>
No monsters. <br/>
Everything was burned down to the ground.<br/>
(What unbelievable firepower… The outside doesn’t seem to be dangerous anymore…?) (Makoto)<br/>
I try coming out.<br/>
“Uwa! So hot!” (Makoto)<br/>
The ground of the Demonic Forest was like the heated up surface of a stove.<br/>
The magic trees were burned down and had become charcoal.<br/>
I pull Janet-san outside.<br/>
…H-Heavy (her armor).<br/>
I somehow managed to pull her up.<br/>
Janet-san looked at the state outside in disbelief. <br/>
(The vision is too good. We are in plain view now. We have to get away from here.) (Makoto)<br/>
When I was thinking that…<br/>
“…You bastards…are not residents of the Wood Country… That armor, you must be a descendant from the annoying Hero Abel’s country, huh.” <br/>
““?!””<br/>
A voice filled with hatred poured from our backs.<br/>
A giant jet black centaur was there.<br/>
This is bad. It is Jinbara.<br/>
He survived the magic of Rosalie-san?! <br/>
“My army that was entrusted to me by Zagan-sama… How can this be…” (Jinbara)<br/>
I see. The subordinates of Jinbara-san have been wiped out, huh.<br/>
But the one who did that was Rosalie-san. <br/>
Looks like his target of hatred didn’t matter.<br/>
“Die, lower lifeforms.” (Jinbara)<br/>
A giant hoof aimed to crush Janet-san and I.<br/>
 