[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c142](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/08/29/wm-chapter-142-the-decisive-battle-in-the-demonic-forest-3/)
<br/><br/>
“Die, lower lifeforms.” (Jinbara)<br/>
A giant hoof aimed to crush Janet-san and I.<br/>
[Evade]! <br/>
I grab the shoulder of Janet-san and use a Skill to avoid the attack.<br/>
A giant crater was made at the place where we were previously in.<br/>
The next instant, a massive wind wave blew away the burned ashes.<br/>
(Woah!) (Makoto)<br/>
This is bad. If that hits, we are dying instantly.<br/>
“Lightning Spear!” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san shoots a javelin of lightning magic.<br/>
The spear at lightning speed attacks Jinbara…but he sweeps it off with his fist.<br/>
“Foolish!” (Jinbara)<br/>
Jinbara’s giant body quivered, and each time his hind legs hit the ground, the ground trembled as if an earthquake was happening.<br/>
Pitch black miasma was covering his body, and overwhelming mana was gathering.<br/>
The Demon Lord that rules the land of the Demonic Continent, the Beast King Zagan.<br/>
The one serving that Demon Lord as one of their elites, the jet black monster, Jinbara. <br/>
(This is impossible.) (Makoto)<br/>
I look around. <br/>
The scorched field spread with the magic of Rosalie-san, and there’s practically no Water Spirits.<br/>
The hand I rely on can’t be used.<br/>
If push comes to shove…<br/>
“Janet-san, use your flashiest spell please.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh? U-Uhm…but with my magic…” (Janet)<br/>
“Quick!” (Makoto)<br/>
“U-Understood. Lightning Magic: [Thunderbolt]!” (Janet)<br/>
(Chantless superior rank magic! The same spell as Gera-san, huh.) (Makoto)<br/>
That’s siblings for ya.<br/>
A giant lightning bolt falls onto the jet black monster from the sky. <br/>
“Slow.” (Jinbara)<br/>
But it didn’t hit.<br/>
“…He can evade even that, huh.” (Makoto)<br/>
“The opponent is an immediate follower of a Demon Lord. We really are not enough…” (Janet)<br/>
Well, the thunderbolt wasn’t to attack him.<br/>
I am sure they must be watching.<br/>
We have to buy time.<br/>
Water Magic: [Mist].<br/>
I try using vision obstructing magic even if it may be pointless.<br/>
A heavy fog covered a radius of around 100 meters.<br/>
“Do you think you can escape?!” (Jinbara)<br/>
With only the shout of Jinbara, the mist dispersed.<br/>
It really was no good.<br/>
The black beast rushes our way.<br/>
[Evade]!<br/>
Tch, won’t make it in time!<br/>
Just a light graze from his rush sent Janet-san and I flying.<br/>
“Guh!” <br/>
(Can’t they come already?) (Makoto)<br/>
When I was thinking that…<br/>
“Hyahaa!!” <br/>
A yell that sounded like that of a hoodlum rang, and something wrapped with bright red aura kicked Jinbara on the side of his head.<br/>
At the same time, that kick created a raging fire and sent the giant body of the centaur flying.<br/>
“Guaaaaahh!” (Jinbara)<br/>
Jinbara shouts as an explosion occurs at the point of impact.<br/>
Rosalie-san lands powerfully on the ground.<br/>
(Oooh…) (Makoto)<br/>
I am glad she actually came.<br/>
I sigh in relief.<br/>
“Are you okay, Lucy’s boyfriend-kun and the Valentine knight-chan?” (Rosalie)<br/>
Lucy’s mother smiles teasingly. <br/>
“You saved us there, Rosalie-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh? Eeeh?! U-U-Uhm…” (Janet)<br/>
I gave my thanks to the mother of Lucy, and Janet-san seems to be unable to speak. <br/>
“To think you would resort to a surprise attack, you are doing lowly stuff there, Crimson Witch.” (Jinbara)<br/>
The jet black monster comes out from within the raging fire.<br/>
He didn’t suffer much damage even with that, huh.<br/>
“Man, I am late. Your Petrification Eye User-kun comrade gave me some trouble, you see.” (Rosalie)<br/>
Rosalie-san laughs heartily. <br/>
Setekh-san…was defeated?<br/>
I couldn’t see the petrification eyes.<br/>
No, I shouldn’t be looking at them in the first place though.<br/>
“The subordinates of the Immortal King are useless… But it looks like Setekh has done his part.” (Jinbara)<br/>
“…Rosalie-sama, your arm!” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san screams, and when I follow her gaze…I see that Rosalie-san’s left arm has been hardened into an ashen color. <br/>
…She has been petrified?<br/>
“Yeaah, I lowered my guard there. So those were the legendary petrification eyes. To think it would break through the magic resistance that I trained in Hell.” (Rosalie)<br/>
Rosalie-san’s voice had no desperation in it.<br/>
She instead sounded like she found it amusing.<br/>
“Fool… Showing up with a body like that all carefreely.” (Jinbara)<br/>
Jinbara informs with eyes that looked down on her.<br/>
“Ha! If you want to defeat me, prepare a Demon Lord at the very least. One arm is handicap!” (Rosalie)<br/>
Rosalie-san isn’t dropping her tough stance.<br/>
“Regret that arrogance!” (Jinbara)<br/>
Jinbara turned into a pitch black wind and approached Rosalie-san.<br/>
Rosalie-san smiled daringly and her whole body shone bright red, and turned into red wind.<br/>
…*Bang!*<br/>
…….*Pang!*<br/>
*Crash!* *Bang!*<br/>
Lights were flashing.<br/>
The clash of those two became shockwaves that were felt all the way over here.<br/>
I go on my knees so that I don’t get blown away by those waves.<br/>
The battle between the Demon Lord’s immediate follower and the Crimson Witch…<br/>
(It is so fast I can’t see anything though!) (Makoto)<br/>
S-So this is Yamcha POV…<br/>
I look at Janet-san at my side.<br/>
“W-Wow…ah, what an amazing move!” (Janet)<br/>
Looks like she can follow with her eyes.<br/>
As expected of a Superior Rank Knight.<br/>
It is impossible for an apprentice mage.<br/>
It seems like I won’t be able to follow this fight, so I just look at the surroundings.<br/>
The ruins of the Demonic Forest have spread far and wide, but I can see green faraway. <br/>
Is that the Great Forest?<br/>
Looks like Rosalie-san only burned down the Demonic Forest.<br/>
How ‘careful’.<br/>
And it seems like someone was coming over here, most likely pulled by the battle of Jinbara and Rosalie-san.<br/>
I use Farsight to check.<br/>
It is not a monster or a demon.<br/>
The shadow of a familiar person.<br/>
(It is Sa-san and Lucy!) (Makoto)<br/>
There’s also Prince Leonard, the Wind Tree Hero, and the Kanan Village warriors. <br/>
What a relief. Everyone’s okay.<br/>
But they are not coming immediately.<br/>
They are carefully getting closer.<br/>
The reason is…<br/>
“Hiiih!” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san at my side raised a short scream.<br/>
I looked back and there were several tens of giant fire pillars raised, and several explosions were happening.<br/>
(Rosalie-san is flashy.) (Makoto)<br/>
I can’t see anything with my eyes at all, but when I tried using Eavesdrop, I could hear the voice of Jinbara going ‘Guha!’ ‘Impossible!’ here and there.<br/>
And also a ‘Ahahahahahahaha!’ from Rosalie-san.<br/>
Is this battle junkie getting high from the battle?<br/>
For now, it looks like she is on the superior side.<br/>
“Makoto!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun!” (Aya)<br/>
While this happened, Lucy and Sa-san had gotten close.<br/>
“I am glad to see you two are okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
I thought that from the bottom of my heart.<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san also showed the same smile as me on their faces…not.<br/>
“Hmm…Aya, Makoto is holding hands with Janet-san.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Ahaha, there’s no way that’s true, Lu-chan. Janet-san hates Takatsuki-kun after all.” (Aya)<br/>
Hearing that conversation, Janet-san lets go of my hand instantly.<br/>
“Y-You’ve got it wrong! This is…!” (Janet)<br/>
“Yeah yeah, I was using Evade, and Janet-san was in charge of attacking. It was teamwork.” (Makoto)<br/>
I explain to them honestly, but…<br/>
“Heeh…” (Lucy)<br/>
“Hmmm.” (Aya)<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san’s eyes were cold.<br/>
Why?<br/>
“Uhm, Makoto-niisan! Are the ones fighting there Rosalie-sama and an executive of the Demon Lord army?!” (Leo)<br/>
Prince Leonard helped me out in redirecting the conversation into the correct path.<br/>
Good work!<br/>
“The opponent is an immediate follower of the Beast King, Jinbara. Looks like Rosalie-san is popular, so…ah.” (Makoto)<br/>
An explosion bigger than usual happened.<br/>
And then, a charred body fell onto the ground.<br/>
Following right after, someone shining like magma landed on the ground.<br/>
The red light slowly subsides.<br/>
A blonde beauty with blue eyes that looks similar to Lucy appeared.<br/>
“Fuuh, he gave me trouble.” (Rosalie)<br/>
Rosalie-san had an accomplished face, and I couldn’t see any specially outstanding wounds.<br/>
Aside from the petrified left arm.<br/>
Wow, she won with one arm.<br/>
“Mama! Your arm!” (Lucy)<br/>
“It is okay, Lucy\~. I will have Flona-chan heal that later.” (Rosalie)<br/>
Lucy’s Mother smiles kindly at her worrying child.<br/>
“Rosalie-sama, great job!” (Max)<br/>
Maximilian-san praises her greatly. <br/>
“Makki boy, you have gotten big. Did you lead them all? Good boy, good boy.” (Rosalie)<br/>
Ooh…she treats the Hero as a little boy.<br/>
Oops, I have something important to tell them.<br/>
“Rosalie-san, Maximilian-san, I heard that the ritual to revive the Demon Lord has finished.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Is that true, Makoto?!” (Lucy)<br/>
“That’s bad!” (Aya)<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san reacted.<br/>
“Right right, I had a bad feeling, so I burned everything down just in case.” (Rosalie)<br/>
A charred field as far as the eye can see.<br/>
“““……”””<br/>
Everyone fell silent. <br/>
Did this solve it?<br/>
“Mama, couldn’t you have at least told us? Ojii-chan was raging.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Achaa. I guess I am coming back in around a year later then.” (Rosalie)<br/>
Hmm, has it been resolved?<br/>
The power of Lucy’s Mother really was enough.<br/>
What destroyed that relaxed atmosphere was the voice of a man.<br/>
“Aah, no good… Every single one of them is useless.” <br/>
By the time I noticed, there was a man standing there close by.<br/>
He looks like a human.<br/>
Not a Wood Country resident, and not a demon either. <br/>
But there was a strange point about him.<br/>
“…Undead?” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san mutters.<br/>
I also have the same impression.<br/>
The neck of the man talking was bent 90 degrees.<br/>
A human wouldn’t be able to stay alive in that state.<br/>
“That’s wrong. That there is a ‘Puppet’. It is simply being controlled. The one talking isn’t the man in front of us.” (Rosalie)<br/>
Rosalie-san points out with a calm voice.<br/>
“The Crimson Witch, huh… I thought you wouldn’t be returning till a few years more. What a bad play of fate.” <br/>
The man with a broken neck speaks indifferently but with an infuriating tone.<br/>
“The Snake Church’s Archbishop, Isaac, huh.” (Makoto)<br/>
I try shooting that blindly.<br/>
There was no response, but his gaze turned to me.<br/>
“The Country Designated Hero of Rozes, huh… You get in my way at every turn I go.” <br/>
Looks like I was right.<br/>
As always, a guy that doesn’t show himself in person.<br/>
The eyes of the man are blank.<br/>
He isn’t even blinking, and it is as if his eyes weren’t focused at anything.<br/>
Only his mouth was moving like a puppet.<br/>
But his voice couldn’t hide his anger. <br/>
“Well…fine. You will all be dying here. Or the Wood Country will fall. That’s settled.” <br/>
“I won’t let you.” (Max)<br/>
The Wind Tree Hero-san denies the words of the Archbishop shortly. <br/>
He is holding a shining greatsword with both hands.<br/>
The strongest magic sword of Spring Log, Clarent. <br/>
(Aah, nailing it with short words does make it cooler.) (Makoto)<br/>
(Makoto, be serious.) (Noah)<br/>
While I was spacing out thinking about a stupid thing, Noah-sama retorted.<br/>
(But we have Rosalie-san and the Wood Hero here, you know?) (Makoto)<br/>
I don’t know if there will be a turn for me. <br/>
(…Mako-kun, be careful.) (Eir)<br/>
(Eir-sama?) (Makoto)<br/>
The Water Goddess that’s always playing around was saying this with a serious tone.<br/>
“How are you going to bring down the Wood Country on your own?” (Rosalie)<br/>
Rosalie-san’s question made the man controlled by Archbishop Isaac open his mouth.<br/>
But what came out from his mouth weren’t words to answer her question.<br/>
“I offer it to you, Snake God of Wisdom, Typhon-sama.” <br/>
The moment he said that…the man controlled by Archbishop Isaac began to laugh.<br/>
His neck still bent.<br/>
In his right hand, there’s a small silvercraft in the form of an apple.<br/>
The silver apple had two snakes that were coiled around it and eating each other.<br/>
That thing released light.<br/>
“Fufu, it has been a while, Bifrons.” <br/>
The voice of the broken neck man changed.<br/>
The voice of a boy that hasn’t had his voice mature.<br/>
“But resurrecting you is impossible. Your soul is wounded. That’s why there’s no choice but to have you be reborn.” <br/>
A voice I have heard before.<br/>
The childish voice I heard before in the Water Country’s capital.<br/>
If I remember correctly, the owner of that voice, which Noah-sama told me about, was…<br/>
“Great Demon Lord, Iblis…?” (Makoto)<br/>
“““?!”””<br/>
Everyone turned at my mutter.<br/>
“It makes me sad for you to forget me.” <br/>
“Makoto-niisan! Is it true that this voice belongs to the Great Demon Lord?!” (Leo)<br/>
“[Firestorm]!” (Rosalie)<br/>
The spell Rosalie-san shot burns down the broken neck man.<br/>
“But it brings me joy that you will become a closer existence to me.” <br/>
However, the voice doesn’t disappear.<br/>
Even when burning, the voice still rang.<br/>
“Now, be reborn!” <br/>
KAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!! AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!<br/>
At that instant, strange screams resonated at the same time.<br/>
When I looked around, syrupy beings were crawling their way out from the charred ground. <br/>
Each of them were raising blood curdling screams.<br/>
Within those, there was one that drew my eyes the most; a monster that was like a small mountain. <br/>
Its body had several hundreds of arms and legs sticking out of it. <br/>
Moving like tentacles in a disorderly fashion.<br/>
Just looking at it disoriented me – a disgusting being.<br/>
“Bless the glorious new king, and the glorious beasts!”<br/>
The voice of the child stopped sounding at the same time as it announced that loudly. <br/>
And in just a short instance, thousands of sacrilegious monsters had appeared.<br/>
Options showed up in front of me.<br/>
[Will you challenge the Pseudo-Great Demon Lord, Bifrons?]<br/>
Yes<br/>
No<br/>
(…Great Demon Lord? Not Demon Lord?) (Makoto)<br/>
“Tch…a Demon Lord of a higher realm and Taboo Monsters, huh.” (Rosalie)<br/>
It is the first time I hear distress in the voice of Rosalie-san.<br/>
 