[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c144](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/09/01/wm-chapter-144-the-decisive-battle-in-the-demonic-forest-5/)
<br/><br/>
(I feel really strong gazes on me…) (Makoto)<br/>
Rosalie-san and Maximilian-san.<br/>
The other elves and Janet-san as well as the female knights.<br/>
Even the Taboo Monsters that are surrounding us were staring intently over here.<br/>
…Eir-sama…I am grateful that you helped me out, but…didn’t you overdo it?<br/>
At that moment…<br/>
Rain began to fall.<br/>
(Did the fire magic of Rosalie-san create an updraft and made clouds…?) (Makoto)<br/>
No, rain clouds can’t be made so easily.<br/>
Is it just a coincidence?<br/>
Or was it brought by Eir-sama?<br/>
Anyways, it is lucky there’s rain.<br/>
Water Spirits were gathering around bit by bit.<br/>
“Hey, how did you do that just now?” (Rosalie)<br/>
Rosalie-san’s eyes were sharp as if they were trying to pierce through prey.<br/>
“Uhm…I asked the Water Goddess Eir-sama…” (Makoto)<br/>
I averted my gaze slightly and felt slightly awkward. <br/>
It is not like I am doing anything bad though.<br/>
Is it because, even though I am the believer of Noah-sama, I borrowed the strength of Eir-sama?<br/>
“Y-You…aren’t you supposed to be a Country Designated Hero…?” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san points out with a dumbfounded expression.<br/>
(Yeah…a Country Designated Hero is simply a promoted adventurer. There’s no way they should have a super powerful Divine Protection from Eir-sama like that of a Goddess’s Hero. That’s why it must be weird.) (Makoto)<br/>
But if I didn’ show my power to a certain extent, I felt like they wouldn’t let me fight.<br/>
“That’s…not the Divine Protection of a God… You are receiving direct interference from the Gods? …Is that even possible…?” (Rosalie)<br/>
Rosalie-san placed a hand on her chin, furrowed her brows, and was looking at my dagger with interest. <br/>
Maximilian-san and Prince Leonard had their eyes wide open and were frozen in place.<br/>
“Moreover, isn’t that…a God Killer Blade…?” (Rosalie)<br/>
“God Killer Blade…?” (Makoto)<br/>
I think Setekh said something similar to that?<br/>
“Hey, Takatsuki-kun, what’s a God Killer Blade?” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san pops her head out from my back.<br/>
Sa-san is actually a Lamia, so it seems she doesn’t have any issues even when surrounded by Taboo Monsters.<br/>
“No, I don’t know much either…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Aya…a God Killer Blade is a fragment of a weapon that was said to have been used in the war of gods that happened a long time ago, the Divine Realm War.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Lucy, you shouldn’t push yourself.” (Makoto)<br/>
“It is okay. I am getting used to it.” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy staggers as she tries to get up.<br/>
Is she really okay…? <br/>
“Makoto-niisan, where did you get that dagger?” (Leo)<br/>
“Uhm, I got it from my Goddess…” (Makoto)<br/>
She is considered an Evil God by the general populace though, is what I add in my heart.<br/>
If I were to speak carelessly about Eir-sama to Prince Leonard, I feel like it could get discovered later.<br/>
Let’s be careful.<br/>
“Ahahahahaha!” (Rosalie)<br/>
Rosalie-san suddenly began to laugh boisterously.<br/>
“Rosalie-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
“You are the best! Boyfriend of Lucy! You brought a weapon that can kill even Gods to defeat a Demon Lord?! Nice! With that, it is more than enough and there’s room to spare even!” (Rosalie)<br/>
“R-Rosalie-sama? Then, we are going to fight against the Demon Lord together with Makoto-dono?” (Max)<br/>
The Wind Tree Hero-san says with a panicked expression.<br/>
“Well, it would be better to have as many people as we can, right? That girl over there seems fine too.” (Rosalie)<br/>
Rosalie-san speaks to Sa-san.<br/>
“Yes, I will be supporting Takatsuki-kun, okay?” (Aya)<br/>
She swings around her fierce god hammer (2 meters in size).<br/>
“I-Is that…the treasured weapon of 1,000 years ago, the Fierce God Hammer? There was someone who could use it?” (Janet)<br/>
I could hear the surprise of Janet-san.<br/>
It probably can’t be used by anyone but Sa-san.<br/>
That thing is crazy heavy.<br/>
“But be careful about one thing. If you get too close to the Immortal King that is on its way to being reborn into a higher being, your body won’t be able to endure the miasma that he is emitting. The ones who will be okay even when touching him are the Heroes that have the Divine Protection of the Goddesses. Also…Aya-chan there will probably be okay.” (Rosalie)<br/>
“Really?” (Aya)<br/>
“Is that so?” (Makoto)<br/>
Rosalie-san shoots a meaningful gaze.<br/>
(Rosalie-san knows that Sa-san is a lamia after all.) (Makoto)<br/>
It seems she doesn’t intend to expose her though.<br/>
Well, it is better to have as many strong comrades as possible after all.<br/>
“Maxi Boy has the Divine Protection of the Goddess. Aya-chan there is ‘sturdy’ due to her race, so she will be okay. And so, what about you, Boyfriend-kun?” (Rosalie)<br/>
“…”<br/>
Hmm.<br/>
I would be out if I were to get close, huh.<br/>
With my pitiful Stats, I can’t really…<br/>
(Wait, Makoto! Why aren’t you relying on me?!) (Noah)<br/>
(Noah-sama?) (Makoto)<br/>
But can you do anything here? <br/>
(Kuh! If only I weren’t sealed in the Deep Sea Temple!) (Noah)<br/>
(Fufu, Mako-kun\~, I am more reliable, aren’t I? How about converting now? You won’t have to pay anything for breaching the contract.) (Eir)<br/>
I won’t be switching.<br/>
But I don’t think I will be able to rely on you this time around, Noah-sama…<br/>
(F-Five years! If you give me 5 years of your lifespan, I can put a god level barrier on you!) (Noah)<br/>
(With the Sacrificial Technique?) (Makoto)<br/>
Didn’t you tell me it is better not to use that?<br/>
(I-It can’t be helped! There’s no other way for me to lend you my strength!) (Noah)<br/>
(How long will I be able to maintain this God level barrier with 5 years of lifespan?) (Makoto)<br/>
(…Around 30 minutes?) (Noah)<br/>
So short! <br/>
Well, I can just leave the Demon Lord to Maximilian-san.<br/>
“Rosalie-san, it seems like I can manage somehow.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh? How?” (Rosalie)<br/>
How do I do it, Noah-sama?<br/>
Aah, it must be that.<br/>
I pushed the dagger onto my hand.<br/>
Blood flowed from the palm of my hand and into the dagger.<br/>
—I offer it to you, Noah-sama.<br/>
(Guh…!) (Makoto)<br/>
The sensation of my lifeforce being taken away from my body.<br/>
This is a feeling I won’t be able to get used to.<br/>
—On the name of the Goddess Noah, protect Makoto; [God Armor].<br/>
That beautiful voice resonates in my ear.<br/>
A faint light wraps around me gently. <br/>
Is this god rank magic?<br/>
It feels more plain than I thought…<br/>
“Guoooooooohhh!!” “Uooooooooh!” Kaaaaaaaaah!!” <br/>
Screams were raised in the surroundings.<br/>
Uwah, the Taboo Monsters are reacting a whole lot.<br/>
Especially the grotesque Demon Lord was staring straight over here with the many giant eyes on its body. It is disgusting.<br/>
“Hey, you…that just now, could it be…” (Rosalie)<br/>
Also, the eyes of Rosalie-san are incredibly scary. <br/>
“Well then, I will be going, okay? Sa-san, let’s go. Maximilian-san, shall we go?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Okay\~.” (Aya)<br/>
“A-Alright…” (Max)<br/>
Before I get barraged by questions, we decide to head over and defeat the Demon Lord.<br/>
“Kuh! I have a mountain of things I want to ask, but this is not the time for that! I have left the Demon Lord to the Heroes, so I will be defeating the Taboo Monsters with Lucy!” (Rosalie)<br/>
Rosalie-san says this as she holds the shoulder of Lucy.<br/>
“Eh? Mama? Me?” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy is still all dizzy though. <br/>
But if she is together with her mother, it should be alright. <br/>
“U-Uhm! Makoto-niisan! I will go together with you!” (Leo)<br/>
Oh, Prince Leonard is also a Hero.<br/>
But…<br/>
“Leo-kun, stay with me.” (Rosalie)<br/>
“Rosalie-sama…but…” (Leo)<br/>
“You are just going to get in the way.” (Rosalie)<br/>
Rosalie-san says straight.<br/>
Prince Leonard droops his head in regret. <br/>
I would also feel more relieved having him be together with Lucy and her mother.<br/>
I glanced at Janet-san, and she nods lightly. <br/>
I am sure she will be protecting Prince Leonard too.<br/>
She seems to not be in good shape yet though.<br/>
Sa-san, the Wind Tree Hero, and I head to where the Demon Lord is with hasty steps.<br/>
“Lucy, we are using magic together. It is about time you get to use one or two Saint Rank Spells.” (Rosalie)<br/>
“…Eh? Saint Rank? I only have a Monarch Rank Skill though.” (Lucy)<br/>
“What are you saying?! You are the daughter of me and that man! It will be easy peasy. Since this is a good chance, learn it now.” (Rosalie)<br/>
“What do you mean by ‘since this is a good chance’?!” (Lucy)<br/>
I was using Eavesdrop, and I could hear the heartwarming conversation of mother and daughter.<br/>
Lucy, you will finally be using Saint Rank Magic, huh…<br/>
You have grown.<br/>
“Mama, it is kinda hot! It is hot!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Fufufu, your mana really is good, Lucy. You are even more specialized at fire than I am after all. Aah, it is getting me excited\~!” (Rosalie)<br/>
“Mama, isn’t this spell going out of control?! This is scary! What spell do you plan on shooting all of a sudden?!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Alright\~. We will be going from synchronization to Saint Rank Seventh Seat.” (Rosalie)<br/>
“No way. All of a sudden?! Wait, my heart isn’t ready yet.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Countdown starting\~. 3, 2…” (Rosalie)<br/>
Looks like they are having fun over there.<br/>
I just hope their magic doesn’t go out of control in their merriness though. <br/>
It seems like the interest of the Taboo Monsters was redirected to Rosalie-san thanks to them getting feisty. <br/>
The location for the decisive battle was getting close.<br/>
An aberrancy even within the Taboo Monsters.<br/>
It is around the size of a 7-8 story building.<br/>
That figure of his covered in black tentacles was slowly changing shape.<br/>
—The shadow of the Immortal King Bifrons is trying to be reborn into a new Demon Lord.<br/>
As we get closer, I can tell that the tentacles in the body of the Demon Lord are in the shape of hands.<br/>
“Hm? Monsters have been grabbed?” (Aya)<br/>
I look at the direction Sa-san is pointing at and…<br/>
The tentacles from the giant aberration that’s most likely the Demon Lord extended and captured Taboo Monsters.<br/>
“Aaah!!”<br/>
The Taboo Monster lets out a grieving voice as it was swallowed into the body of the Demon Lord.<br/>
“It was eaten…?” <br/>
“If we get too close, we get eaten?” <br/>
This is not an issue of miasma, Rosalie-san.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun! The monsters have come!” (Aya)<br/>
Moreover, a number of Taboo Monsters are heading this way.<br/>
“Let’s defeat those guys first.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Got it, Makoto-dono.” (Max)<br/>
Just as Maximilian-san said that, he swung down his greatsword.<br/>
“[Storm Edge]!” (Max)<br/>
A giant tornado swallows up the monsters and cuts them.<br/>
“Urya!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san sends a Taboo Monster flying with her giant hammer.<br/>
The fast monsters were being cleaned up by Sa-san.<br/>
And me…<br/>
“Big…” (Makoto)<br/>
A gigantic pig monster that’s as big as 3 african elephants walked over here.<br/>
It would be fine if it were just your regular pig, but for some reason, it had a human face.<br/>
(Yup, creepy.) (Makoto)<br/>
“XXXXXX (Oooi, Spirit-sans).” (Makoto)<br/>
“““XXX (Yes\~).”””<br/>
—Water Spirit Cladding.<br/>
I clad Water Spirits into the dagger, and swing down a magic blade. <br/>
The giant magic blade cuts the giant monster.<br/>
The Taboo Monster gets blown away after being cut by the water blade.<br/>
But it seems like my magic blade lacked power. It didn’t manage to defeat the Taboo Monster.<br/>
I left the finishing to Sa-san and Maximilian-san.<br/>
While we were clearing off the monsters that were attacking us…<br/>
“Watch out!” <br/>
I was suddenly held by a big arm.<br/>
Just like that, I was made to jump forward with a lot of momentum.<br/>
(Geh!) (Makoto)<br/>
A giant black monster of disgusting appearance landed at the place I was.<br/>
The shockwave of that opened a crater and destroyed the surroundings.<br/>
That was close…<br/>
Even if I have the barrier of Noah-sama, I don’t want to be hit by that.<br/>
“Y-You saved me there, Maximilian-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Umu, be careful, Makoto-dono.” (Max)<br/>
The fearless profile of a dragonborn glaring at the monsters.<br/>
So cool\~.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, are you okay?!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san comes over.<br/>
Looks like she has cleaned up the Taboo Monsters.<br/>
“Hmm, that one is heading to where Rosalie-sama is.” (Max)<br/>
The large build black monster that attacked us before.<br/>
3 heads, more than 10 arms, and 8 legs; a monster with bad balance -a giant black horse. <br/>
“Hm? Isn’t that the Beast King’s subordinate, Jinbara, that Rosalie-san defeated and has become a Taboo Monster…?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Judging from its appearance and shape, it is likely the case.” (Max)<br/>
Will it be okay?<br/>
If it has gotten stronger after becoming a Taboo Monster…<br/>
Moreover, she is currently fighting while protecting the elves and Prince Leonard. <br/>
“Sa-san, we are fine here, so can you please help out Lucy and Prince Leonard?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hm? I am fine with that, but…you are staying here, Takatsuki-kun? Won’t it be dangerous?” (Aya)<br/>
“No, I have around 20 minutes left.” (Makoto)<br/>
Noah-sama’s barrier is working after all.<br/>
“Got it. I will be going.” (Aya)<br/>
She returned to the place where Rosalie-san is at incredible speed.<br/>
“Sa-san! Don’t push yourself! Rely on Rosalie-san for the strong looking enemies!” (Makoto)<br/>
I shout that at her.<br/>
“Okay\~!” (Aya)<br/>
Looks like my voice reached.<br/>
Well, it is Sa-san we are talking about here, so it should be okay.<br/>
She does have ‘Remaining Lives’.<br/>
“Well then, Maximilian-san, I will be on guard of the surroundings, so please defeat the Demon Lord.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Understood!” (Max)<br/>
Maximilian-san takes a stance with the holy sword.<br/>
Dense mana covers the body of Maximilian-san.<br/>
Green wind blows and the holy sword shines.<br/>
In that time, I was on alert for any Taboo Monsters.<br/>
We defeated most of the monsters close to the Demon Lord and the Taboo Monsters are swarming onto the side of Rosalie-san.<br/>
At times, a giant cross-shaped fire pillar would rise.<br/>
I want to think that they are okay like that.<br/>
While we were doing that, mana was gathering on the holy sword.<br/>
I glanced at him wondering if he was intending to shoot some kind of finishing move, but…<br/>
The wind suddenly stopped.<br/>
(Eh?) (Makoto)<br/>
The wind mana that was surging just a moment ago stopped cold.<br/>
“Maximilian-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
…But there’s no response.<br/>
“Did something happen?” (Makoto)<br/>
When I turned around…the Wind Tree Hero had turned into stone.<br/>
(This…could it be…!) (Makoto)<br/>
“Hey there, human! And bye bye, forever!” <br/>
The one who appeared was the Demon Lord confidant that Rosalie-san supposedly had defeated, Setekh. <br/>
 