[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c150](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/09/26/wm-chapter-150-takatsuki-makoto-speaks-to-the-great-sage/)
<br/><br/>
“Then, Spirit User-kun, I have come to see you.” <br/>
Pure white hair and robe, and fiery shining red eyes.<br/>
The Great Sage-sama that was supposed to be in the Sun Country was in the house of the Kanan Chief. <br/>
She walks over here with long strides.<br/>
“Gueh!” (Makoto)<br/>
She suddenly grabbed the collar of my shirt.<br/>
“Great Sage-sama?!” “Sensei?!” <br/>
Princess Sofia and Lucy raise their voice in surprise.<br/>
“Johnny’s son, I will be borrowing the room deep inside.” <br/>
“Y-Yes, Great Sage-sama! Go ahead and take your time.” (Woltz)<br/>
“Umu.” <br/>
The moment she said that, my field of view turned pitch black.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I used Teleport. I wanted to talk with you for a bit, you see.” <br/>
Is this the deep room that the Village Chief was talking about…? <br/>
It is dim, there’s bookshelves in the surroundings, and it is slightly dusty.<br/>
*Click*<br/>
A loud noise resonated from the back.<br/>
She locked the door with magic?<br/>
How wary she is here…<br/>
“Is it a talk that must definitely not be heard by others?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…”<br/>
The Great Sage-sama’s eyes that were shining red in the darkness were staring straight at me.<br/>
It is not the usual calm smile, but serious eyes.<br/>
“You apparently defeated the Demon Lord, Bifrons.” <br/>
“Apparently, yeah…” (Makoto)<br/>
Did she go through the trouble of coming all the way to Spring Log just to talk about that?<br/>
“…”<br/>
“Great Sage-sama?” (Makoto)<br/>
The Great Sage-sama has the body of a small child, so when she lowers her head, I can’t see her expression.<br/>
A while passes, and she begins to speak in a whisper.<br/>
“…I told you I am a vampire, right?” <br/>
“Yeah, you said so in the Sun Country.” (Makoto)<br/>
That surprised me.<br/>
After that, she exposed that I am a virgin, and got my blood sucked…<br/>
“I was originally a human and was made into a vampire…and the one who did that was the Demon Lord, Bifrons. In other words, for me, the one considered as my ‘father’ as a vampire was him.” <br/>
“Eh?!” (Makoto)<br/>
The father of the Great Sage-sama?<br/>
Hm?<br/>
I defeated her father?<br/>
“U-Uhm…” (Makoto)<br/>
Cold sweat ran down.<br/>
I thought that nothing bad would happen after defeating a Demon Lord.<br/>
Leaving aside people on the side of the demons like Setekh-san…no, the Great Sage-sama is also a demon…moreover, it was a relative of hers…<br/>
“U-Uhm, I don’t know what to say to that…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Well done, Spirit User-kun. The only one I couldn’t fight against was the Demon Lord, Bifrons. Vampires can’t go against their Parents. I will kill any other Demon Lord the moment they step into the West Continent though. The Snake Church must have been planning the revival of Bifrons as an anti Great Sage, but…kukuku! Spirit User-kun got in their way real well.” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama laughs in an evil manner.<br/>
In other words, the usual.<br/>
Hmm, this is…<br/>
“Does that mean you are not angry that I defeated your ‘parent’?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Angry for the defeat of Bifrons? He ruled over half of the West Continent 1,000 years ago, and treated the humans like livestock, you know? My human parents, the people in my village; everyone was eaten by the demon subordinates of Bifrons. If I could, I would have torn him from limb to limb with my own hands…” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama showed her fangs and grinded her teeth.<br/>
“Well, 1,000 years ago, I was saved by Abel just before I was about to be eaten, and managed to live on thanks to that. This time around, Abel is not here. If Bifrons had come back, I would have had no choice but to ask the Light Hero-kun… But the Light Hero-kun is naive after all.” <br/>
“Sakurai-kun is working hard though.” (Makoto)<br/>
I reflexively take the side of my long friend.<br/>
“I know. He is getting stronger. By the time the Northern Expedition comes, he will have become decent.” <br/>
“He really is a diligent one, so please help him out.” (Makoto)<br/>
He is a bit indecisive though.<br/>
Especially when it comes to women! <br/>
It seems the Great Sage-sama thought of something in my words and her mouth warped.<br/>
“Is it okay for you to be worrying about others all the time, Spirit User-kun? Highland, no, the nobles of the whole West Continent are aiming for you, you know?” <br/>
“…Really?” (Makoto)<br/>
Princess Sofia was saying something similar to that, but is that really the case?<br/>
“The greedy people are already thinking about what’s after the war against the demons, and are computing the gains. The reincarnation of the Savior, the Light Hero-kun that came from another world is in the hands of the Highland royalty. Then, what will be important is the ‘Second Biggest Contributor’.” <br/>
“…I see.” (Makoto)<br/>
The war still hasn’t even begun, you know?<br/>
“Oi oi, you are lacking a sense of danger. There’s a Hero that has defeated a Demon Lord and doesn’t know politics, moreover, is employed by a weak country. Most of the nobles are thinking that, if they give you a juicy bait, they will be able to pull you to their side. They also want to take a sweet portion of the land of the Demonic Continent after the war -using the card of ‘the Hero that defeated a Demon Lord’.” <br/>
Haah, the nobles are thinking that?<br/>
“…So political stuff, then. But I am supposedly engaged to Princess Sofia though?” (Makoto)<br/>
“They must be thinking they can shut up the royalty of a weak country someway or another. Sofia really has it rough.” <br/>
(The standing of the Water Country is seriously weak…) (Makoto)<br/>
“What do you plan on doing from now on, Spirit User-kun?” <br/>
“My current plan is to go to the Fire Country, Great Keith…” (Makoto)<br/>
According to what I have heard, maybe I should lay low?<br/>
Should I consult with Princess Sofia?<br/>
“Fumu, the militaristic country, Great Keith, huh. It might not be bad. The people there are all muscle heads, and aren’t good at political stuff. By the way, avoid going to the commercial country of Camelon. There’s only racoons there. They will try to honey trap you in an instant.” <br/>
“Charm magic doesn’t work on me, so it will be okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
When I respond with confidence, the Great Sage-sama shakes her head amazed.<br/>
“Idiot. As if charm magic matters. You will stay in an inn, and by the time you wake up in the morning, you will find an unknown naked woman sleeping by your side. Then, in around half a year, she will be carrying a mysterious baby, and you will be made to take responsibility.” <br/>
“…”<br/>
Oi oi oi, don’t joke around.<br/>
I am a virgin here.<br/>
Great Sage-sama must have caught onto my expression, she grinned.<br/>
“When that happens, I will use my Appraisal Skill to prove your virginity.” <br/>
“Can you please not?!” (Makoto)<br/>
That’s the kind where my virginity is exposed to the whole country! <br/>
“If you don’t want that to happen, don’t get close to that place.”<br/>
“Okay…” (Makoto)<br/>
Society is scary. <br/>
“Thank you very much for all the advice, Great Sage-sama… What’s the matter?” (Makoto)<br/>
I gave my thanks and was thinking about leaving the room already, but I felt the clinging gaze of the Great Sage-sama.<br/>
It is not an angry expression.<br/>
It is more like the expression of a cat in front of fish.<br/>
“I am hungry.” <br/>
Aah, that, huh.<br/>
“…Go ahead.” (Makoto)<br/>
I kneeled, opened my collar a bit, and offered my neck.<br/>
“Fufu, nice boy… *Ahm*.” <br/>
“!” <br/>
A slight pain and small pleasant feeling ran through my body.<br/>
Is my body getting used to it?<br/>
I don’t like that.<br/>
*Gulp gulp gulp*<br/>
I hear the gulping sounds of her throat.<br/>
It is an elegant way of drinking.<br/>
It is completely different from the vampire I met a few days ago.<br/>
Now that I think about it, he was also a demon from 1,000 years ago.<br/>
Maybe she knows him?<br/>
“Great Sage-sama, do you know of the demon, Setekh?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Don’t talk to me while I am eating. Of course I know. It is a problematic enemy. Right, you were apparently petrified by him. Well, he doesn’t eat people. He only thinks about petrifying.” <br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
Doesn’t eat people…?<br/>
“Great Sage-sama, what do you mean by that?” (Makoto)<br/>
“You didn’t know? Setekh was originally a weak undead, and was made stronger with the Awakening of Iblis. A price for that was that he now has a curse where ‘he can’t attack people’. He can’t drink the blood of people. He was looked down upon by his demon brethren as a half-assed vampire…but those Petrification Eyes are a threat for us.” <br/>
So there were those circumstances.<br/>
No wonder he didn’t try to drink the blood of Prince Leonard, Janet-san, and I.<br/>
“Did you talk to him?” <br/>
“Yeah, when I told him the last words of Bifrons, he got happy.” (Makoto)<br/>
But if he can’t attack people, he isn’t that much of a threat?<br/>
No, he incapacitated most of the elf warriors with his petrification.<br/>
He really is a threat.<br/>
“Oi! You had a conversation with Bifrons?!” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama got flustered for the first time.<br/>
“Y-Yeah…a bit.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Impossible… He shouldn’t have had any of his self remaining… If I remember correctly, at that time…” <br/>
The small Sage-sama trembles.<br/>
“…What did he say?” <br/>
“Uhm, it seemed like he didn’t remember much of himself. He did say ‘who am I?’.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Did he say anything about Abel? Or maybe someone of 1,000 years ago?” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama questions with a serious expression.<br/>
Hmm, not really…<br/>
“I don’t think he did.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…I see. That’s fine then.” <br/>
I can’t see the expression of the Great Sage-sama when she hangs her head down.<br/>
What was that?<br/>
The gulping sounds return.<br/>
(Hmm, so bored. Also, I am providing my blood here, so I wouldn’t want to do so for free.) (Makoto)<br/>
Since I have the chance…<br/>
I should ask for some advice.<br/>
“Great Sage-sama, how can I get stronger?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…That’s sudden. You are the Hero that defeated a Demon Lord, you know?” <br/>
As I said, I didn’t defeat him.<br/>
The Demon Lord himself wished for death.<br/>
“My fighting style is showing its limits already.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Fumu. But your stats are the lowest in humanity, Spirit User-kun. I think you are fighting well by covering it up with Spirit Magic and your sacred treasure though…” <br/>
 “But I couldn’t keep up with the battle of the Crimson Witch, and if Bifrons felt like it, I would have died.” (Makoto)<br/>
I can’t help but feel like there’s a thick wall between them and me.<br/>
I feel like…I can’t go on like this.<br/>
“…You want to get stronger? But if you want to get dramatically stronger than what you are now…you would have no choice but to give up your humanity.” <br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Don’t take me seriously. For example; let’s say I make you a vampire. Your physical capabilities will most likely increase.” <br/>
“Ooh!” (Makoto)<br/>
“The price for that would be that you wouldn’t be able to use Spirit Magic anymore. Spirits don’t like undead.” <br/>
“…That won’t work then.” (Makoto)<br/>
So that’s a no go, huh.<br/>
In the first place, I have no intention of becoming a vampire.<br/>
“Don’t make that face. You can rely on me more. Do you know what you and I are called in the Sun Country?” <br/>
“We are being treated as lovers, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
According to Princess Noel.<br/>
“What, so you did know.” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama puckers her lips unamused.<br/>
What reaction was she expecting?<br/>
Anyways…<br/>
“Isn’t it enough blood already?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Just a bit more.” <br/>
Even if you say that with a cute upward glance.<br/>
“…I am getting anemic here.” (Makoto)<br/>
She is sucking a whole lot today! <br/>
By the way, the Great Sage-sama is on my lap.<br/>
She is straddled in front of me and has her legs wrapped around my waist.<br/>
Looking at it with RPG Player, this is quite the questionable position.<br/>
(I don’t want Lucy and Sa-san to see me looking like this.) (Makoto)<br/>
“Waah, Boyfriend-kun is cheating!” <br/>
““?!””<br/>
Someone suddenly appeared in the room.<br/>
“Rosalie-san!” (Makoto)<br/>
She went as far as teleporting?<br/>
“Oi, Crimson Lass! Did you come here to interrupt my meal?” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama instantly had her mood turned sour. She showed her fangs and glared.<br/>
“That’s right! You entered my turf without permission, so fight me! This time around, I will win!” (Rosalie)<br/>
“Lass, I will show you the difference in experience.” <br/>
That moment they said this, the two of them disappeared.<br/>
(…Teleport?) (Makoto)<br/>
Moreover, chantless.<br/>
I really can’t imagine myself fighting against people of that level.<br/>
At that moment…the sound of explosions rang at the sky outside.<br/>
Looks like the Great Sage-sama and Rosalie-san are fighting.<br/>
(Uwah, they are shooting monarch spells consecutively.) (Makoto)<br/>
That’s crazy.<br/>
The battle of the Great Sage-sama and the Crimson Witch continued for the whole night.<br/>
 