[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c151](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/09/28/wm-chapter-151-takatsuki-makoto-appears-in-the-fire-country/)
<br/><br/>
The morning of the next day.<br/>
“…In the future, I won’t pick a fight with the Great Sage-sama… I am deeply reflecting on this; deeper than the Deep Sea Temple…” (Rosalie)<br/>
Rosalie-san is prostrating and hanging her head down heartbroken.<br/>
(…Wow, she got a perfect victory against the Crimson Witch.) (Makoto)<br/>
There’s not a single scratch on the Great Sage-sama.<br/>
Well, she is an undead, so her wounds might have regenerated immediately though.<br/>
“Why do you take the brute force approach so much…? Even though you pass me in talent alone.” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama crossed her arms in exasperation, and looked down at Rosalie-san.<br/>
“…Geez, Mama…” (Lucy)<br/>
“Do the Great Sage-sama and your mama not get along?” (Aya) <br/>
“It is just Mama one-sidedly making her her rival. Even though it is obvious she can’t win.” (Lucy) <br/>
I hear the conversation of Lucy and Sa-san.<br/>
Lucy is merciless towards her own mother.<br/>
Furiae-san seemed to not be interested in this, she is rubbing the chin of the black cat.<br/>
“…Kuh, I will remember this for next time.” (Rosalie)<br/>
“You…You haven’t reflected at all.” <br/>
Rosalie-san glared at the Great Sage-sama bitterly, and the Great Sage-sama sighs heavily. <br/>
The Great Sage-sama really is the number one mage of the continent.<br/>
I was looking at them absentmindedly, and Princess Sofia got close.<br/>
“Hero Makoto, it is about time we depart from the Wood Country. We stayed here for quite a long time.” (Sofia)<br/>
“Got it, Sofia.” (Makoto)<br/>
I nodded at the words of Princess Sofia.<br/>
I have already recovered, so I guess we should head to the Fire Country, Great Keith.<br/>
“Let’s return in our carriages till Makkaren. The carriages have monster repelling magic on them.” (Sofia)<br/>
“Right. Let’s head to Great Keith using the Flying Ship at Makkaren.” (Makoto)<br/>
In the Fire Country territory, there’s apparently no flying dragons. <br/>
There’s Sand Dragons on the way, but they are the type that can’t fly.<br/>
“Wait, you people.” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama stopped us.<br/>
“What’s the matter?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Don’t return to the base of the Spirit User-kun. There’s Sun Country nobles waiting for you there.” <br/>
“Geh.” “Eh?” <br/>
I frowned at that, and Princess Sofia let out her surprise.<br/>
“It isn’t strange. It is already known that the base of Spirit User-kun is a city at the edge of the Water Country. Then, the best choice would be to wait for you there.” <br/>
“But that’s troubling…” (Makoto)<br/>
We can’t use the Flying Ship if we don’t return to Makkaren.<br/>
“What should we do?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Right… It will take time, but we have no choice but to go through the land route then…” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia and I looked at each other and pondered. <br/>
“Spirit User-kun, I have a good method.” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama looks at the prostrating Rosalie-san meaningfully.<br/>
“Oi, Crimson Lass, send them there with your super super long distance Teleport.” <br/>
“Eeeh\~, but I can only bring one person at a time\~!” (Rosalie)<br/>
“Then use it several times. You have pointlessly high mana, so use it for something.” <br/>
Oh, we can do that?<br/>
I go to where Lucy is and whisper to her.<br/>
“Lucy, is it okay to ask for your mother for this?” (Makoto)<br/>
“She normally would find it a pain and won’t do it, but with the Great Sage-sama telling her to, I think she might.” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy also whispers back.<br/>
Right. Asking the legendary hero of the Wood Country an odd job like this makes me feel a bit bad though.<br/>
But this really helps us out.<br/>
“I don’t wanna\~!! That’s a pain! You do it then! You are the Great Sage and all!” <br/>
“I am not like you. I don’t have any leeway to waste my mana. I have to prepare myself for the revival of the Great Demon Lord. You elves have a surplus of mana, so use it for the sake of the Hero.” <br/>
“Haah… Can’t be helped. Boyfriend-kun, when you are ready, I will bring you there.” (Rosalie)<br/>
“T-Thank you very much.” (Makoto)<br/>
Looks like it has wrapped up.<br/>
We hurriedly prepared to depart.<br/>
We finish the farewells with the Village Chief, the Wind Tree Hero Maximilian-san, the Wood Oracle Flona-san, and the people of the Kanan Village.<br/>
“Makoto-dono, let’s meet again in the Northern Expedition! Next time, let’s fight the Demon Lord together!” (Max)<br/>
“Yeah. Stay well too, Maximilian-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
I exchange handshakes with the Wind Tree Hero.<br/>
The number one harvest this time around was getting along with Maximilian-san.<br/>
His hand is rugged and big.<br/>
Compared to that, mine is like that of a child.<br/>
“Are you ready? Then, the first one will be Lucy\~.” (Rosalie)<br/>
“Eeh, me first?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Lu-chan’s Mother-san, I am fine with being the first.” (Aya)<br/>
“I prefer being last.” (Furiae)<br/>
When I looked at where Rosalie-san is, the group was making noise about the order of Teleportation.<br/>
I think the Guardian Knight Old Man of Princess Sofia could go first though.<br/>
He must have gone there sometime after all.<br/>
Aah, Lucy was taken first.<br/>
(Okay, I should also prepare myself for departure.) (Makoto)<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“That was the last one…” (Rosalie)<br/>
Rosalie-san says this languidly.<br/>
She has bags under her eyes.<br/>
She probably used Teleport too much and her mana has dropped really low.<br/>
…Is she okay?<br/>
“Rosalie-san, thank you very much.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Aah, I was wrung out\~. Damn it, that Great Sage, I won’t lose next time!” (Rosalie)<br/>
Saying this, a magic circle appears around Rosalie-san.<br/>
The amount of magic circles are more than the many other times she used Teleport before.<br/>
(The magic circles are different?) (Makoto)<br/>
“Rosalie-san, where are you going? Those magic circles…are different from the ones until now, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh? Mama, you are not returning to the village?” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy reacts to my words.<br/>
“Ara, Boyfriend-kun, you are good. You are properly looking at the magic circles. I am going to the moon to train again! I still haven’t reached the Great Sage after all!” <br/>
“U-Uhm…before challenging the Great Sage-sama, I would like you to cooperate in the Demon Lord subjugation of the Northern Expedition though…” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia says nervously towards Rosalie-san who is spinning her arm.<br/>
True! This is not the time to be fighting amongst ourselves.<br/>
“Aah, what father was saying, right? Half a year later you will be going to pick a fight in the Demonic Continent, was it? Okay. I will be participating too, so leave me a Demon Lord to defeat, okay?!” (Rosalie)<br/>
Saying this, Rosalie-san disappeared with Teleport.<br/>
What a free person.<br/>
Leaving that aside, we have arrived at the Fire Country, Great Keith.<br/>
The ones here are Lucy, Sa-san, Furiae-san (a black cat on her shoulder), and Princess Sofia with her bodyguards.<br/>
“Hey, Takatsuki-kun! This is Great Keith, huh!” (Aya)<br/>
With the words of Sa-san, I look around at the capital of the Fire Country, Gamuran.<br/>
It is a city that’s white all around.<br/>
The buildings are built from sun-dried bricks? <br/>
The clothes people are wearing are mostly white. <br/>
There’s a lot of people whose skin color is darkish. <br/>
(It is like the arabian night world…) (Makoto)<br/>
A view that reminded me of the so-called Middle East in our world.<br/>
And most of all…<br/>
(It is hot…) (Makoto)<br/>
I feel like the temperature is close to 40°C.<br/>
Even though the latitude shouldn’t be that different from the Water Country…<br/>
The difference is apparently due to the power of the Fire Goddess, Sol-sama.<br/>
Great Keith is a tropical country. <br/>
I prefer it being hot.<br/>
If I set Clear Mind at 99%, it doesn’t bother me much.<br/>
The problem is…<br/>
(…There’s no Water Spirits at all.) (Makoto)<br/>
When I learned about the climate of Great Keith in the Water Temple, I had a feeling it would be like that.<br/>
Looks like I won’t be of much use in this country…<br/>
I let out a small sigh.<br/>
“Sofia-sama, the procedures to enter the country have been finished.” <br/>
The Guardian Knight Old Man came over noisily. <br/>
It would be bad if we were to just enter illegally in the capital with Teleport, so we are going through the procedures in that part.<br/>
But Rosalie-san said ‘Eh? I always enter as I see fit, and leave when I wish to though?’.<br/>
I wonder where she forgot her common sense?<br/>
“Then, let’s go to the inn I always use. Hero Makoto, you have contacted your friend, right?” (Sofia)<br/>
“Yeah, when I told Fuji-yan, he said he was on his way here.” (Makoto)<br/>
I contacted Fuji-yan with a transmission magic tool.<br/>
It seems like Fuji-yan had some business in the Fire Country in good timing. <br/>
We can apparently meet up in 2-3 days.<br/>
We can stay in the same inn as Princess Sofia until then.<br/>
“It is hot. Let’s move already.” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san is wiping off her sweat with her hand.<br/>
Her clothes are a bit disheveled, and she is flapping the chest area to create wind.<br/>
Each time she fans with her clothes, her chest is giving out an exquisite charm from the teasing.<br/>
“““……”””<br/>
The men passing by all stopped their feet and were staring. <br/>
We are standing out.<br/>
“Lu-chan, are you okay?” (Aya)<br/>
“It is hot… Uuh, Aya’s skin is cold…” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy, who couldn’t stand the heat, was being carried on Sa-san’s back. <br/>
We should move quickly. <br/>
We departed to the inn.<br/>
On the way, we were taught about the Fire Country by Princess Sofia.<br/>
The Fire Country is a militaristic country that dispatches their army on the request of other countries. <br/>
It is a land that isn’t fit for agriculture, but hunting and fishing are apparently prosperous. <br/>
They have also placed strength in the trading side.<br/>
There’s presently a lot of people in the capital.<br/>
The reason for that is apparently because of the greatest martial arts tournament that will be happening soon.<br/>
The winner of the martial arts tournament will become the Fire Country’s Country Designated Hero, and is promised the best treatment from the country for 1 year. <br/>
(There really are a lot of differences between countries.) (Makoto)<br/>
I listen to the talk of Princess Sofia as I observe the city with RPG Player.<br/>
And then, after a while, at the time when we were resting for a bit…<br/>
Princess Sofia and the girls were drinking cold fruit juice at a shop.<br/>
I was at a place a bit further away, searching for any Water Spirits.<br/>
…Yeah, can’t find any.<br/>
Just then…<br/>
*Kiiin*<br/>
The Detection Skill’s alarm began to ring.<br/>
(Eh? We are in the middle of the city though?) (Makoto)<br/>
Detection suddenly activated, but I can’t tell the location of the enemy.<br/>
“W-Watch out! Takatsuki-kun!” (Aya)<br/>
I was held by Sa-san and was taken away from my position in an instant. <br/>
At the next second…<br/>
*BAM!*<br/>
At the place where I was walking just a moment ago, something heavy landed, creating a thunderous sound, and a cloud of dust was made.<br/>
B-Bombing?! <br/>
Terrorist attack?! <br/>
But once the cloud of dust calmed down, the shadow of someone showed up.<br/>
A human fell?<br/>
“…Aah, it was evaded. As expected of the Hero-sama that defeated a Demon Lord.” <br/>
The one who said this with a tone as if playing dumb was a woman. <br/>
Darkish skin, glossy black hair, narrow eyes like that of a carnivorous cat, and a slender and toned body of a female warrior.<br/>
She is wearing lightweight equipment, but her shoulders and legs are showing their skin.<br/>
However, the fact that I don’t feel like she is lacking protection must be because of the massive Aura I feel around her body. <br/>
“Nice to meet you… I am the Scorching Hero, Olga Sol Tariska…” <br/>
With eyes that make me question where she is even looking at, the attacker introduced herself with an aloof tone.<br/>
“Hey…want to fight to the death with me?” (Olga)<br/>
That woman warped her mouth into a crescent smile.<br/>
A dangerous person appeared! <br/>
 