[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c152](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/10/02/wm-chapter-152-takatsuki-makoto-gets-attacked/)
<br/><br/>
“Now, let’s kill each other.” <br/>
This exotic brown skinned beauty made a crazy statement from the onset.<br/>
From her body, there’s an orange colored Aura wafting from her.<br/>
(The Scorching Hero…Olga Sol Tariska. The Fire Goddess’s Hero…) (Makoto)<br/>
Our objective is to meet the Hero and Oracle of Great Keith. In that sense, it does match with our objective.<br/>
However, the Hero in battle stance in front of my eyes doesn’t look like someone I can have a reasonable talk with.<br/>
“?!” <br/>
By the time I noticed, the fist of the Scorching Hero was approaching.<br/>
Crap! <br/>
(E-[Evade]!) (Makoto)<br/>
I just barely…can’t evade it! <br/>
I felt an impact from around my shoulder and was sent flying.<br/>
Ouch…<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san’s voice reverberates.<br/>
“Oh…? It hit?” (Olga)<br/>
The Scorching Hero Olga tilted her head cutely.<br/>
You punched me! <br/>
“You! What are you doing?!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san attacked the Fire Hero.<br/>
“Woah, that surprised me.” (Olga)<br/>
She is saying she is surprised, but she dealt with the attacks of Sa-san without getting flustered at all.<br/>
Seriously? The physical attacks of Sa-san are not working?! <br/>
“Kuh!” (Aya)<br/>
I can see the agitated expression Sa-san.<br/>
[Water Magic: Ice Needle].<br/>
I aim for a blinding attack to assist Sa-san.<br/>
Without any Water Spirits, this is my limit! <br/>
“Hm?” (Olga)<br/>
She evaded it so naturally! <br/>
I activated it right in her eyes, and yet…she managed to evade it the very moment she saw it?<br/>
“Annoying.” (Olga)<br/>
“Guh!” (Makoto)<br/>
She had been attacked by Sa-san for a while now, but she is somehow in front of me.<br/>
[Evade]! <br/>
“Geho!” (Makoto)<br/>
A heavy impact resonates in my stomach.<br/>
I can’t evade at all?! <br/>
She is doing follow-up attacks the moment she sees the Evade activating.<br/>
“What are you doing to Takatsuki-kun?!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san uses the Action Player’s Dash Attack.<br/>
“Heeh…you are cute, yet strong.” (Olga)<br/>
The Fire Hero easily evaded it and countered her.<br/>
“Aguh!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san was sent flying! <br/>
She crashed into the wall of a house nearby.<br/>
“Aya!” (Lucy)<br/>
I hear the scream of Lucy.<br/>
Damn it, what’s with this monster?! <br/>
Is Sa-san okay?<br/>
“Oi, what’s going on, what’s going on?” “Olga-sama is going wild.” “Again? Who is she fighting with this time?” <br/>
The people who heard the ruckus were gathering.<br/>
What. Is this a custom?<br/>
“Stop it, Hero Olga!” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia’s sharp voice reverberated.<br/>
The movements of the Fire Hero stopped cleanly.<br/>
“Hm\~? Eh, it is Sofia-chan\~.” (Olga)<br/>
The Fire Hero waves her hand with a smile.<br/>
“Olga! What are you thinking?! Attacking my country’s Hero and his comrade!” (Sofia)<br/>
“It was just a bit of a greeting\~.” (Olga)<br/>
She had a frivolous expression and doesn’t look apologetic at all.<br/>
(…Why did we get in this mess right as we entered this country?) (Makoto)<br/>
She was targeting the Water Country’s Hero blatantly.<br/>
“My expectations were high after I heard that he defeated a Demon Lord and Geralt though\~. Haah\~, such a disappointment. See ya\~.” (Olga)<br/>
Narrowing her eyes as if glancing at me from above, she laughed first before leaving. With a single jump, she disappeared somewhere else.<br/>
“What’s with that woman…” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san was hiding in the shadows all scared.<br/>
Sorry, even though I am your Guardian Knight, I forgot about you.<br/>
“Sa-san!” (Makoto)<br/>
I hurriedly run towards the place where Sa-san was sent flying off to.<br/>
Lucy is looking after Sa-san.<br/>
It doesn’t look like she is seriously injured…<br/>
Sa-san looked at me and said…<br/>
“Sorry, Takatsuki-kun… I lost.” (Aya)<br/>
“No, that woman was a loony.” (Makoto)<br/>
There’s no need for Sa-san to be bothered by it.<br/>
I am glad she is okay.<br/>
“Hero Makoto, people are gathering. Let’s first move to a place where we can rest.” (Sofia)<br/>
“Right. We have to let Sa-san rest.” (Makoto)<br/>
We return to the inn with quick steps.<br/>
◇<br/>
We arrived at the inn, and the Guardian Knight Old Man, Princess Sofia, and I gathered at a big room.<br/>
The battle of just now must have been a shock for Sa-san, she has shut herself in her room.<br/>
Lucy and Furiae-san are trying to console her.<br/>
(I should check on her state later…) (Makoto)<br/>
“Hero Makoto…I am sorry. I have submitted a complaint in regards to the rude act of the Fire Hero.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia’s shoulders were trembling.<br/>
It was irritating for me as well, but it seems like Princess Sofia’s anger is even higher than that.<br/>
I set Clear Mind at 99% and speak.<br/>
“What’s the deal with the Fire Hero suddenly attacking us?” (Makoto)<br/>
She clearly attacked us knowing that we came here.<br/>
This is definitely not something you do towards a country’s Hero with the princess present. <br/>
“This time’s attack…the higher ups of Great Keith might be involved in it.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia looks down as she mutters this.<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
The higher ups of Great Keith?<br/>
What’s with that?<br/>
“Hero-dono, Great Keith is the second biggest country… This is just a possibility, but Great Keith most likely doesn’t find it pleasing that the Water Country has defeated a Demon Lord. The weakest of the six countries, Rozes, stole the march and managed to obtain the achievement of defeating a Demon Lord. This is thought of as damaging the reputation of the second strongest country.” <br/>
The Guardian Knight Old Man said vexed.<br/>
“Great Keith has apologized for the rudeness of their Hero… However, for some reason, there’s a rumor going around saying: ‘the Water Country’s Hero, Makoto, was no match for the Fire Country’s Hero, Olga. Him defeating the Demon Lord was just purely luck’. That rumor must have been spread by someone from Great Keith.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia bites her lips.<br/>
“Then, me losing must have been bad for Rozes itself…” (Makoto)<br/>
That’s bad.<br/>
But in that place that had no Water Spirits, there was mostly nothing I could do.<br/>
“N-No! It is not like the achievement of stopping the revival of a Demon Lord is gone!” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia hurriedly follows up.<br/>
“That’s right, Hero-dono. Also, Princess Noel has been widely stating numerous times that she is in good relations with Rozes. That must have greatly influenced the reason as to why Great Keith came out doing such a violent action like this.” <br/>
“Highland and Great Keith have been contending in the militaristic standing. They must have gotten flustered at the Water Country jumping into their midst.” (Sofia)<br/>
“Haah, that sounds complicated…” (Makoto)<br/>
A mess between countries, huh. <br/>
That’s complicated stuff for a regular person like me.<br/>
Well, it has nothing to do with me.<br/>
I will just do my job as a Hero.<br/>
“Hero-dono, I will say this just in case, but I think one of the reasons why Princess Noel is incredibly good willed towards us is because Makoto-dono is a close friend of the Light Hero, Sakurai-sama.” <br/>
“Hm?” (Makoto)<br/>
I quiver at the words of the Guardian Knight Old Man.<br/>
“Hero Makoto…are you thinking this has nothing to do with you? The relationship between you two is already well known around the six countries, you know?” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia sighs amazed.<br/>
Eeeh…No, it is true that we have known each other since childhood, but…<br/>
“Even so, I didn’t expect that would bring a situation like this… I am sorry. We shouldn’t have come to Great Keith… Let’s return to Rozes at once.” (Sofia)<br/>
“No no no, you have done nothing wrong, Sofia. The one at fault is the Fire Country’s people.” (Makoto)<br/>
I hurriedly tried to comfort Princess Sofia who was feeling down.<br/>
“Also, if we were to leave immediately, it would look like we ran away. That wouldn’t leave a good image. We already came here, so we have to bring something back.” (Makoto)<br/>
That’s just a pretext. The truth is that I am pissed by the Fire Hero suddenly attacking us and making Sa-san feel down.<br/>
Going back like this would not appease me.<br/>
“…Understood. But please stay put in the inn for a while please.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia probably knows how I am feeling. <br/>
I nod obediently.<br/>
I am not thinking about suddenly getting back at her.<br/>
First is gathering information. Also…<br/>
(I am tired… I should sleep after checking at Sa-san.) (Makoto)<br/>
I went to the room of Sa-san, but it seemed like she was already asleep, so I couldn’t talk with her.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
The next day.<br/>
“Takki-dono! I heard that you fought Olga-dono and ended up heavily injured!” <br/>
“Takatsuki-sama! Are you hurt?! I have brought the most powerful potion of all, an Elixir! Please drink it quickly!” <br/>
Fuji-yan and Nina-san enter the room with outstanding vigor. <br/>
E-Eh?<br/>
Isn’t the story getting embellished?<br/>
“Fuji-yan, no one’s injured.” (Makoto)<br/>
If I remember correctly, an Elixir costs around 1,000,000G.<br/>
So it is medicine you have to drink…<br/>
I am a bit interested in the taste.<br/>
“Ooh…I came flying here after hearing about Takki-dono losing consciousness and being seriously ill. So that was fake information… That’s a relief…” (Fuji)<br/>
“Yeah, they are throwing rumors as they please.” (Makoto)<br/>
Is this also the work of Great Keith?<br/>
It really pisses me off.<br/>
I feel bad for worrying even Fuji-yan and Nina-san.<br/>
I explain the situation to them.<br/>
The relationship between the Sun Country and the Water Country, huh. <br/>
“I see… The Sun Country and the Water Country’s relationship. It is true that Highland has the reincarnation of the Savior, and Rozes has the Hero that defeated a Demon Lord and is the talk of the people right now; for other countries, that must be a threat.” (Fuji)<br/>
“…The talk of the people?” (Makoto)<br/>
I furrow my brows at the words of Fuji-yan.<br/>
“Oh? You didn’t know? Appearing gallantly in Spring Log, and together with the Crimson Witch-sama, the Hero saved them from peril. It is all talk about you, Takki-dono-desu zo.” (Fuji)<br/>
Oi oi, this one here is also embellished.<br/>
I got turned to stone and was bedridden at the end, you know?<br/>
“Moreover, the information is coming from the Wood Country that normally doesn’t show interest in other countries. It is talked around between merchants as a highly trustworthy rumor.” (Nina)<br/>
Nina-san adds while her ears go up and down.<br/>
(I didn’t know at all…) (Makoto)<br/>
I haven’t spoken with Fuji-yan lately, so I was lacking information. <br/>
I should pay more attention in the information gathering department. <br/>
After that, we shared information, and then, Fuji-yan stayed in the room, while Nina-san left to check the state of Sa-san.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“That must have been rough.” (Fuji)<br/>
“Yeah.” (Makoto)<br/>
Fuji-yan earnestly mutters.<br/>
We were drinking the tea that Nina-san prepared while we had our conversation.<br/>
I reported about the recent state of things first.<br/>
After that, we were having a casual talk.<br/>
A while later, I suddenly felt something strange from the face of my friend I haven’t seen in a while.<br/>
He must have hurriedly come to the capital of the Fire Country. <br/>
I thought it was probably because of the fatigue from the long journey, but his state was different from usual. <br/>
“Now that I think about it, you said that you had business here in Great Keith. What business?” (Makoto)<br/>
“That’s…it is just a business discussion.” (Fuji)<br/>
He is hiding something.<br/>
He would normally tell me in more detail.<br/>
“Is something troubling you?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…” <br/>
“I am not forcing you to tell me.” (Makoto)<br/>
Did I trouble him there?<br/>
“No…it is not really a secret or anything though.” (Fuji)<br/>
What is it?<br/>
He hesitated for a while.<br/>
I silently waited for his next words.<br/>
And then, Fuji-yan said in a low voice.<br/>
“Actually…it seems a classmate of ours is being held in the capital as a slave.” (Fuji)<br/>
Aah, so that’s what it was…<br/>
 