[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c153](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/10/04/wm-chapter-153-takatsuki-makoto-gets-advice/)
<br/><br/>
“Actually…it seems a classmate of ours is being held in the capital as a slave.” (Fuji)<br/>
What Fuji-yan said with a heavy tone was something unexpected.<br/>
(Slave…slave, huh…) (Makoto)<br/>
Slaves are by no means an abnormal thing in the West Continent. <br/>
However, I have rarely met a slave.<br/>
The reason is because Rozes doesn’t employ a slave system.<br/>
I think I heard from somewhere that this is a policy from the Rozes royalty. <br/>
(I hate slavery, you see\~, Mako-kun.) (Eir)<br/>
Ah, Eir-sama.<br/>
You were listening, huh.<br/>
Looks like it was an issue with the taste of their Goddess, Eir-sama.<br/>
In a religious country like Rozes, the inclinations of their Goddess would definitely have an influence.<br/>
(I-I also hate slavery, just so you know!) (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama…you don’t have to compete.<br/>
Anyways, there’s practically no slaves in Rozes.<br/>
Then, what about the other countries?<br/>
Highland, Great Keith, Camelon, Khaliran; they all have the slavery system.<br/>
The purpose of slaves are many: manual labor, military, and pleasure. <br/>
It doesn’t give a good image.<br/>
“And so…Fuji-yan, who is the classmate that became a slave?” (Makoto)<br/>
I hesitantly ask.<br/>
The only classmates I am close to are Fuji-yan and Sa-san, and there’s also Sakurai-kun, so I don’t think it is one of my friends.<br/>
Fuji-yan’s friend circle is large though…<br/>
“…Kawakita Keiko-dono-desu zo.” (Fuji)<br/>
Fuji-yan says the name of the classmate.<br/>
Hm…<br/>
(Who was that?) (Makoto)<br/>
I feel like I have heard that name…or maybe not?<br/>
“Eh?! Keiko-chan?!” (Aya)<br/>
The one who suddenly called from outside the room was Sa-san.<br/>
It seems like she passed by just at that moment.<br/>
“Sa-san, are you feeling okay now?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Y-Yeah, sorry for staying in bed yesterday. More importantly! What is that about Keiko-chan being a slave?! Fujiwara-kun!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san was shaking Fuji-yan by his shoulders with incredible force.<br/>
“P-Please calm down, Sasaki-dono. Keiko-dono was originally living in Highland, but it seems like she was deceived by a bad natured noble, and ended up shouldering a hefty debt… She has fallen into slavery, and I coincidentally found her in the goods that will be registered in the slave market soon.” (Fuji)<br/>
“N-No way!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san made a bitter face at the explanation of Fuji-yan.<br/>
Fuji-yan also had a pained expression.<br/>
(T-This is bad. I can’t say that I don’t even remember her face.) (Makoto)<br/>
“S-Sa-san, you were good friends with Kawakita-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
For now, let’s feign it with conversation.<br/>
“Yeah, we played together every once in a while. She has a bit of a rough personality, but she is a good girl.” (Aya)<br/>
“Right… Sasaki-dono and Keiko-dono were friends.” (Fuji)<br/>
A friend of Sa-san, huh.<br/>
Then I can’t ignore it. <br/>
“And so, you want to save Kawakita-san, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
With how the flow of events went, that should be the case.<br/>
“Yeah, we have to save her! But…how?” (Aya)<br/>
“Sa-san, if she is a slave, doesn’t that mean it can be solved with money? Isn’t that right, Fuji-yan?” (Makoto)<br/>
For us otherworlders, it doesn’t click, but in a broader sense, it is human trafficking. <br/>
Then, there should be no problem with the vast amount of capital Fuji-yan has.<br/>
“About that…it just won’t cut it.” (Fuji)<br/>
The response of Fuji-yan wasn’t a positive one.<br/>
The reason is because…an otherworlder slave has extremely high value.<br/>
Because of the powerful skills they have.<br/>
Kawakita-san also has rare Skills, making her value skyrocket.<br/>
“The slave market normally runs auctions, and the one who bids the highest is the one who becomes the owner. However, in the case of Keiko-dono, it has already been decided that she will be owned by a certain noble family. The reason they are purposely showing her to the public is apparently to show off the power of those nobles.” (Fuji)<br/>
“What’s with that…” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san shows displeasure at what Fuji-yan said.<br/>
It certainly is in bad taste.<br/>
(But Kawakita…Keiko-san, huh. No good, I can’t remember her at all. I feel like she is somewhere in my memories though.) (Makoto)<br/>
(Makoto, do you not remember the group of three in the Water Temple that were making fun of your rock bottom Stats?) (Noah)<br/>
(Group of three.) (Makoto)<br/>
When speaking of the people who made fun of me, it would be Kitayama, Okada-kun, and…Ah! I remember now! <br/>
The gal-looking girl that was together with those two! <br/>
It is not just that we aren’t close, she is totally the type I am not good at dealing with! <br/>
That girl, huh.<br/>
I see, she ended up as a slave.<br/>
In any case…<br/>
“Fuji-yan, you were on good terms with Kawakita-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
Sa-san is the social type, so she is an aside.<br/>
Kawakita-san is the total opposite of us gaming otakus. <br/>
“Keiko-dono…her house was in the neighborhood, and I knew her since kindergarten… It is true that I didn’t speak to her at all since the time I entered high school, but there’s no way I can just ignore the fact that she is becoming a slave…” (Fuji)<br/>
“I see, Fujiwara-kun and Keiko-chan were together in middle school too, right? So you were childhood friends!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san hammered her hands. <br/>
Hmm, is that so.<br/>
(In my case, if Sakurai-kun were to become a slave…no, it would be the opposite, huh. The chances of me becoming a slave are higher.) (Makoto)<br/>
In that moment, Sakurai-kun would gallantly appear to save me.<br/>
Yeah, it is scary how easily I can imagine that.<br/>
Wait, this is not the time to be thinking silly stuff.<br/>
(Well, what we should do has already been decided.) (Makoto)<br/>
“Then, Fuji-yan, let’s make a plan to save Kawakita-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah! Takatsuki-kun, let’s save Keiko-chan! Ah, Takatsuki-kun, I have something to talk to you about later…” (Aya)<br/>
“Eh? Okay, got it.” (Makoto)<br/>
A consultation from Sa-san, huh.<br/>
What will it be about?<br/>
“W-Wait, please! Takki-dono and Sasaki-dono, the one that has been decided to be the owner of Keiko-dono is a famous noble household even in Great Keith. Moreover, they are people that don’t lack in the dark rumor department. A forceful rescue holds risks…” (Fuji)<br/>
Fuji-yan hurriedly warns us. <br/>
“Fujiwara-kun, you shouldn’t fear danger when saving a friend!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san is so manly as always.<br/>
“Fuji-yan, when in trouble, we help each other out, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Takki-dono, Sasaki-dono…you have my gratitude-desu zo.” (Fuji)<br/>
We nodded.<br/>
“But how do we save her? Should I stealthily infiltrate and kidnap her?” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san proposes a radical thing. <br/>
“That would be impossible. Slaves have a Slave Collar, and that requires a magic code of 20 digits to take it off. The only one who knows the magic code is the chief of the slave association.” (Fuji)<br/>
“I see, then that won’t work.” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san droops her shoulders dejected.<br/>
“…Isn’t the Isekai security a bit too tight?” (Makoto)<br/>
It is a medieval fantasy, so make it looser there! <br/>
“The slave management is said to be the strictest in the world. They are dealing with life as their goods after all.” (Fuji)<br/>
“Haah…I don’t know what to say to that.” (Makoto)<br/>
What a distasteful world.<br/>
“And so, to save Keiko-dono, we have no choice but to have her appointed owners give us their ownership rights.” (Fuji)<br/>
“But those nobles are bad nobles, right?” (Aya)<br/>
“…They are said to be incredibly prideful. Also, really greedy.” (Fuji)<br/>
Don’t sound like decent people at all…<br/>
Sa-san and Fuji-yan were groaning.<br/>
(Hmm…) (Makoto)<br/>
I try arranging my thoughts.<br/>
Objective: Save classmate.<br/>
Enemy: Evil Nobles.<br/>
Cannot be cleared with regular methods.<br/>
Then…<br/>
“Got it, Fuji-yan. In other words, it is that, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hoh?” (Fuji)<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, you have a good idea?” (Aya)<br/>
Fuji-yan and Sa-san wait for my next words with anticipation.<br/>
With these many conditions gathered, there’s only one thing to do.<br/>
“Clear Conditions: Assassination of the evil nobles…right?!” (Makoto)<br/>
““……””<br/>
Silence takes over.<br/>
Oh?<br/>
“That’s not it, Takki-dono.” (Fuji)<br/>
“That’s wrong, Takatsuki-kun.” (Aya)<br/>
(Are you an idiot, Makoto?) (Noah)<br/>
I got retorted to by my two friends and Noah-sama. <br/>
E-Eh? <br/>
I was wrong, huh.<br/>
W-Well, of course, huh.<br/>
Sorry, I was thinking in game perspective.<br/>
Let’s rethink it.<br/>
Just when I was about to scratch my head and say ‘nah\~, that was a joke’…a kind voice resonated from the heavens. <br/>
(Mako-kun\~, if there’s a person you want killed, tell me beforehand, okay? I will tell the Fire Goddess, Sol-chan. If we coordinate this beforehand, there should be no problems☆.) (Eir)<br/>
“…Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
The usual voice of Eir-sama.<br/>
As if she were having a casual talk.<br/>
With a tone as if she were talking about the weather.<br/>
(U-Uhm…Eir-sama?) (Makoto)<br/>
(Hm? What is it, Mako-kun?) (Eir)<br/>
(Can something…be done?) (Makoto)<br/>
(Of course.) (Eir)<br/>
Of course…<br/>
(Well, there will be the need for an equivalent exchange though.) (Eir)<br/>
(You are going to be asking for something unreasonable again, right? Just telling you right now but no converting.) (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama retorts to Eir-sama.<br/>
(I could easily give the permission for assassination if Mako-kun were to convert to me though.) (Eir)<br/>
(…No, that’s a bit…) (Makoto)<br/>
This Water Goddess-sama really is a ruler to the bone. <br/>
It is as if she is listening to the selfish request of a child. <br/>
As if buying a toy they want. <br/>
That’s how she is setting the life and death of people. <br/>
“Takki-dono?” (Fuji)<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun.” (Aya)<br/>
I suddenly made a grim expression and froze in place, so the two called out to me in worry.<br/>
“Ah, sorry sorry. I was thinking whether there’s a good method.” (Makoto)<br/>
(I will put the suggestion of Eir-sama on hold, okay? In that case, please keep the price to something aside from conversion.) (Makoto)<br/>
I tell Eir-sama in my mind.<br/>
(Okay\~☆) (Eir)<br/>
(Makoto…be careful with making too many deals with Goddesses of other religions. It will bring your downfall.) (Noah)<br/>
(O-Okay, Noah-sama.) (Makoto)<br/>
Let’s be careful.<br/>
A deal with a Goddess.<br/>
This is a powerful trump card, but if not done with care, I feel like it might end up biting me back.<br/>
I direct my attention at the two in front of me for now.<br/>
Fuji-yan and Sa-san seem to be pondering for any ideas as well.<br/>
“Hey hey, how about asking Sofi-chan?” (Aya)<br/>
“Ah, that might be good.” (Makoto)<br/>
I agreed with the proposal of Sa-san.<br/>
It may be a foreign country, but Princess Sofia is royalty, so I don’t think they can ignore a request of her.<br/>
“That…there’s no knowing unless we try it, but the noble this time around is someone who can move even the military authorities of the Fire Country. Even with the Rozes royalty, there’s no assurance they will comply… Also, if we were to cause friction, it might bring trouble even to the Rozes royalty…” (Fuji)<br/>
“I see…” (Makoto)<br/>
The Rozes royalty’s authority really is weak in other countries.<br/>
“And so, I currently have a spy gathering information.” (Fuji)<br/>
“S-Spy…” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san’s eyes open wide.<br/>
Yeah, what Fuji-yan is doing is already not on the level of a highschool student.<br/>
“In other words, getting ahold of the other party’s weakness and bringing that to a negotiation table.” (Makoto)<br/>
Blackmailing feels like it is illegal too, but it is far more decent than assassination.<br/>
“No, that would be a bad move, Takki-dono. The other party is a noble that’s far higher in position. If we were to do something like that, it would just invite resentment. What I am investigating is for something the other party wants. For that person, it is not like they want Keiko-dono by any means, but simply as a piece of their collection. If we were to bring something that person desires more, they should accept the exchange.” (Fuji)<br/>
“I-I see…” (Makoto)<br/>
“As expected of Fujiwara-kun.” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san and I could only be impressed.<br/>
His view is completely different from a novice like me.<br/>
We really should leave this to Fuji-yan?<br/>
“By the way, what’s the name of that noble?” (Makoto)<br/>
“The third son of the Bunnahabhain household, Martin Bunnahabhain. He is from a distinguished family that has produced many naval officers. However, Martin-dono himself isn’t affiliated to the army, and is a person that just spends to fulfill his wants.” (Fuji)<br/>
Bunnahabhain household, huh… I don’t think I have heard of it before, but for a military country like Great Keith, it is said that you must not touch someone related to the army. <br/>
It is a problematic opponent…<br/>
“There may be little I can do, but I will try thinking of something.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah, me too!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san and I say this, and Fuji-yan thanked us with a ‘it would help greatly’.<br/>
But a prominent noble household, huh. <br/>
It won’t go so easy like clearing a dungeon.<br/>
Then, I suddenly remembered.<br/>
“By the way, what is it you wanted to talk about, Sa-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
I have to ask this before I forget it.<br/>
“I will be taking my leave here.” (Fuji)<br/>
“No, it is fine for you to stay here as well, Fujiwara-kun… You see…” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san scratched her cheek and then said with slight hesitation.<br/>
“I…was wondering if I could get stronger…” (Aya)<br/>
“Sa-san…” (Makoto)<br/>
She really was bothered by not being able to do anything against the Fire Hero.<br/>
“That was just me getting in trouble for being the Rozes Hero. You were just a victim there, Sa-san. Also, all those weird rumors going around are about me only anyways.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah, but if I didn’t easily lose to her, I am sure I would have been of help to you, Takatsuki-kun. That’s why I want to get stronger.” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san says with conviction.<br/>
“But Sasaki-dono, even if you were to become stronger, you can’t just pick a fight with the Fire Hero. She is an important person of the Fire Country. It isn’t assured that we can just meet her, you know?” (Fuji)<br/>
“True. The point is to fight her again.” (Makoto)<br/>
I nod at the words of Fuji-yan.<br/>
“That’s okay then! I heard from Sofi-chan. In the Fire Country’s Martial Arts Tournament that will be happening soon, the Fire Hero Olga will be having a special exhibition match. There’s no problem with that, right?” (Aya)<br/>
“Hoh…But the Fire Hero won’t be participating in the Martial Arts Tournament?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I have heard about that. It seems like the Fire Hero won 3 times in a row, and it ended up taking the heat from the tournament, so her participation was prohibited.” (Fuji)<br/>
“Seriously?” (Makoto)<br/>
She really has crazy fighting power.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun! How about it?” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san asks me, but her eyes were completely in fighting mode.<br/>
(Sa-san gets really stubborn in these scenarios after all.) (Makoto)<br/>
It would be pointless to try and stop her.<br/>
Well, there’s only one thing to do when talking about getting stronger.<br/>
I glanced at Fuji-yan and made eye-contact with him.<br/>
Fuji-yan nodded lightly.<br/>
(He must be thinking the same.) (Makoto)<br/>
“Fuji-yan, looks like the time for ‘that’ to be useful has come.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Right. I thought there would be no spotlight for it.” (Fuji)<br/>
“??” <br/>
Sa-san tilted her head, unable to follow the conversation of Fuji-yan and I.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, Fujiwara-kun, what do you mean by that?” (Aya)<br/>
I responded powerfully to the question of Sa-san.<br/>
“Sa-san, let’s raise your level and hit her hard.” (Makoto)<br/>
 