[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c154](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/10/08/wm-chapter-154-takatsuki-makoto-helps-out-in-leveling/)
<br/><br/>
Sa-san.<br/>
Real name: Sasaki Aya.<br/>
Due to reincarnating in another world, her current race is Lamia.<br/>
Level is 35.<br/>
Her Status easily passes that of the Gold Rank Nina-san.<br/>
And Sa-san hasn’t trained seriously once since coming to this world.<br/>
The reason why is because she was strong from the very beginning.<br/>
What she did at Laberintos was a survival lifestyle.<br/>
Also learning a bit of make-believe martial arts from Nina-san.<br/>
The weapon she uses is the one that was gathering dust in the treasury of the Rozes royalty, the Fierce God Hammer.<br/>
She normally doesn’t use it and mostly serves the purpose of an accessory.<br/>
Lucy trains for several hours every day (to the very limits of her concentration).<br/>
I train for 12 hours everyday (it ends when I lose consciousness).<br/>
The training time of Sa-san is zero.<br/>
“I am the behind-the-scenes supporter in the party of Takatsuki-kun after all.” (Aya)<br/>
Saying this, she would do all the luggage, make the food, and do the shopping.<br/>
Even with all that, the strongest in our party is Sa-san.<br/>
Lucy may be able to use Monarch Rank magic, but her magic control is bad.<br/>
As for me, I would be sent flying with a single flick of her fingers.<br/>
In other words, there’s no knowing how strong she would become if she were to seriously train.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“This place is cold though, Makoto!” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy, who is always wearing lightly, hugs herself and is trembling.<br/>
“That’s because you have that attire.” (Makoto)<br/>
I lent my own coat to Lucy.<br/>
“Hey…My Knight, what’s in a place like this?” (Furiae)<br/>
The one who has a blanket covering her whole body all the way to her head and only her face is peeking out is Furiae-san.<br/>
When I told her ‘that appearance isn’t elegant’, she punched me.<br/>
This place is several kilometers away from the capital Gamuran of Great Keith.<br/>
What’s called the Seat of Giants, Giganto Chair,  and the remote region of Table Mountains that has many mountains round up.<br/>
The highest summit of Table Mountains has an elevation of close to 1,000 meters, and this almost perpendicular cliff is something that people can’t climb with their feet alone.<br/>
And different from the scorching heat of the desert that are the plains of the Fire Country, the temperature of this plateau is abnormally low.<br/>
We are currently standing there.<br/>
“What an outstanding view.” (Fuji) <br/>
“Yeah, majestic.” (Makoto)<br/>
Fuji-yan and I looked down from the cliff into the vast orange land as we said this.<br/>
We came here with the Flying Ship of Fuji-yan.<br/>
“T-That’s dangerous, Takatsuki-kun.” (Aya)<br/>
“Danna-sama, please be careful.” (Nina)<br/>
Sa-san and Nina-san warned us while we were watching from close to the precipice.<br/>
We were too merry there, huh.<br/>
I turned my head over to Sa-san and said.<br/>
“Now, Sa-san, let’s go level up!” (Makoto)<br/>
“U-Uhm…okay. How?” (Aya)<br/>
Ah, right. I haven’t explained it yet.<br/>
We just suddenly brought them here.<br/>
“Allow me to explain, Sasaki-dono! Due to how tall this Table Mountain is, normal adventurers find it hard to come to, and there’s a lot of rare monsters living in it. Moreover, there’s the nest of monsters called Platinum Lizards that are great for leveling up!” (Fuji)<br/>
“Defeating a Platinum Lizard can bring you to max level in an instant. Isn’t that great, Sa-san?!” (Makoto)<br/>
“I-Is that so…” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san was a little pulled back in contrast to Fuji-yan and I who are excited.<br/>
Why?<br/>
“Hey, Makoto, why do you know that?” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy asked Fuji-yan and I.<br/>
“Oi oi, Lucy, isn’t it natural to search for the best leveling locations in RPGs?” (Makoto)<br/>
I made a ‘good grief’ gesture.<br/>
“For some reason, My Knight’s excitement is so high it is annoying…” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san looked at me coldly.<br/>
Man, they don’t get it.<br/>
“By the way, where’s this so-called Platinum Lizard?” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san looks around. <br/>
At the top of the 1,000 meters elevation, there’s a rock surface and short weed growing, and with just a glance, there’s no living being here.<br/>
“That’s right, Takatsuki-sama, Danna-sama. The Platinum Lizard is a monster that takes half a day just to find it. Moreover, it is a scaredy cat, so it rarely shows up in front of people. That’s why adventurers don’t go through the trouble of coming all the way here…” (Nina)<br/>
Nina-san looks over here worried.<br/>
Fufufu, there’s no holes in that part.<br/>
Fuji-yan and I grin.<br/>
“Lucy, please make fire. A big one.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh, okay. It is cold…so fine. [Fireball].” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy swung her staff and a giant fireball the size of a hut appeared.<br/>
“What should I do with this?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Maintain it like that for a while. Princess, please use Charm magic.” (Makoto)<br/>
Next, I ask Furiae-san.<br/>
“Me? Charm Magic to who?” (Furiae)<br/>
“Platinum Lizards like warm places. But because we are here, the scaredy Platinum Lizards won’t come out. Can you please bring them out with your Charm Magic?” (Makoto)<br/>
“You really work your people… Even though you abandoned me when the Fire Hero attacked.” (Furiae)<br/>
Oops, this is bad. <br/>
She is a bit angry.<br/>
“No no no, Princess was hiding, so I simply thought you were safe.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hmm, are you really telling the truth there? Haven’t you forgotten that you are my Guardian Knight?” (Furiae)<br/>
“It is okay, it is okay. I will properly guard you.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Hmph. If you forget, I won’t forgive you.” (Furiae)<br/>
I nervously give my excuse and it seems like she accepted it for now.<br/>
Furiae-san threw off the blanket she had on.<br/>
“Woah.” (Nina)<br/>
Nina-san hurriedly caught it. <br/>
“Then, here I go. I will be putting Charm Magic in my singing voice, so cover your ears, everyone…aside from My Knight.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Is Takatsuki-kun going to be okay?” (Aya)<br/>
“Is Makoto okay not covering his ears?” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san made dubious expressions at the words of Furiae-san.<br/>
“Charm magic doesn’t work on My Knight anyways.” (Furiae)<br/>
“You say that, but you aren’t trying to charm Makoto here, are you?” (Lucy)<br/>
“You must not, Fu-chan. Takatsuki-kun is a man of three.” (Aya)<br/>
“I won’t! Your eyes are scary!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san was slightly taken  aback by this.<br/>
Also, Sa-san, what’s that about being a man of three?<br/>
“…Hm, here I go.” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san takes a deep breath.<br/>
She places a hand on her chest and opens her mouth wide.<br/>
“\~\~\~\~♪.” (Furiae)<br/>
The clear voice of Furiae-san resonates. <br/>
Her beautiful voice that rides the wind made me feel as if it were healing me.<br/>
(That’s Furiae-san for you…) (Makoto)<br/>
It is a singing voice that can’t even be compared to the Harpy Queen’s singing I heard at Laberintos.<br/>
By the time I noticed, things like birds and insects were gathering around Furiae-san and were listening to her singing.<br/>
And then, small and shining lizards came out from the shadow of rocks. <br/>
They gathered close to the fireball of Lucy.<br/>
There were around 10.<br/>
“Ooh\~, they’ve come out. A whole lot, a whole lot.” (Makoto)<br/>
When I directed a smile at Furiae-san, what came back was an unamused gaze.<br/>
“…I used my best Charm Magic there that even managed to control a stray dragon though. You felt nothing?” (Furiae)<br/>
“It would be troubling if I did, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Get a little bit Charmed at the very least.” (Furiae)<br/>
Can you please stop trying to Charm me at every chance you get? <br/>
Are you Noah-sama?<br/>
I turn to where everyone is covering their ears at, and tap the shoulder of Sa-san.<br/>
{Sa-san, defeat them.} (Makoto)<br/>
{O-Okay… I feel bad for doing this though… But I have to get stronger!} (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san made a resolute expression.<br/>
She had her Fierce God Hammer in her hands.<br/>
The figure of Sa-san disappears.<br/>
The Dash attack of Sa-san’s Action Player combined with Stealth defeated the Platinum Lizards in an instant.<br/>
Sa-san leveled up in one go! <br/>
◇◇<br/>
“Hero Makoto, you went to a faraway place to level up, right? Is it okay not to rest?” <br/>
I was training in the garden of the inn, and Princess Sofia spoke to me from the back.<br/>
By the way, as expected from the lodging of Princess Sofia, there’s a garden with a pond and a fountain. There’s Water Spirits playing and having fun.<br/>
Or more like, there’s no Spirits unless there’s a waterplace like this.<br/>
I sat at the lawn of the garden while having fun talking with the Water Spirits and training my water magic.<br/>
By the way, Sa-san, Lucy, and Furiae-san went to the big bath after dinner, and they are apparently going to do a girl’s talk in their room.<br/>
Fuji-yan and Nina-san had work so they left.<br/>
“I will sit here, okay?” (Sofia)<br/>
“Okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
Princess Sofia sits just like me on the ground -on top of the lawn.<br/>
Moreover, she leaned her back on my back as if entrusting her body onto me. <br/>
“U-Uhm…” (Makoto)<br/>
The soft sensation of Princess Sofia’s skin could be felt from my back.<br/>
“You left only me out of it.” (Sofia)<br/>
She is talking to me with her back facing me, so we both can’t see each other’s faces…is what Princess Sofia must be thinking, but with RPG Player’s perspective change, I confirmed her expression.<br/>
(She is sulking a whole lot…) (Makoto)<br/>
I did leave her a message though.<br/>
It would have been better to tell her directly huh.<br/>
“Is the leveling up going well?” (Sofia)<br/>
Leaving aside her expression, her tone alone was calm as she asked this.<br/>
“She leveled up 30 times with just today alone.” (Makoto)<br/>
Man, as expected of the bundle of experience points, the Platinum Lizards.<br/>
It makes all the leveling up I have done until now feel stupid.<br/>
“T—30?!” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia obviously couldn’t maintain her calm there, she turned over here, and her long hair brushed the back of my head.<br/>
I also turned around, so we were facing each other at close distance.<br/>
““……””<br/>
We looked at each other for several seconds.<br/>
“T-Then, Aya-san must have gotten a lot stronger now.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia says with confidence in her face while  slightly red.<br/>
“No, sadly to say, it is still not enough. It seems it doesn’t reach the power of the Fire Hero.” (Makoto)<br/>
According to Sa-san.<br/>
They only fought for a bit, but she apparently is still far from reaching the Fire Hero Olga.<br/>
It is on a level that I can’t tell at all though.<br/>
The both of them are just way too strong.<br/>
“Do you think she will make it in time for the Martial Arts Tournament?” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia had a worried expression.<br/>
There’s around 2 weeks till the tournament in the Fire Country.<br/>
Princess Sofia has told them that Sa-san will be participating.<br/>
She got a bit worried, but she didn’t object to it.<br/>
It is apparently an event that takes in mind safety, so there’s no risk of death.<br/>
The Guardian Knight Old Man asked me ‘Hero-dono, you won’t participate…?’ as if it was regrettable. <br/>
I can’t use my Water Spirits after all.<br/>
“I will do what I can in the remaining 2 weeks. I have thought up of a hidden method too just in case.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Understood. I will be looking forward to it.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia’s expression softened.<br/>
But it soon turned into a stern one.<br/>
“One more thing. This is something I heard from Fujiwara-san but… I have heard that a comrade of yours has been made into a slave for the Bunnahabhain household…” (Sofia)<br/>
Kawakita Keiko-san, huh.<br/>
“About that, we are waiting for the investigation of Fuji-yan.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I am sorry… The Bunnahabhain household has a strong influence on the military in the Fire Country. Rozes often receives assistance from the Fire Country when there’s monster threats, so we can’t go too hard on this…” (Sofia)<br/>
She said saddened. <br/>
The other party really is strong, huh.<br/>
“It can’t be helped. Ah, but now that I think about it, can’t we have Sakurai-kun or Princess Noel talk with those nobles?” (Makoto)<br/>
The reincarnation of the Savior and the next ruler of the Sun Country.<br/>
But the expression of Princess Sofia is still gloomy. <br/>
“The Sun Country and the Fire Country may have a difference in national power as a whole, but in terms of military power, they are contenders. The Fire Country is aiming to obtain even more achievements than the Sun Country in the Northern Expedition. It would be hard to bring out this matter at this time…” (Sofia)<br/>
“I see…” (Makoto)<br/>
Well, Fuji-yan probably thought about this possibility a long time ago.<br/>
It really won’t be so easy, huh.<br/>
(If nothing works, there’s the deal with Eir-sama… But…) (Makoto)<br/>
The words of Noah-sama resurface in my mind.<br/>
‘Making deals with a God will invite your downfall’.<br/>
Relying on that is dangerous.<br/>
Let’s do this bit by bit.<br/>
That’s the only thing I can do.<br/>
“Isn’t it about time to rest? Staying late is bad for your health.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia says.<br/>
I was thinking about continuing my training for a bit more, but for some reason, she grabbed my arm.<br/>
“Hero Makoto, training too much is poison to the body. It is about time to sleep.” (Sofia)<br/>
“No, I want to train for a bit more…wait, don’t pull.” (Makoto)<br/>
Princess Sofia dragged me off with impressive strength.<br/>
(Well, not like I can resist…) (Makoto)<br/>
There’s no way I can win against the Water Oracle in physical strength.<br/>
That day, I was forcefully pushed into my own room.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
From then on, in the morning we would level up Sa-san.<br/>
At night we continued gathering information in the bars.<br/>
It has been 5 days since we arrived at the Fire Country.<br/>
Sa-san reached level 99.<br/>
 