[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c155](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/10/10/wm-chapter-155-takatsuki-makoto-asks-for-teachings/)
<br/><br/>
“Hello, Mako-kun. Congratulations on Aya-chan’s level 99\~☆.” <br/>
“Haah…thanks, Eir-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
The Water Goddess-sama waved her hand with a smile on her face.<br/>
How long is this Goddess going to be staying in the Deep Sea Temple?<br/>
This is the space of Noah-sama.<br/>
At her side there’s Noah-sama with a meek expression.<br/>
“What’s the matter, Noah-sama?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Makoto, you have caught the eye of a Goddess other than Eir.” (Noah)<br/>
For a moment I couldn’t understand what Noah-sama was saying and was troubled with my answer.<br/>
Caught the eye of another Goddess…?<br/>
“Defeating the Demon Lord Bifrons must have been the deciding factor. The Sun Goddess, Althena-neesama; and the Fire Goddess, Sol-chan have found out. Tee-hee☆.” (Eir)<br/>
“That’s your fault! What are you doing to do about it!” (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama went ‘kiiih!’ at the words of Eir-sama and raised her voice in anger.<br/>
“…That’s bad, isn’t it?” (Makoto)<br/>
Noah-sama is treated as an Evil God in this world.<br/>
That Apostle of hers has caught the eyes of the Holy Goddesses.<br/>
Not only that, the previous Apostle was a nutcase called stuff like the Maddened Hero.<br/>
“Well, your actions as of now have been in favor of the human race, so it should be okay.” (Noah)<br/>
“You say that, but the Fire Goddess’s Hero suddenly attacked me though.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hmm, that was something Olga-chan and the higher-ups of the Fire Country did themselves. It wasn’t the order of Sol-chan, Mako-kun.” (Eir)<br/>
Eir-sama easily tells me the background circumstances.<br/>
(So it really is as Princess Sofia expected.) (Makoto)<br/>
But the fact that the higher-ups of the Fire Country are involved isn’t that good of a picture.<br/>
Maybe there will be some sort of interference even in the Martial Arts Tournament…<br/>
“Hmm, I don’t think that’s going to happen, Makoto.” (Noah)<br/>
“Right. Sol-chan is the Goddess of War and has a straightforward personality. She despises cheating.” (Eir)<br/>
“I see.” (Makoto)<br/>
I heard something good there.<br/>
If the management side of the tournament were to set up something, Sa-san wouldn’t be able to win no matter what.<br/>
Looks like it can be a fair and square battle.<br/>
“Fufufu, will Aya-chan even be able to win in the first place?” (Eir)<br/>
“What a bad personality you have there. The reason why Makoto came to see us was because he wanted to ask us in regards to Aya-chan, right?” (Noah)<br/>
“Yeah.” (Makoto)<br/>
She saw through me.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
Today at noon, we all celebrated Sa-san becoming level 99.<br/>
Princess Sofia froze up when we told her that she went from 35 to 99 in 5 days.<br/>
The conversation I had with Sa-san at that time was…<br/>
“Sa-san, do you think you can defeat the Fire Hero Olga now that you are level 99?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hmmm…she wasn’t serious at that time, so I can’t tell for sure, but…I think that would be hard.” (Aya)<br/>
“No way! Not even the current Aya can win?!” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy showed a shocked expression.<br/>
Honestly speaking, I am surprised too.<br/>
The conversation at that time resurfaced in my mind.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“Fufu, Olga-chan’s level is 99 as well after all. She is a battle junkie.” (Eir)<br/>
“It is not only that. The Fire Goddess’s Hero can change heat into Aura. Just like how the Light Hero can change the sunlight into Aura. Olga-chan has an absolute terrain advantage in Great Keith.” (Noah)<br/>
Eir-sama and Noah-sama put it briefly.<br/>
So that’s how it is…<br/>
No wonder she was so damn strong.<br/>
“Then, there really is only that option left…” (Makoto)<br/>
I remember the discussion I had with Sa-san and Fuji-yan in the day.<br/>
I noticed after Fuji-yan pointed it out -the Inherent Skill of Sa-san.<br/>
The Action Player Skill, the Change Skill, and…<br/>
“The Evolution Skill…” (Makoto)<br/>
The Skill that’s written in the Soul Book of Sa-san.<br/>
I can assume its effect.<br/>
It is Evolution after all.<br/>
Even Magikarp can get crazy strong once it evolves into a Gyarados.<br/>
I am sure that if Sa-san uses the Evolution Skill, her power will increase further.<br/>
The problem is…<br/>
“You don’t know how to use Evolution, right?” (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama grins.<br/>
Ah, that face, she must know.<br/>
That’s great.<br/>
“Yeah. Not even Fuji-yan and Princess Sofia knew, and Lucy and Furiae-san didn’t know either.” (Makoto)<br/>
In the first place, there’s a lot of mysteries in regards to the life of monsters. <br/>
Unless you are a Monster Tamer, you wouldn’t have monsters as comrades.<br/>
I tried to investigate the Evolution method, but the Adventurer Guild’s information board and magic library didn’t have information about it. <br/>
“You see\~, Mako-kun, you need a certain item to be able to evolve…” (Eir)<br/>
“Daaah! You don’t have to say anything, Eir! Makoto came to see ME!” (Noah)<br/>
“Aah, please don’t fight, you two.” (Makoto)<br/>
We won’t get anywhere with that!<br/>
I have to get them to tell me information about Evolution.<br/>
“Listen clearly here, Makoto. You need a Magic Crystal in order to Evolve. You can’t evolve unless it is a magic crystal that has a lot of mana from a strong monster.” (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama raised a finger and said in a characteristic tone.<br/>
“Magic crystal…” (Makoto)<br/>
I check my coat’s pocket and take out a red magic crystal.<br/>
The magic crystal I picked up when the Demon Lord Bifrons fell.<br/>
Is it okay to use this?<br/>
“Nope, out.” (Eir)<br/>
“Uwa!” (Makoto)<br/>
Eir-sama suddenly hugged me from behind.<br/>
Hm? Wasn’t she in front of me just an instant ago?<br/>
“Makoto, not that one. Use the Lamia Queen’s magic crystal you got in Laberintos after defeating the Harpy Queen.” (Noah)<br/>
“Eeh, but…” (Makoto)<br/>
Won’t she be far stronger with the Demon Lord’s magic crystal?<br/>
Reading what I felt, Noah-sama says calmly. <br/>
“If you use the Demon Lord’s magic crystal, Aya-chan will become a Demon Lord, you know?” (Noah)<br/>
Eir-sama whispered in my ear.<br/>
“Ufufu, when that happens, you will have to subjugate Aya-chan.” (Eir)<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
What?! <br/>
“Well, it isn’t 100% the case, but a Demon Lord’s magic crystal is way too powerful. I advise you not to have Aya-chan use it.” (Noah)<br/>
“Yup yup, if it fails, her personality might change.” (Eir)<br/>
“T-There’s the possibility of failure?” (Makoto)<br/>
I didn’t think of that.<br/>
“With the Lamia Queen’s magic crystal, it is the same race, so it won’t fail.” (Noah)<br/>
“That’s a relief. No need to worry about that one then.” (Makoto)<br/>
I sigh in relief at the words of Noah-sama.<br/>
“Do you know how to use a magic crystal?” (Eir)<br/>
Eir-sama asks me kindly.<br/>
“No, how?” (Makoto)<br/>
Eir-sama is cooperative today.<br/>
“First of all, timing is important. If you are going to perform the evolution, it would be best to do it late at night at 0:00 o’clock. It is a Skill that lets you throw away your old self and be reborn anew. Perform the ritual of evolution at night when death is filling the world.” (Eir)<br/>
“Also, have her purify her body plenty. Make sure she has as few things on her body as possible. In other words, being conscious that she is in her ‘birthday suit’ is important.” (Noah)<br/>
“I see. Understood.” (Makoto)<br/>
Noah-sama continues the words of Eir-sama.<br/>
I seriously pay attention to the words of the two.<br/>
“And then, after the preparations are done, have her eat the magic crystal.” (Noah)<br/>
“Eat?!” (Makoto)<br/>
“That’s right. If her body has not reached a state where she can evolve, her body will simply take the mana into her body, but Aya-chan has plenty enough qualification to evolve.” (Noah)<br/>
“She has reached the max level, so I am sure she will become a splendid Lamia Queen.” (Eir)<br/>
I ruminate on the words of the Goddesses. <br/>
The process, conditions, required items.<br/>
(Okay, got it.) (Makoto)<br/>
With this, I will be able to tell Sa-san the method of evolution.<br/>
“Thank you very much, Noah-sama, Eir-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
I lowered my head deeply and thanked them.<br/>
While I had my head down, I thought of something.<br/>
If I were to eat the Demon Lord magic crystal in my hand…<br/>
“No problem… Makoto, even if you become level 99 and eat the Demon Lord’s magic crystal, you won’t be able to evolve.” (Noah)<br/>
“Mako-kun…you want to become a Demon Lord?” (Eir)<br/>
Noah-sama and Eir-sama retorted at the same time.<br/>
Reading my mind again…<br/>
“Of course that would be a no go, huh.” (Makoto)<br/>
I was joking. Joking. <br/>
I don’t have the Evolution Skill anyways.<br/>
…Unfortunately.<br/>
“Noah\~, Mako-kun just naturally thinks up dangerous things.” (Eir)<br/>
“Makoto is that kind of guy. Makoto, if you eat a Demon Lord magic crystal, your body wouldn’t be able to resist the massive amount of mana, and you would die without doubt.” (Noah)<br/>
“O-Okay…” (Makoto)<br/>
I would die, huh.<br/>
Even though I got a rare item, I have no ways of using it…<br/>
“Haah, it really was good that I kept an eye. Noah’s Apostle causes problems every time after all…” (Eir)<br/>
“Hm?” (Noah)<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Ah.” (Eir)<br/>
Noah-sama and I turn around at the words of Eir-sama.<br/>
“Eir…what did you say just now?” (Noah)<br/>
“Ei-sama, you were keeping an eye?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Ahaha☆” (Eir)<br/>
Eir-sama taps her head lightly as if saying ‘oops’.<br/>
It is cute, but not cute! <br/>
“But you already noticed, right? That the reason I was here was because of that.” (Eir)<br/>
Noah-sama warped her face in displeasure at her words.<br/>
“Somewhat, yeah. It must have been Althena or someone like that who told you to, right?” (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama spoke out the name of the top of the Six Great Goddesses. <br/>
“The one who told me to be careful of the party of Noah-sama’s Apostle was actually the Destiny Goddess, Ira-chan though\~. She has been cooped up lately and hasn’t shown herself though. To be more precise, she said to be careful of Noah’s Apostle and the Moon Oracle…” (Eir)<br/>
“That’s basically still Makoto’s party.” (Noah)<br/>
“…”<br/>
I felt something slightly disagreeable at what Eir-sama said.<br/>
The words of the Destiny Goddess, Ira.<br/>
It is said that she has the ability to see all the futures. <br/>
Why is she worried about our party?<br/>
“Just that Mako-kun and Furiae-chan seem like good people, you know. Mako-kun is dangerous sometimes though.” (Eir)<br/>
Eir-sama’s smile had absolutely no malice and gave out the air of kindness only. <br/>
Eir-sama is dark at times, but she is kind.<br/>
“Makoto, you are being fooled. There’s not a single Goddess with a good personality.” (Noah)<br/>
“Oh my, that’s harsh. That’s exactly right. Mako-kun, there’s no kind Goddess.” (Eir)<br/>
“You say that yourself?” (Makoto)<br/>
Well, this must be advice as well.<br/>
If the Goddess herself is saying it, I can only nod.<br/>
(Ah, right. I have to ask about this one last thing.) (Makoto)<br/>
“Noah-sama, Eir-sama, there’s no Water Spirits at all in the Fire Country.” (Makoto)<br/>
“That’s right, Makoto. That’s why, don’t do anything reckless.” (Noah)<br/>
“Yeah, that’s true. Mako-kun is of no use in the Fire Country.” (Eir)<br/>
Eir-sama’s so cruel! <br/>
The truth bites harder! <br/>
“That’s why I was actually thinking about this…” (Makoto)<br/>
I tried to consult about the ‘new battle strategy’ I thought of in these few days while I was training.<br/>
When I told them about it, the both of them made amazed expressions.<br/>
As if looking at a mad man.<br/>
“Hey, Mako-kun, if you are going as far as doing that, I think you should switch to me, the Water Goddess! I will give you Saint Rank Water Magic!” (Eir)<br/>
“Don’t try, Eir. This is how Makoto normally operates.” (Noah)<br/>
“You must be kidding. Isn’t that plain suicide?! Rozes doesn’t allow suicide!” (Eir)<br/>
“He is the kind of guy that would synchronize with a Fire Monarch Mage without affinity in it, and would try to control the Great Water Spirit, Undine, with magic proficiency of 200. The brake in his brain is broken.” (Noah)<br/>
“The two of you are so cruel!” (Makoto)<br/>
It was that bad of a tactic?<br/>
“It is bad. Out of the question. Sofia-chan would cry.” (Eir)<br/>
“But even if we say no, he would still do it. That’s Makoto.” (Noah)<br/>
As expected of Noah-sama, she gets me.<br/>
“I am not praising you.” (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama slapped my head.<br/>
I got a few pieces of advice about my tactic from the two Goddesses.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
At meal time the next day.<br/>
I was talking with the Goddesses for long, so I didn’t sleep much.<br/>
(…I am still a bit sleepy.) (Makoto)<br/>
But I have something to do.<br/>
We talked about what we will be doing from now on.<br/>
In order to save our classmate Kawakita-san, Fuji-yan is gathering information about the nobles who are the buyers, but it seems like he can’t find any certain information.<br/>
What we know is that Kawakita-san is in the slave market of the capital. In other words, she is in the building with the tightest security of all.<br/>
Kawakita-san has rare Skills, so she is being given a hospitable treatment. <br/>
The problem is that there’s only a few days left before the next slave auction.<br/>
“Fuji-yan, is there anything I can help you with?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Right…if there’s anything, I will tell you-desu zo.” (Fuji)<br/>
Fuji-yan’s response was the same as a few days ago.<br/>
His expression isn’t good.<br/>
He must be having it rough.<br/>
It is vexing that I can’t assist him much in these situations. <br/>
After that, we had a casual talk while having breakfast.<br/>
And then, at the time when we were having tea right after.<br/>
(Ah, right, I have to tell Sa-san about what Noah-sama told me about the Evolution Skill.) (Makoto)<br/>
I turn towards Sa-san who is drinking tea and munching on cookies.<br/>
“Sa-san, can you come to my room tonight, at around 11:00 p.m?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh? O-Okay.” (Aya)<br/>
If I remember correctly, I was told that the best time for Evolution was at 00:00.<br/>
““…””<br/>
I feel like the gazes of Lucy and Princess Sofia turned towards me.<br/>
But what’s important right now is the Evolution of Sa-san.<br/>
“Sa-san, before coming, make sure to clean every corner of your body. Also, come with as little clothing as possible.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh?!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san let out a bewildered voice.<br/>
Noah-sama did say that it would be best if she were to be conscious of it being her ‘birthday suit’.<br/>
““…””<br/>
The gazes of Lucy and Princess Sofia grew stronger.<br/>
Furiae-san seemed to not be interested, she was playing with the black cat.<br/>
I am still sleepy and the gears in my brain are not working well yet.<br/>
But I have to tell her about all the information the Goddesses gave me before I forget about it.<br/>
“U-Uhm, Takatsuki-kun, after taking a bath, and going to your room late in the night, what will happen to me?” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san fidgets as she looks at me with an upward glance.<br/>
What, did she forget about the Evolution Skill?<br/>
“A ceremony, of course.” (Makoto)<br/>
“C-Ceremony?!” (Aya)<br/>
Why is she so surprised about the evolution ceremony?<br/>
We talked about that before, you know?<br/>
“U-Understood. It will be my first time, but I will do my best.” (Aya)<br/>
“Yeah, I am looking forward to it.” (Makoto)<br/>
Just how strong will Sa-san become?<br/>
“I-I am a bit nervous…” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san’s face is red.<br/>
“It is okay. Leave it to me.” (Makoto)<br/>
I was taught by the Goddesses after all.<br/>
I must not fail.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun…be gentle, okay?” (Aya)<br/>
“Yeah, of course(?).” (Makoto)<br/>
I am just gonna be telling her how to do it though.<br/>
How can I do that gently?<br/>
“T-Takatsuki-sama, those kinds of talks should be done when you two are alone…” (Nina)<br/>
“Don’t go talking about that stuff early in the morning.” (Furiae)<br/>
Nina-san was incredibly tense, and Furiae-san looked at me with an ice cold glare.<br/>
Lucy and Princess Sofia were opening and closing their mouths at the side.<br/>
(Hmm\~?) (Makoto)<br/>
Wait…did I say something weird?<br/>
“Takki-dono…you have only been saying weird things till now-desu zo. For now, just wash your face and correct yourself.” (Fuji)<br/>
Fuji-yan followed up for me completely aware of what’s going on with his mind reading skill.<br/>
…I managed to correct the misunderstanding.<br/>
 