[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c156](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/10/14/wm-chapter-156-takatsuki-makoto-walks-through-the-capital/)
<br/><br/>
“How are you feeling, Sa-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
Sa-san safely evolved into a Lamia Queen.<br/>
By the way, I wasn’t allowed to see the moment of her evolution.<br/>
The ones present were Lucy and Nina-san.<br/>
Damn it, why?! <br/>
(Haah, Makoto…) (Noah)<br/>
(I pity Sofia-chan…) (Eir)<br/>
What is it, Goddesses?<br/>
“My body might be a bit heavy… I will be sleeping for today…” (Aya)<br/>
“Wouldn’t it be better to have a doctor give you a check-up, Sa-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
Sa-san is currently in her Lamia form, and she is lying flat on the bed.<br/>
Her important lower half is sticking out from the bed though.<br/>
“Is…Aya okay?” (Lucy)<br/>
“It seems my healing magic has no effect…” (Sofia)<br/>
Lucy and Princess Sofia are looking at Sa-san with worry.<br/>
“But her complexion is good, and there’s no abnormalities in her mana flow, so from what I can see, there’s no problems. Rather, her physical condition has been enhanced to the level of a dragon.” (Furiae)<br/>
According to the diagnosis of Furiae-san, Sa-san has obtained a dragon level body.<br/>
“Takki-dono, due to the Evolution, her level 99 has reset to 1. That radical change must have made her body panic. I think it would be best for her to rest.” (Fuji)<br/>
“I see… Got it. Just in case, I would like you to find a doctor with tight lips.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Takatsuki-sama! There’s no need to worry, we have already done so!” (Nina)<br/>
That’s Fuji-yan and Nina-san for ya.<br/>
Their consideration is perfect.<br/>
“Hey, Aya, do you need something?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Hmm, I want to eat something sweet…” (Aya)<br/>
“Then, I will peel some fruit for you.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Yaay.” (Aya)<br/>
Lucy is keeping Sa-san company.<br/>
Hmm, doesn’t look like there’s any need for me.<br/>
At that moment…<br/>
“Sofia-sama, a guest has come!” <br/>
The Guardian Knight Old Man ran in.<br/>
“We are busy here, have them leave.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia says straight.<br/>
“T-That’s…” <br/>
“Excuse the intrusion, Sofia.” <br/>
The one who cut in the words of the flustered Old Man was a brown skinned woman wearing light clothes like that of a dancer.<br/>
However, the accessories and her footwear are visibly extravagant.<br/>
At her back there’s two robust warriors that are most likely her bodyguards.<br/>
(A noble of Great Keith…?) (Makoto)<br/>
The fact that she is calling Princess Sofia without honorifics means that she is not a commoner.<br/>
“Dahlia, to think you would suddenly come…” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia responds with a bewildered expression.<br/>
I remember the name Dahlia.<br/>
…The Fire Oracle, Dahlia Sol Great Keith.<br/>
(…This person is the Fire Oracle.) (Makoto)<br/>
Now that I think about it, she has that same dignified presence like that of Princess Sofia. <br/>
Ah! Sa-san is still in her Lamia form! <br/>
When I check my back with the perspective change, I confirm that Lucy has covered Sa-san’s lower half with a blanket.<br/>
Nice!<br/>
“Oh my, is the person sleeping there the Warrior-san who will be participating in the Martial Arts Tournament? Also, could you possibly be the fiance of Sofia, the Rozes Hero? I apologize for the rudeness of my Guardian Knight before. Can you please forgive us?” (Dahlia)<br/>
I was given an apology with no feeling in it. <br/>
The Guardian Knight of the Fire Oracle…Olga Sol Tariska. <br/>
Her nickname is the Scorching Hero.<br/>
The battle junkie Hero that attacked us.<br/>
The Fire Oracle and the Fire Hero; they are apparently childhood friends.<br/>
The two are beautiful and have an idol-like popularity in the Fire Country.<br/>
(She might be the very person who kindled the incident with the Fire Hero…) (Makoto)<br/>
Just because she looks good doesn’t mean she is a good person.<br/>
I think it would be safer to think that she is a wicked person.<br/>
“Nice to meet you, I am Takatsuki Makoto.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I am happy to meet you. It may be hotter compared to Rozes, but I hope you enjoy your time here.” (Dahlia)<br/>
Saying this, she shook my hand tightly.<br/>
(So close.) (Makoto)<br/>
But rather than making my heart skip, I felt a chill from my back.<br/>
The eyes of the Fire Oracle Dahlia were appraising me as if she were a merchant looking at goods.<br/>
I wonder if, in her eyes, I look like gold, or trash.<br/>
“Dahlia, get away. If you have business, I will listen.” (Sofia)<br/>
“Oh my, I want to talk to Hero Makoto for a bit more though.” (Dahlia)<br/>
“No.” (Sofia)<br/>
“My, stingy. But it has been a while, so I want to talk with Sofia too.” (Dahlia)<br/>
Princess Sofia pulled the hand of the Fire Oracle and led her to a room deep inside.<br/>
It seems like the Fire Oracle, Dahlia Sol Great Keith, is royalty. <br/>
In that case, it would be better for royalty to deal with royalty.<br/>
(I will let Princess Sofia handle it…) (Makoto)<br/>
Lucy is looking after Sa-san.<br/>
The Fire Oracle that suddenly intruded on us was taken by Princess Sofia.<br/>
Now then, I have nothing in my hands now…is what I thought, but I see someone who was sluggishly trying to go out. <br/>
“Princess? Are you going somewhere?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I am just going to take a walk.” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san walks in the direction of the door with the black cat on her shoulder.<br/>
‘It would be better if you were to be careful of the Moon Oracle’.<br/>
The words of Eir-sama resurface in my mind.<br/>
The Destiny Goddess, Ira-sama, is cautious of the Moon Oracle. <br/>
I feel like it would be dangerous to let her go alone.<br/>
“I will go with you too.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hmm, that’s rare, My Knight. Aah, right. Now that I think about it, you were my Guardian Knight.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Going alone is dangerous.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Haah, I just have to Charm them or whatever and run away.” (Furiae)<br/>
She is acting tough there, but when I followed after her, she didn’t really oppose it.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“It is hot.” (Furiae)<br/>
“We are in a tropical climate after all.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Control Water Spirits. Make it cool.” (Furiae)<br/>
“There’s no Water Spirits.” (Makoto)<br/>
No matter where I look, there’s not even the shadows of Spirits.<br/>
The Fire Country is one rough place.<br/>
“\~♪” <br/>
Furiae-san is complaining about heat left and right, but her face from the side looks like she is having fun.<br/>
She is restlessly looking around the stores of the capital as if curious about everything.<br/>
“Wanna buy something?” (Makoto)<br/>
I spoke to Furiae-san who was looking with interest at the stands selling clothes.<br/>
“Huh?! You want me to wear clothes that show so much skin?! Are you a pervert?!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san looks at me upset.<br/>
True, Furiae-san is normally wearing clothes that don’t show much skin. <br/>
But I thought that wearing those kinds of clothes in this country would worsen the heat for her.<br/>
There’s a lot of light clothes in the Fire Country. <br/>
The kind of clothing that Lucy would like.<br/>
“In the first place, if I were to walk in the streets with that kind of attire, I would end up charming everyone. That would be a terrible thing to do to the women of the Fire Country, right? Got it?” (Furiae)<br/>
‘Hmph’, Furiae-san brushes her hair with her hand smuggly. <br/>
Those queen-like gestures are scary fitting for her.<br/>
We wandered around for a while after, but she suddenly said ‘I am hungry’.<br/>
It certainly is a time to begin feeling hungry. <br/>
When I looked around, I could see stores that are calling for customers for lunch time.<br/>
“Let’s go there.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
Furiae-san and I entered a random eatery. <br/>
After entering the place, we drank soup with lots of spices, and crispy bread.<br/>
A sweet drink that tastes like coconut milk came as a set with the food.<br/>
I ordered grilled fish for Tsui.<br/>
“What a weird taste.” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san said this in wonder as she ate as if enjoying it.<br/>
But this taste is familiar to me.<br/>
“It tastes like curry…this soup.” (Makoto)<br/>
“What’s that?” (Furiae)<br/>
“A dish from my world. In the country I was from, all children grew up eating it.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Heeh, then this must be a nostalgic taste for you.” (Furiae)<br/>
It certainly is nostalgic.<br/>
Since coming to this country, a whole lot of things have been a pain, but I am happy that the food is delicious.<br/>
Let’s bring Sa-san and Fuji-yan here next time.<br/>
We enjoyed the food.<br/>
“Fuuh, I am a bit sleepy now.” (Furiae)<br/>
After we finished eating, Furiae-san placed a hand on her chin and began to nod off.<br/>
A short while after, I could hear her going ‘kuuh\~’ and falling asleep.<br/>
Tsui is curled up at her side, sleeping.<br/>
(Is she tired?) (Makoto)<br/>
We had her tag along in the leveling up of Sa-san for consecutive days after all.<br/>
Thanks, Furiae-san.<br/>
I was thinking about letting her sleep for a while, so I decided to wait till she wakes up.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
Around 30 minutes passed since Furiae-san fell asleep.<br/>
“!”<br/>
Furiae-san suddenly jolted up.<br/>
Her eyes were wide open and the sweat was making her hair stick to her skin.<br/>
It is not her usual leisure attitude. Her eyes showed fear like the time when I first met her.<br/>
“Princess, what’s the matter?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…”<br/>
She didn’t answer my question immediately and looked around suspiciously everywhere.<br/>
“Lend me your ear.” (Furiae)<br/>
She grabbed my head and pulled my face closer to hers.<br/>
Then she whispered in my ear.<br/>
“My Knight…a lot of Fire Country people are going to die…” (Furiae)<br/>
 