[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c157](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/10/15/wm-chapter-157-moon-oracle-dreams/)
<br/><br/>
◇Furiae Naia Laphroaig POV◇<br/>
I sluggishly explored a city of the Fire Country for the first time.<br/>
The sun is strong.<br/>
Hot wind brushes my cheek.<br/>
My sweaty clothes are sticking to my skin.<br/>
It feels a bit uncomfortable, but I don’t mind it.<br/>
The bright faces of people. <br/>
The noisy hustle and bustle.<br/>
A different air from that of Rozes and Spring Log.<br/>
(Everyone…seems to be having fun.) (Furiae)<br/>
In the past, at the underground ruins of Laphroaig, I was told about the scenery of other countries by my wet nurse.<br/>
Different from my country that would always be covered in dark clouds, the sun showering its presence was dazzling.<br/>
I ended up thinking about my own past. <br/>
The memories of my young days in the dim underground ruins where I was given a bit of shared food to eat. <br/>
There were bitter times when I would be chased by templars, and I would have no choice but to change dwellings here and there.<br/>
(What an unfair world…) (Furiae)<br/>
I already knew about that.<br/>
This world is truly unfair.<br/>
(It doesn’t matter. I just have to live alone…) (Furiae)<br/>
I suddenly thought that, and pushed aside those dark emotions that were welling up inside me.<br/>
I came to this country for the first time.<br/>
Let’s look around more.<br/>
The people in this country are cheerful, and just watching them is fun.<br/>
“O-Oi, look.” <br/>
“What a beauty.”<br/>
“Is she royalty from a foreign country?” <br/>
“But she only has one bodyguard.” <br/>
“Maybe he is crazy strong?” <br/>
“He doesn’t look strong though. He is all frail.” <br/>
I heard those voices around.<br/>
Well, I am used to the gazes of men.<br/>
I look back.<br/>
My Knight was restlessly looking around the goods of the stands.<br/>
Even though you are a Hero, civilians are telling you that you look like a weakling, you know?<br/>
You were thoroughly defeated by the Fire Hero that appeared suddenly, and yet, here you are as if nothing happened.<br/>
(Is he not mortified by it…?) (Furiae)<br/>
The moment I thought about that, I ended up remembering the time in the Wood Country.<br/>
The High Demon Shuri who attacked us there.<br/>
The man that had her be eaten by Angels with an unamused face as if he were crushing an insect, Takatsuki Makoto.<br/>
I still tremble just remembering it.<br/>
(I really don’t know what he is thinking…My Knight.) (Furiae)<br/>
Even now, he still trains while barely sleeping.<br/>
He is most likely actually mortified by it. <br/>
The problem is that there’s apparently no Water Spirits in the Fire Country. Is he gonna be okay?<br/>
While I was thinking that, I noticed that I am hungry.<br/>
“Hey, let’s go there.” (Furiae)<br/>
We entered an eatery that has a sparse number of customers, and I had lunch with Makoto. <br/>
I was a bit flustered at the unfamiliar taste, but it was delicious.<br/>
After eating the sweet dessert, I take a deep breath. <br/>
(Is the Warrior Aya-san okay? But I am glad that she safely managed to evolve.) (Furiae)<br/>
I was made to tag along in their lizard hunting every day.<br/>
I am glad I didn’t mess up.<br/>
I might have gotten tired from the consecutive training sessions I was made to tag along in, I was brushing the back of the black cat, and by the time I noticed, I had fallen asleep.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
I had a dream.<br/>
The screams of people. <br/>
The stench of blood.<br/>
The air smeared in obstructive dust.<br/>
It is vexing, but…I am familiar with a scene like this.<br/>
It smells the same as the ruins of Laphroaig.<br/>
By the time I noticed, I was surrounded by rubble. <br/>
The houses that I was walking by a few moments ago in the capital of the Fire Country were all crumbled down.<br/>
There were arms and legs sticking out from below the rubble.<br/>
All of them were bent, crushed, and dyed in red.<br/>
They are dead.<br/>
Corpses as far as the eye can see.<br/>
The city I had been shopping in and eating just a few moments ago, was filled with death.<br/>
“Hah!” (Furiae)<br/>
I woke up.<br/>
(Damn it.) (Furiae)<br/>
Again.<br/>
Clairvoyance activated again.<br/>
What I saw just now was a vision of the near future.<br/>
And I, as someone who can use Death Magic, can see death.<br/>
I raise my head that was lying down on the table, and then look at the people that were walking  the streets.<br/>
(…Nauseating…) (Furiae)<br/>
The people that were having fun until now…have painful resentment floating in their expressions.<br/>
Some people would have their arms twisted, some were missing a leg, some don’t have heads.<br/>
Aah, I can’t enjoy this city anymore.<br/>
(Haah…) (Furiae)<br/>
I closed my eyes and sighed deeply. <br/>
Everything I am seeing right now is an illusion, an illusion.<br/>
“Aah, geez! This is the worst!” (Furiae)<br/>
I already can’t tell whether the people of this city are dead or alive.<br/>
My clairvoyance and my death magic mix, and I can only see the corpses of the people that are about to die.<br/>
“Princess?” (Makoto)<br/>
A voice resonates close by.<br/>
I was trying to not look over there.<br/>
Maybe My Knight has been affected by the future of death as well.<br/>
I don’t want to see someone I know in that state.<br/>
I nervously looked at My Knight.<br/>
…It didn’t change.<br/>
Only My Knight hasn’t changed.<br/>
In this city where the presence of death is overflowing, he had his usual dumb face, and was looking at me worried.<br/>
◇Takatsuki Makoto POV◇<br/>
“My Knight, we are escaping the Fire Country at once!” (Furiae)<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Just do it! We are going back to the inn, quickly. We will bring the Mage-san and Warrior-san, and get away from here.” (Furiae)<br/>
“W-Wait wait. What do you mean by that?” (Makoto)<br/>
The sudden panicked Furiae-san began to talk about leaving the Fire Country.<br/>
I tried to calm her down and hear out what she had to say more clearly. <br/>
-She saw a future where the people of the Fire Country will be dying soon.<br/>
-Unknown reason.<br/>
-No knowing if I will be caught in it.<br/>
-However, it is dangerous to stay in the Fire Country.<br/>
That’s apparently the gist of it.<br/>
“Princess, let’s consult with Sofia first.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Alright. But run away at once, okay?” (Furiae)<br/>
“Okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
We returned to the inn where Princess Sofia is.<br/>
Fortunately, it was after the Fire Oracle had left, so I explained to her about the future that Furiae-san saw.<br/>
Hearing the story, Princess Sofia made a complicated expression, but she soon said this with resolve.<br/>
“The Fire Country should have a clairvoyance user too. So it is hard to think that they haven’t prepared at all, but…it would be best to tell them about it.” (Sofia)<br/>
“The one you will be telling this about is the Fire Oracle?” (Makoto)<br/>
Then we gotta chase after her.<br/>
“No, it would be better to tell the military authorities that are in charge of protecting the Fire Country. Hero Makoto, please come along as well. I will introduce you to the general of the Fire Country.” (Sofia)<br/>
“Got it.” (Makoto)<br/>
By the way, Sa-san is sleeping in the bed, so I didn’t wake her up.<br/>
I could hear her steady breaths. <br/>
Lucy who was supposedly looking after Sa-san was now sleeping in the same bed as Sa-san. <br/>
They really get along well.<br/>
The black cat had curled up close by at some point in time.<br/>
You really don’t change.<br/>
I head to the castle of Great Keith with Princess Sofia leading the way.<br/>
This is the first time I see a castle like that of Great Keith.<br/>
Different from the grandiose Highland Castle, and the modest but elegant Rozes Castle.<br/>
If I had to describe it bluntly, it would be a boorish fortress.<br/>
The ramparts made from thick concrete extended high and vast as if looking down on us.<br/>
When we entered, everyone was a military personnel wearing armor. <br/>
They all had their backs straight as they walked systematically. <br/>
When they see us, they would always salute. <br/>
More accurately speaking, towards Princess Sofia though.<br/>
(It is suffocating…) (Makoto)<br/>
Princess Sofia and I, together with her knight bodyguards, were guided deep into the castle.<br/>
We were not brought to the audience room of the king, but a giant meeting room kind of place.<br/>
We approached the large build black beard man that’s sitting at the deepest part of the room.<br/>
When he saw Princess Sofia, the man stood up from his chair and lowered his head.<br/>
“I am honored to have Princess Sofia come all the way here to visit us.” <br/>
“General Tariska, thanks for giving us your time despite the sudden visit.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia does a short greeting towards the man that she called a General.<br/>
General Tariska…the one in the highest position of the military authorities of the Fire Country.<br/>
“Nice to meet you, Hero-dono. I am the one who supervises the  army of the Fire Country, Tariska.”<br/>
“Nice to meet you, I am Takatsuki Makoto, Your Excellency General Tariska.” (Makoto)<br/>
I did the same as Princess Sofia and lowered my head.<br/>
I was told a number of things about him beforehand.<br/>
He is the father of the Fire Hero, Olga Sol Tariska.<br/>
And he is the one that’s the most likely to have sent the Fire Hero to attack us.<br/>
“And so, what brings you here on this occasion? I heard that it is urgent information.” (Tariska)<br/>
“Yes, there’s a comrade of mine that’s a clairvoyant, and I was told that there’s danger approaching the Fire Country.” (Sofia)<br/>
“Hooh…” (Tariska)<br/>
The General raised his eyebrows a little, and his expression didn’t change much.<br/>
I don’t know just what he is thinking.<br/>
“Is that ‘clairvoyant’ possibly the Moon Oracle that is the comrade of the Water Country’s Hero-dono?” (Tariska)<br/>
Princess Sofia gulps lightly.<br/>
So he knows about the Moon Oracle.<br/>
Well, he is the top of the military here after all.<br/>
He does look like he has an intel gathering squad or something.<br/>
“…Is there a need to answer that?” (Sofia)<br/>
“No, that response is plenty enough.” (Tariska)<br/>
Sofia-san, that’s practically saying yes.<br/>
The men around the General were not saying anything.<br/>
They most likely won’t say anything unless ordered by the General. <br/>
However, when the Moon Oracle was mentioned, they clearly showed hostility and scorn in their expressions.<br/>
(We aren’t really welcomed that much, huh.) (Makoto)<br/>
We went out of our way to report it and all.<br/>
“Princess Sofia, we appreciate the warning. The Martial Arts Tournament is approaching, and there’s a lot of people gathering in the capital. We will tighten the security even further.” (Tariska)<br/>
“…Is that so. Well then, we will be taking our leave now.” (Sofia)<br/>
It seems Princess Sofia had no intentions of staying for long, she wrapped up the conversation.<br/>
I followed after her, and I was spoken to from the back.<br/>
“Hero Makoto-dono, I apologize for the rudeness of my daughter.” (Tariska)<br/>
“No, don’t mind it. She is strong. As expected of the Fire Country’s Hero.” (Makoto)<br/>
“She is a wild horse that doesn’t listen to anyone, you see.” (Tariska)<br/>
Should I be saying ‘that’s not true’ here?<br/>
Or should I be hinting that it was his order?<br/>
(I don’t know.) (Makoto)<br/>
Princess Sofia and I left the Great Keith Castle. <br/>
◇◇<br/>
We returned from the Great Keith Castle, finished dinner, and I trained alone in my room.<br/>
Furiae-san said she wasn’t feeling good and shut herself in her room.<br/>
I went to see how she was doing, but she told me not to enter.<br/>
I haven’t gone to check on Sa-san and Lucy yet.<br/>
I created a small cat with water magic, and had it play with Tsui.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun.” <br/>
The one who knocked on the door and entered was Sa-san.<br/>
The moment she entered, I felt as if a gust of wind blew violently. <br/>
“Can I?” (Aya)<br/>
“Y-Yeah…it is okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
While I was saying that, I was overawed by Sa-san.<br/>
Her outward appearance hasn’t changed. <br/>
She is in her usual human form.<br/>
If it is as Fuji-yan said, she should have returned to level 1.<br/>
And yet, I am feeling an overwhelming pressure as if I were facing a Demon Lord or an Ancient Dragon.<br/>
How to say it…it is as if the sense of dread had gotten more powerful.<br/>
Is this Evolution?<br/>
“What’s the matter, Takatsuki-kun? Making that weird face.” (Aya)<br/>
“No, nothing. By the way, what happened with Lucy?” (Makoto)<br/>
I say this as if trying to change the topic.<br/>
“She said that Fu-chan didn’t seem to be feeling well, so she went to check on her.” (Aya)<br/>
“I see… She did seem to be under the weather since noon.” (Makoto)<br/>
The person herself said that it is because using clairvoyance takes a lot of mental strength, so it is tiring.<br/>
Just that her complexion was pretty bad, and it worries me.<br/>
At that moment, Sa-san held my hand tightly.<br/>
A cold sensation covers my hands.<br/>
“Hey, Takatsuki-kun. Let’s go out, just the two of us.” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san laughed teasingly, but she pulled my hand and jumped out of the window.<br/>
(Wait, oi! This is the 3rd floor!) (Makoto)<br/>
Sa-san and I were now in mid-air.<br/>
 