[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c183](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/12/03/wm-chapter-183-human-demon-war-3/)
<br/><br/>
“What’s that about ‘the enemy will die’? Just saying random stuff, Makoto… [Meteor]!” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy said with an amazed tone and then hit the frozen monsters with a giant rock. <br/>
The monsters and the ice break with a loud crack.<br/>
Right now we are standing on top of the frozen sea.<br/>
“Uhh…so cold\~. Can I go back?” (Aya)<br/>
Even when Sa-san was weaning cold protection equipment that looked like a fluffy down jacket, she was still trembling. <br/>
Furiae-san was puffing out air on her hands going ‘haah haah’.<br/>
Even those natural actions of hers are alluring.<br/>
“Sa-san, you can’t, you are a Hero. Princess, you can return to the tent if you are cold” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eeh?! Takatsuki-kun, you bully!” (Aya)<br/>
“It is okay. I am used to the cold. Also, I would feel bad about resting on my own, so I will stay here.” (Furiae)<br/>
While I was talking to my comrades, I heard the loud voice of Captain Ortho.<br/>
“Subjugate all the monsters before they free themselves! Don’t waste the chance that Hero Makoto-dono has created!” (Ortho)<br/>
““Yes sir!””<br/>
The Sun Knight followed the captain’s orders and attacked the frozen monsters. <br/>
As for me…I am not doing anything.<br/>
I gave it a cool name like ‘Eternal Death Blizzard’, but in reality it is just an ice magic spell with a wide range. <br/>
It may have immobilized them temporarily, but it doesn’t reach the point of death. <br/>
The lifeforce of demon lord subordinates is apparently high, so they can begin moving after the ice melts. <br/>
Right now we are breaking the monsters with ice and all. <br/>
More than 10,000 frozen monsters.<br/>
That’s quite the manual labor. <br/>
Moreover, I don’t have a proper attack mean, so I was just watching.<br/>
“Spirit-sans, Spirit-sans.” (Makoto)<br/>
I tried talking to them, but they must have gotten satisfied with the attack just now, they were going ‘kya kya’ and having fun, not listening to me at all.<br/>
Looks like I have to wait a bit before I borrow more mana from them.<br/>
“They aren’t lowering in numbers at all!” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy was complaining as she continued shooting her magic.<br/>
If she were to use her specialty that is fire magic, the ice would melt, so she is using Stone Bullet.<br/>
“Sorry about that, Lucy.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hmm, I don’t really mind. Treat me to something next time.” (Lucy)<br/>
I apologized for having her be the only one working, but she responded with a big smile. <br/>
How manly, Lucy.<br/>
After a bit, she went ‘Ah, right’ as if she had thought up something and turned over here with an impish look.<br/>
“But it is unfair for me to be the only one shooting magic, so use Synchronization to shoot magic.” (Lucy)<br/>
Saying this, she sticks really close to me, and she made me grab her staff.<br/>
I could feel her high temperature. <br/>
(…[Synchronization].) (Makoto)<br/>
I held the staff of Lucy and her shoulder, but her hand gave me a stink, and I could feel that the mana of Lucy and I were repelling each other. <br/>
Hmm, so it really won’t work.<br/>
“Sorry, Lucy. Looks like we can’t sync properly.” (Makoto)<br/>
When I said this, Lucy laughed and sent me a sidelong glance.<br/>
“Geez, that’s not it.” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy wrapped her hand around my neck, got on her tiptoes, and looked up at me. <br/>
“When we are synchronizing, this is how we do it, right?” (Lucy)<br/>
She looks at me with her big eyes, and her face gets close enough to the point that our noses could touch. <br/>
“L-Lucy-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Here, Makoto. Hnn.” (Lucy)<br/>
Saying this, Lucy closed her eyes.<br/>
The lips of a beautiful elf were approaching.<br/>
…Are you telling me to kiss? Here?<br/>
But we are a party, and I can’t have Lucy do all the heavy work. <br/>
Also, I am in a sense the party leader.<br/>
Yeah, it can’t be helped.<br/>
When I resolved myself and was about to kiss Lucy…<br/>
*Rumble Rumble Rumble*<br/>
I felt like I heard that kind of loud sound.<br/>
““……””<br/>
Sa-san and Furiae-san were looking judgmentally over here.<br/>
“L-Lucy, let’s leave the kissing synchro to emergencies!” (Makoto)<br/>
I hurriedly separated from Lucy.<br/>
“Ah, is that so.” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy returned to a normal position unamused.<br/>
“Makoto, you coward.” (Lucy)<br/>
(Coward indeed.) (Noah)<br/>
I understand Lucy saying that, but for some reason, Noah-sama said it too.<br/>
After that, Lucy and the Sun Knights continued defeating monsters, and in around half a day, all the monsters were defeated.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“‘The 1st Division fought the army of the Sea Monster King Forneus today’, is what you said?” <br/>
This was the first thing General Yuwein said when Captain Ortho reported this in the war council that was opened on the evening of that day. <br/>
It sounded calm, but it could also be heard as a slightly exasperated tone. <br/>
“What’s the meaning of this, Captain Ortho? This seems to be different from planned.” (Tariska)<br/>
General Tariska urged the continuation calmly. <br/>
“Yes, we fought the Demon Lord army. With the Water Country’s Hero Makoto-dono here—” (Ortho)<br/>
“As I thought, it was the fault of the Evil God Apostle!” <br/>
Before Ortho-san could finish, the Pope concluded that I am the reason.<br/>
…Well, that’s true. <br/>
“This time’s war is one that will decide the fate of the continent. There really is a need to eliminate the variable that is the Evil God Apostle! Now, he must be punished impartially at once! Behead him!” <br/>
The nobles of the countries were nodding at this. <br/>
What does he mean by impartial…?<br/>
As for my acquaintances, Hero Olga, Prince Leonard, and Sakurai-kun were making faces as if saying ‘Aah, as expected’.<br/>
I thought Oracle Esther would be complaining for sure, but she was unexpectedly silent. <br/>
She is making an annoyed expression though.<br/>
“Well, wait, Pope Roma. Ortho hasn’t finished talking. Also, I was the one who allowed the Water Country’s Hero to fight the Demon Lord army.” <br/>
“…You did, Great Sage-sama?! Why did you do something like that…?” <br/>
“Your Holiness, it seems the Great Sage-sama has her own thoughts regarding this. Ortho, report the results of the battle and the casualties of our side.” (Yuwein)<br/>
General Yuwein returned the topic to the war. <br/>
Captain Ortho stands upright. <br/>
“Yes sir! Reporting. Demon Lord army monsters: 10,029; 1st Division casualties: 0!!” (Ortho)<br/>
“““……”””<br/>
No one said anything after the words of Captain Ortho.<br/>
…The Captain was counting the numbers of monsters, huh.<br/>
“There weren’t any noteworthy demons within the army. It is as Esther-sama said. Their objective wasn’t to fight us, but solely for diversion.” (Ortho)<br/>
Saying this, Captain Ortho finished reporting.<br/>
But all the people in the projections had their eyes opened wide or were making dubious expressions.<br/>
General Yuwein was the first one to speak.<br/>
“Ortho, you said you fought a demon lord army of more than 10,000, right?” (Yuwein)<br/>
“Yes, that’s exactly right, General!” (Ortho)<br/>
“…Why was the enemy wiped out while our side had no casualties?” (Yuwein)<br/>
The people were nodding. <br/>
Looks like everyone wanted to know. <br/>
“With the Spirit Magic of Makoto-dono here, all of the more than 10,000 monsters were frozen. We then destroyed the incapacitated monsters.” (Ortho)<br/>
“Is that even possible…?” (Yuwein)<br/>
“Well, with the magic that he used to save the Fire Country’s capital, it would be possible…” (Tariska)<br/>
General Yuwein and General Tariska were saying this as if finding it hard to believe.<br/>
I actually used a different method from that time in the Fire Country’s capital though. Oh well, that’s fine.<br/>
“Ahahahahaha! I see, I see!” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama was smacking her laps and laughing. <br/>
On the other hand, the Pope was glaring over here with a bitter expression.<br/>
By the way, Gera-san had a bitter expression too. <br/>
…I feel like he is gonna say I am stealing the march again.<br/>
“And so, General, what will you do about that so-called punishment? There’s no casualties though.” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama asks about my fate. <br/>
“It goes against the plan, but the objective of that plan is to preserve our forces. There were no casualties, so there’s no punishment.” (Yuwein)<br/>
Saying this, he wrapped up the topic. <br/>
“Now then, about the reports of the other regions.” (Yuwein)<br/>
“Yes! Then, from the 2nd Division…” <br/>
After that, long and boring reports continued.<br/>
They were all reports about not battling after all.<br/>
I glanced at the projection of Princess Sofia, and she was puffing her cheeks as if saying ‘geez!’.<br/>
I obviously didn’t wave my hand this time around and simply gave her a wry smile. <br/>
The war council continued till late in the night…and it was tough not to fall asleep in the middle of it. <br/>
◇Sasaki Aya POV◇<br/>
I woke up late in the night. <br/>
“Kuu\~…” (Lucy)<br/>
I hear Lu-chan sleeping at my side. <br/>
Her breath is warm.<br/>
Now that I think about it, the inside of the tent is cold, so I clung to Lu-chan as I fell asleep.<br/>
“Aah, her clothes are disheveled again.” (Aya)<br/>
I sigh as I fix the collar of Lu-chan a bit. <br/>
Lu-cha has bad sleeping habits. <br/>
For some reason, she would slowly take off her clothes while she is sleeping. <br/>
But well, Takatsuki-kun told me that I also have bad sleeping habits though.<br/>
Compared to that, Fu-chan always looks beautiful as she sleeps like a princess…wait, what? <br/>
“Fu-chan?” (Aya)<br/>
There’s no one in the futon. <br/>
Is she in the toilet?<br/>
I touched the futon, and it was cold. It doesn’t seem like she left just now, but a while ago. <br/>
“Hnnn…” (Aya)<br/>
I was bothered by something, so I went to the deeper side, onto the shared space of Takatsuki-kun that’s divided by a simple partition.<br/>
The tent is shared by 4 people, but Takatsuki-kun said adamantly ‘men and women shouldn’t be sleeping in the same space!’ and made a partition.<br/>
“He really isn’t here.” (Aya)<br/>
Well, that’s the usual.<br/>
Takatsuki-kun uses most of the time he is awake in training.<br/>
But there’s something that bothered me. <br/>
Takatsuki-kun and Fu-chan had disappeared late in the night at the same time. <br/>
Now, what should I do? <br/>
“Uwa, cold!” (Aya)<br/>
I went outside the tent. <br/>
The night wind took away the heat of my body.<br/>
“This is definitely the fault of the Spirit Magic of Takatsuki-kun…” (Aya)<br/>
I complained as I wore several tens of layers of clothes.<br/>
I walk in the campsite of the Sun Knights.<br/>
The only light source is the moon and the stars, but I was raised in Laberintos, so this is no different from daytime. <br/>
I passed by a number of what seemed like night lookouts. <br/>
I asked them all if they had seen Takatsuki-kun, but they all shook their heads to the sides.<br/>
Hmm, can’t find Takatsuki-kun.<br/>
Searching blindly isn’t efficient. <br/>
At these kinds of times…<br/>
I closed my eyes and had my ears, nose, and sixth sense work on full power. <br/>
Takatsuki-kun Takatsuki-kun Takatsuki-kun Takatsuki-kun Takatsuki-kun Takatsuki-kun Takatsuki-kun Takatsuki-kun Takatsuki-kun Takatsuki-kun Takatsuki-kun Takatsuki-kun Takatsuki-kun…where are you?<br/>
(I feel like it is over here.) (Aya)<br/>
I trust in my instinct that I honed in Laberintos. <br/>
I noticed that the scent of Takatsuki-kun in the air was getting stronger. <br/>
There’s no doubt it is over here! <br/>
The place is a plaza that’s slightly further away from the campsite. <br/>
There’s a small fountain closeby. <br/>
There’s two people close to that fountain.<br/>
I saw the back figure of Takatsuki-kun and Fu-chan speaking under the light of the moon, at a distance that their shoulders could almost touch. <br/>
 