[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c186](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/12/07/wm-chapter-186-human-demon-war-4/)
<br/><br/>
Sponsored Chapter!<br/>
“Takki-dono!” <br/>
“Takatsuki-sama!” <br/>
When I was training while looking at the sea, someone called me from behind.<br/>
There’s only one person who calls me like that.<br/>
I don’t even need to turn around to tell who the owners of those voices are.<br/>
It is Fuji-yan and Nina-san.<br/>
“Heya there, Fuji-yan, Nina-san. It has been a while.” (Makoto)<br/>
I waved my hand lightly and greeted them.<br/>
Fuji-yan runs to where I am with Nina-san by his side.<br/>
“Oh, you are on your own? Where’s Sasaki-dono, Lucy-dono, and Furi-dono?” (Fuji)<br/>
“…Ah, right. About that…” (Makoto)<br/>
I remember what happened in the morning.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
Lucy and Furiae-san learned that Sa-san and I were together last night. <br/>
It also got exposed that we kissed.<br/>
Lucy heard that and said: ‘then, it is okay for me to do the same, right?’, and showed a bewitching smile.<br/>
‘That’s…’, but before I could say anything<br/>
‘Can’t be helped. But don’t go all the way, okay?’, Sa-san was the one who replied.<br/>
Hm? What about my input?<br/>
“It is embarrassing to have others see it, so let’s go over there.” (Lucy)<br/>
Looks like there’s no need for me to say anything.<br/>
I was brought to the other side of the tent’s partition by Lucy, and was made to lie down on the futon. <br/>
Then Lucy straddled me.<br/>
“P-Please be gentle.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Nope. I have to teach the body of this bad man that secretly put a hand on Aya☆.” (Lucy)<br/>
The slightly sadistic smile of Lucy reminded me of her mother Rosalie-san. They really are mom and daughter. <br/>
While I was thinking this, my front buttons were undone in an instant.<br/>
While I was spaced out looking at Lucy from below, she took her coat off cheerfully.<br/>
“Are you going to undress too, Lucy?” (Makoto)<br/>
“It is hot after all.” (Lucy)<br/>
She would come out from bathing with only a towel, and she has a habit of undressing when sleeping, so I won’t get flustered with her just taking off one or two pieces of clothing though…<br/>
“It is kinda annoying that you are so calm here. Alright, take this off too.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Oi! There’s no need to take off the lower half!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Isn’t it okay? Not like you are losing anything.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Nooo!” (Makoto)<br/>
I obviously resist Lucy who is trying to take off my pants and underwear. <br/>
But Lucy is the stronger one, so resisting is pointless.<br/>
We were playing around for a while, and…<br/>
“Lu-chan, I hear the sound of rustling clothes…wait, aaaah!!” (Aya)<br/>
“Hey, Aya, don’t interrupt.” (Lucy)<br/>
“No! If you are going to go that far, I am joining!” (Aya)<br/>
“Eeh, but you were the one who tried to steal the march, Aya.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Uuuh, but but but! I am joining!” (Aya)<br/>
“Oi oi, you two…” (Makoto)<br/>
Even Sa-san barged in, so I was about to stop this since it is already getting out of hand.<br/>
“You people are being so noisy! What are you trying to begin when we are in the same tent?!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san had a bright red face as she kicked open the partition. <br/>
“Warrior-san, Mage-san, on your knees! Don’t you have any shame?! I will have to lecture you two!” (Furiae)<br/>
“Eeh, but…” (Lucy)<br/>
“Silence!” (Furiae)<br/>
“Fu-chan’s scary…” (Aya)<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san obediently went on their knees at the outburst of Furiae-san. <br/>
I am left there in my half naked state.<br/>
“Uhm…what about me, Princess?” (Makoto)<br/>
“You go train alone!” (Furiae)<br/>
“O-Okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
Being told this, I left the tent in low spirits. <br/>
◇◇<br/>
—That’s what happened.<br/>
“T-That must have been rough…” (Fuji)<br/>
Fuji-yan must have gotten the gist of the situation with his mind reading ability, and made a wry smile. <br/>
“Danna-sama, I will go greet everyone else.” (Nina)<br/>
“Yes, I leave it to you-desu zo, Nina-dono.” (Fuji)<br/>
Nina-san hopped her way to the direction where the tent is located. <br/>
She is light on her feet as always. <br/>
“By the way, Fuji-yan, why are you here?” (Makoto)<br/>
There’s a lot of demand for merchants in a war. <br/>
I can understand that this is the time to get profit, but this is a remote region far from the battlefield.<br/>
Isn’t there other places that would bring in more cash?<br/>
“You are saying quite the sad thing there. I ran all the way here in worry of my friends, you know? Also, I thought this would be of use to you, so please accept it.” (Fuji)<br/>
Saying this, he gave me a magic tool-looking extravagant wooden box.<br/>
“What’s this?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Open and see. I wanted to prepare more, but I could only ready 10.” (Fuji)<br/>
I go ‘let’s see’, and open the wooden box.<br/>
At that moment, I felt dense mana coming out from the wooden box.<br/>
There were 10 glass bottles inside the wooden box, and inside those bottles, there’s a dimly luminescent liquid.<br/>
As a mage, I could tell that this is on a whole other level from the magic items you see around.<br/>
I rarely see the real thing, but…<br/>
“Fuji-yan, could this be…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Fufufu, the best healing potion, Elixir-desu zo. This is a war after all. Gotta be at least this prepared.” (Fuji)<br/>
“10 Elixirs?! These are supposed to be more than 1,000,000 each though…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Sadly to say, the war has begun, so their price has jumped. They are now 1,200,000G. It was pretty hard to get, so please use them sparingly-desu zo.” (Fuji)<br/>
“…Y-Yeah, of course.” (Makoto)<br/>
Knowing that the contents of the wooden box are worth more than 10,000,000G, my hands are trembling.<br/>
I slowly closed the wooden box.<br/>
“Uhm, Fuji-yan, how much is it…?” (Makoto)<br/>
“You are a Hero, aren’t you, Takki-dono? I will put the cost of the tools into the tab of the Rozes royals…is what I want to say, but this is my farewell gift. I have no combat capabilities, so this is all I can do.” (Fuji)<br/>
“Thanks, Fuji-yan.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Don’t mind it don’t mind it.” (Fuji)<br/>
My friend smiling as if nothing was so manly.<br/>
“What will you be doing after?” (Makoto)<br/>
“After 1 night, I was thinking about going to where Sakurai-dono is and giving him some things too-desu zo.” (Fuji)<br/>
“That’s the main battlefield though. Will you be okay?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I heard there’s still a few days before the decisive battle.” (Fuji)<br/>
“Right. According to the Destiny Oracle, it should take a few days more before the attack of the Demon Lords.” (Makoto)<br/>
I am surprised Fuji-yan knows.<br/>
“Now then, let’s go eat together. Hope the mood of Princess has gotten better…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hahaha, I have brought a whole lot of food from other countries, so let’s cheer her up with that.” (Fuji)<br/>
What a reliable friend! <br/>
We returned to the tent while having some light talk.<br/>
It had been a while since we ate together with Fuji-yan and Nina-san.<br/>
The topic was of course about Sakurai-kun who is about to fight Zagan.<br/>
However, it seems like even Fuji-yan can’t get information from the Demonic Continent, so no one here knows the exact power of the Demon Lord and its appearance.<br/>
It is apparently as big as a mountain…<br/>
Just what kind of guy is it? <br/>
It has been a while since we reunited with our friends, but the mood was a bit prickly because of the war.<br/>
By the way, Lucy, Sa-san, and I got 2 elixirs each. <br/>
The remaining ones will be in the hands of Furiae-san.<br/>
Fuji-yan and Nina-san hurriedly left to the next place. <br/>
◇◇<br/>
“Oh my, if it isn’t My Knight who has been putting his lecherous hands on his party members lately.” <br/>
I was at the sea training alone just like yesterday, and Furiae-san showed up.<br/>
“That was out of my hands. I had no choice.” (Makoto)<br/>
I tried to explain myself for now. <br/>
I don’t see Lucy or Sa-san around.<br/>
We were partying a whole lot with Fuji-yan and Nina-san yesterday after all.<br/>
The two of them must be sleeping together.<br/>
“You say that, but you had a really sleazy look.” (Furiae)<br/>
“…That’s not true…I think.” (Makoto)<br/>
Clear Mind-san, that’s not true, right?<br/>
“Will you eventually put your hands on me too?” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san made a joking look with a grin.<br/>
Oi oi, no matter how I am, I wouldn’t be so indiscriminate.<br/>
“It is okay. That won’t be happening ever.” (Makoto)<br/>
When I stated this clearly with a smile, the smile of Furiae-san disappeared.<br/>
“Hmm, is that so.” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san fiddles with her hair as she looks away unamused.<br/>
My response wasn’t wrong, right?<br/>
““…””<br/>
For some reason, the both of us ended up falling silent. <br/>
Should I throw a topic in?<br/>
Hmm, but what should I talk about? <br/>
Should I say ‘you are beautiful today as well’?<br/>
But last time she went ‘there’s no heart in it!’ and got mad at me…<br/>
“Furiae-sama!” <br/>
At that moment, one man appeared.<br/>
Brown skin, red eyes, and silver haired handsome man. <br/>
If I remember correctly, he is the devilkin childhood friend of Furiae-san.<br/>
What was his name again?<br/>
“If it isn’t Havel. What’s the matter?” (Furiae)<br/>
 “The devilkin children and elderly have been evacuated from the coastside that’s closest to the battlefield. However, it is until as far as the underground tunnel goes, so we can’t get them too far away though…” (Havel)<br/>
“…Is that so. Can’t be helped then.” (Furiae)<br/>
Looks like Havel-san has been doing regular reports to Furiae-san.<br/>
How dedicated.<br/>
That’s how special the Moon Oracle must be.<br/>
“Oi, Guardian Knight of Furiae-sama.” (Havel)<br/>
“Hm?” (Makoto)<br/>
Me?<br/>
“Don’t let a single enemy touch Furiae-sama! I won’t forgive you if she gets injured even once!” (Havel)<br/>
“Aah, yeah. I will do my best.” (Makoto)<br/>
“You must!” (Havel)<br/>
How incredibly threatening.<br/>
“Geez, just leave it at that, Havel… Hm?” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san reprimanded the man, but it seems like she noticed something and looked at the sea. <br/>
“Wait, My Knight. Look!” (Furiae)<br/>
The sharp voice of Furiae-san resonates.<br/>
The waves of the ocean were calm, and there were a number of white clouds passing by. <br/>
I could see a flock of gulls faraway. <br/>
It was a peaceful sight.<br/>
“Princess?” (Makoto)<br/>
I was about to say ‘there’s nothing’, but someone else raised their voice.<br/>
“That’s…! Wyverns and gryphons!” (Havel)<br/>
The devilkin man shouted.<br/>
Looks like the basic specs of a devilkin are higher than that of your average human. <br/>
I can’t see with my vision.<br/>
[Farsight].<br/>
When I looked faraway using a Skill, what I thought was a flock of gulls was actually flying monsters.<br/>
And they are heading this way at high speed.<br/>
The Demon Lord army! <br/>
“Makoto!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun!” (Aya)<br/>
“Lucy, Sa-san! Monsters are heading this way!” (Makoto)<br/>
The two of them appeared in an agitated fashion.<br/>
Looks like they already noticed the monsters.<br/>
“It looks like those are the underlings of the Beast King Zagan. They made it look like they would be coming from the sea, and have come from the sky!” (Lucy)<br/>
“According to the lookouts, the flying monsters apparently have some sort of magic weapon for bombing purposes. At this rate, they are going to attack indiscriminately, and all the area will be blown up!” (Aya)<br/>
The words of Lucy and Sa-san made Furiae-san and the devilkin man change their complexion.<br/>
“What did you say…?!” (Furiae)<br/>
“You must not, Furiae-sama! Please run away at once!” (Havel)<br/>
“Princess, it is as that person says. Please evacuate.” (Makoto)<br/>
“There’s no need to! This is the place I was raised in! Why do I have to turn tail and run?!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san was acting tough as she looked at the monsters in the sky and her own country. <br/>
Even if she were to take refuge, if it turns into an indiscriminate attack, there’s a high chance the people of Laphroaig will be falling victim to it. <br/>
She must be worried about it. <br/>
“Hey, My Knight, can’t you call the Great Spirit like before?” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san puts out her hand as if saying ‘let’s sync’.<br/>
“I wonder… It would be one thing if they were sea monsters, but against monsters who are flying, it might be difficult.” (Makoto)<br/>
I told her what I thought.<br/>
I am the one who knows the most about the weaknesses of water magic.<br/>
The last time, it was because the monsters were in the water that the spell worked. <br/>
It most likely won’t work here.<br/>
“I can only fight in close combat…” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san is downhearted.<br/>
“It is okay, Aya! I will shoot them down with fire magic!” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy takes a stance with her staff. <br/>
The enemies are in the thousands. There’s way too many targets for Meteor.<br/>
“Lucy, come here.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Okay, but what’s the matter, Makoto?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Wouldn’t it be better to join up with the Sun Knights, Takatsuki-kun…?” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san looks over here uneasy. <br/>
“No, that would be too late. Let’s shoot them down before they reach land.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh?” (Lucy)<br/>
I held the shoulder of Lucy and used Synchronize.<br/>
 