[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c188](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/12/09/wm-chapter-188-the-moon-oracle-isnt-self-aware/)
<br/><br/>
◇Furiae Naia Laphroaig POV◇<br/>
There’s this legend in the West Continent. <br/>
Far more than 1,000 years ago.<br/>
An old story that was told in an era way before Savior Abel had risen.<br/>
The story of a certain princess and knight. <br/>
The stage was a small prospering country in this continent. <br/>
A witch from the East Continent came to this country. <br/>
The witch was an unbelievable mage.<br/>
The witch cured the ill king. <br/>
Healed the heart of the prime minister that had lost his wife and was drowning in despair. <br/>
Gave an artificial leg to the general that lost his leg.<br/>
The king, the prime minister, the general, and the important people of the country; they were all being ensnared by the witch.<br/>
By the time anyone noticed, the country was in the hands of the witch.<br/>
The witch that ruled the country exploited their people, and would make them work to their last drop of life. <br/>
There was a wise princess in that country.<br/>
Having their country taken over by the witch, the princess and her childhood friend knight were pursued by the country. <br/>
They faced many hardships, but they gathered allies on their way.<br/>
In the end, they defeated the evil witch, and recovered their country.<br/>
She became a great queen, and the knight that supported her was hailed as the ultimate hero. <br/>
It is a famous story, as famous as the story of the Savior Abel; the Princess and the Guardian Knight story. <br/>
The Guardian Knight pact was given form with this story as its origin.<br/>
The people of the Moon Country didn’t like the story of Savior Abel, so there’s also the reason that they didn’t want to tell that story though.<br/>
The story of the Princess and the Guardian Knight was told to me countless times.<br/>
There’s a phrase I like in that story.<br/>
Something that the knight said to the princess.<br/>
‘My Princess, even if the whole world is your enemy, I alone will continue protecting you’.<br/>
As the Moon Oracle who is hated by all the countries in the continent, this phrase was one that resonated in my heart.<br/>
I dreamed of the day I would one day meet a Guardian Knight who would say this.<br/>
But reality was different.<br/>
“Oracle-sama.”<br/>
“Furiae-sama.” <br/>
“Moon Goddess’s Oracle-sama.” <br/>
“Our beautiful Oracle-sama.” <br/>
“Please ask anything of us.” <br/>
My surroundings were filled with people who were charmed by me. <br/>
The blessing (curse) that the Moon Goddess Naia cast upon me.<br/>
All living beings will be charmed by my beauty. <br/>
Thanks to that, men and women alike would fall in love with me at first sight.<br/>
That’s why the people around me protect me.<br/>
But it is not like in the story where the Guardian Knight was overflowing with loyalty, but simply because they are charmed by me. <br/>
They follow me just because I look good.<br/>
That felt terribly insipid to me. <br/>
I gave up thinking and decided that that’s just how reality works.<br/>
—One day, I met a certain man.<br/>
Sakurai Ryosuke.<br/>
He is the Light Hero that came from a different world.<br/>
He had come to capture me at first, but then he listened to my circumstances, sympathized with me, and directed positive emotions at me. <br/>
And most of all, my Charm didn’t work well with the Light Hero. <br/>
He was my ally even without being in a Charmed state. <br/>
“Furiae, whenever you are in trouble, I will come save you.” (Sakurai)<br/>
“…I see.” (Furiae)<br/>
I was happy. <br/>
It was my first time feeling as if I liked someone.<br/>
But he is the Light Hero.<br/>
His fiancee is Princess Noel, who is the princess of the strongest country of the continent.<br/>
It seems he has a lot of other fiancees, too.<br/>
Also, the people of the Moon Country hate Highland.<br/>
They wouldn’t wish for me to be together with Sakurai Ryosuke who is the Hero of Highland.<br/>
In other words, love that won’t come to fruition.<br/>
(…Well, they do say first loves don’t bloom.) (Furiae)<br/>
Being able to even fall in love in the first place, despite being someone who charms all the people, could be considered fortuitous already. <br/>
I thought I should forget about it. <br/>
I was thinking about leaving it as a bitter memory. <br/>
That’s all it would be. <br/>
—Then, I met a weird man.<br/>
Takatsuki Makoto.<br/>
He is also someone who came from a different world.<br/>
I have heard his name several times from Ryosuke.<br/>
He said he was a really trustworthy person, that he is an incredible guy.<br/>
I was wondering what kind of guy he would be to be admired this much by the Light Hero Ryosuke.<br/>
He must be quite the great person, is what I thought.<br/>
But when I saw him in person, he looked like a weakling, with a frail body that felt as if he were to be pushed, he would fall.<br/>
Even though he is a mage, his mana is like a mere gentle breeze. <br/>
His party members: the elf girl mage and the otherworlder warrior girl were far stronger than him.<br/>
I was slightly disappointed.<br/>
But he is the Water Country’s Designated Hero.<br/>
And so, I planned on forming a Guardian Knight pact with Takatsuki Makoto to escape from the Sun Country.<br/>
But something unexpected happened here.<br/>
My Charm doesn’t work at all on Takatsuki Makoto.<br/>
This is not how it is supposed to go, Moon Goddess Naia!<br/>
Aren’t I supposed to be able to charm all living beings?! <br/>
Of course, there’s no way the Moon Goddess would respond when I have only managed to talk to her once in my whole life till now.<br/>
But Takatsuki Makoto became my Guardian Knight.<br/>
Looks like he is a goody two shoes.<br/>
I have devilkin blood in me, and am hated by humans; the Moon Oracle.<br/>
The reincarnation of the villain in Savior Abel’s story, the Calamity Witch.<br/>
I will eventually be thrown out from the party anyways.<br/>
That’s what I thought.<br/>
But Takatsuki Makoto, who is the Apostle of an Evil God; the Mage-san who is a half-demon; and the Warrior-san who is a Lamia; they were all party members with peculiar backgrounds.<br/>
But they are all good people.<br/>
Not a single one of them loathed me. <br/>
I missed the timing to leave the party, and by the time I noticed, I had settled down.<br/>
(It should be fine to stay here for a while…) (Furiae)<br/>
That’s what I thought.<br/>
It was peaceful.<br/>
There would be times when Takatsuki Makoto would rush into hordes of monsters or get petrified, but as someone who was raised in the dark underground of the Moon Country since the time I was born, going around the Water Country, the Wood Country, and the Fire Country was fun.<br/>
I used the Destiny Magic and Curse Magic that I didn’t like that much, when I learned that the Mage-san would be in danger at Makkaren, and when I helped out the petrified elves at the Wood Country.<br/>
It was rough.<br/>
But I felt fulfilled.<br/>
I will have to return to the Moon Country one day, is what I kept in the corner of my mind as I passed my days.<br/>
However…lately, there have been a lot of things that have been aggravating me. <br/>
The reason is most likely…My Knight, Takatsuki Makoto.<br/>
Takatsuki Makoto doesn’t get Charmed.<br/>
Not only that, I can’t see his future. <br/>
I can’t tell what he is thinking.<br/>
Even though he is the Guardian Knight of the Moon Oracle, he isn’t by my side.<br/>
He is always either training, or meeting a woman somewhere.<br/>
I don’t mind that. <br/>
My relationship with Takatsuki Makoto is that of the Guardian Knight pact.<br/>
A work related relationship.<br/>
There’s no need to mind it. <br/>
There’s no need to, but I am getting annoyed watching Takatsuki Makoto lately. <br/>
He would go meet the Destiny Oracle, who had blatant animosity towards him, all alone.<br/>
And even though the plan this time around is to avoid pointless battle, he would fight on his own volition.<br/>
He doesn’t listen to what I tell him at all! <br/>
By the time I notice, he is flirting with a woman! <br/>
The last one doesn’t matter.<br/>
It is none of my business.<br/>
No…could it be that I am in love with Takatsuki Makoto?<br/>
But these feelings are completely different from the ones I have towards Ryosuke.<br/>
It just makes me angry.<br/>
The ones who are in love with Takatsuki Makoto are the Mage Lucy-san, and the Warrior Aya-san.<br/>
And so, I decided to ask them.<br/>
“Hey, Mage-san, Warrior-san, how did you fall in love with that man?” (Furiae)<br/>
“That’s sudden, Furi.” (Lucy)<br/>
“What’s the matter, Fu-chan?” (Aya)<br/>
The two of them turn around surprised.<br/>
Takatsuki Makoto is participating in the war council, so he is absent. <br/>
This is the best chance to ask them.<br/>
“Well, if you want to know, I can tell you! For me, it would be at the time when I was saved by him when I was attacked by the Big Ogre, I think. After that, when we were attacked by the Griffon. He saved me from those monsters that aimed for me despite getting seriously injured! At that time, I thought I was fine with Makoto embracing me!” (Lucy)<br/>
“I-I see… What about you, Warrior-san?” (Furiae)<br/>
The excitement of the Mage-san rose up instantly. <br/>
She always gets like that when talking about Takatsuki Makoto.<br/>
“Probably at the time when I played together with him in his room. Ah, I am talking about our original world. I would always stay for a long time in the room of Takatsuki-kun since middle school, and it feel relaxing being together with him. But the amount of time we have been alone lately has decreased. Aah, that chance just a bit ago was so rare. I was so close there.” (Aya)<br/>
“Geez, that’s not good, Aya.” (Lucy)<br/>
Mage-san glared at Warrior-san when she said that.<br/>
“Yees, I have reflected on it.” (Aya)<br/>
“You definitely haven’t.” (Lucy)<br/>
Mage-san is pulling the cheeks of Warrior-san.<br/>
Warrior-san is also doing that.<br/>
They get along so well.<br/>
Hmm…<br/>
Mage Lucy-san who was saved when in danger. <br/>
Warrior Aya-san who has been together with him since a long time ago.<br/>
Both are things I don’t have. <br/>
Looks like it doesn’t serve as a frame of reference.<br/>
“Well, if we were to compare them with Aya’s, mine is more dramatic.” (Lucy)<br/>
The Mage-san stuck out her chest proudly. <br/>
“You don’t get it, Lu-chan. Falling in love because you love passing your daily life with him is the best way to fall in love with someone. Also, I have been together with him for longer.” (Aya)<br/>
The Warrior-san shakes her head with a ‘good grief’.<br/>
“If we are going by length, then I have been together with him the longest since he arrived to this world. Also, it is all about the man saving the girl from danger. They call it the Hero Desire or something.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Haah…Lu-chan, falling in love like that is what they call an easy woman. Sadly to say, you fall in that category.” (Aya)<br/>
“Huh?! If you are going that path, then I heard from Makoto and Fujiyan-san that the childhood friend heroine always loses since time immemorial.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Those otakus… Too bad\~. Childhood friend heroines are from elementary school. A friend since middle school is not in the childhood friend heroine category\~.” (Aya)<br/>
“Ugugu… The rules of other worlds are a pain. Then, Aya is a mob heroine.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Huh?! Are you picking a fight, Lu-chan?!” (Aya)<br/>
“You are the one who shot first, Aya!” (Lucy)<br/>
The Mage Lucy-san and Warrior Aya-san were glaring at each other with their noses sticking to each other. <br/>
If this had been at the beginning when I just met them, I would have gone ‘aah, it will turn into a fight!’, but their fights are always just them playing around. <br/>
Even so, what’s this about ‘Easy Woman’ and ‘Heroine’? <br/>
I don’t understand otherworlder lingo.<br/>
“Then, we are sneaking into the room of Makoto tonight and settling this, Aya!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Just what I was waiting for, Lu-chan. Choose cute underwear.” (Aya)<br/>
“Even though we are taking them off?” (Lucy)<br/>
“If we are having Takatsuki-kun take them off, cute is better, right?” (Aya)<br/>
By the time I noticed, the conversation had derailed heavily.<br/>
Or more like, what are they talking about?! <br/>
“Hey, do you understand that I am in the same tent?!” (Furiae)<br/>
“Iyan!” “Kyan!” <br/>
I couldn’t condone the contents of such a conversation, and so I smacked both the head of the Mage-san and Warrior-san.<br/>
 If I leave them be, these two end up going on a rampage without limit.<br/>
Moreover, they are not joking. It is troubling that they seriously do it. <br/>
““…….””<br/>
The Mage-san and Warrior-san look intently at me.<br/>
“Furi has gotten serious lately when it comes to Makoto.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Right? She gets angry instantly.” (Aya)<br/>
“W-What?! That’s not true!” (Furiae)<br/>
I went ‘hmph’ and faced the other way.<br/>
The Warrior-san and Mage-san look at each other.<br/>
“What do you think, Aya?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Well, if Fu-chan says so, isn’t that the case? In the head of Fu-chan, that is.” (Aya)<br/>
Kuh, what’s with you two?! Their talk is totally telling me they don’t believe me at all! <br/>
“Right. Changing the topic. Lu-chan, a female knight-san from the Sun Knights said that she wanted to try talking with Takatsuki-kun.” (Aya)<br/>
“Eh?! What’s with that?!” (Lucy)<br/>
“I stealthily heard about it, and it seems like Takatsuki-kun is being aimed at.” (Aya)<br/>
“Even though we are still in the middle of a war, aren’t they lacking any sense of danger?!” (Lucy)<br/>
The two were puffing in anger, but in my eyes, you two are also full of pink in your head.<br/>
The two of them were now complaining about this and that about the man they love.<br/>
Stuff like ‘dense’ and ‘flag raiser’.<br/>
Even when they were complaining, they seemed to be having fun.<br/>
(…At any rate…) (Furiae)<br/>
After seeing those two, I thought…I really am different from those two.<br/>
I…don’t think I am in love with Takatsuki Makoto.<br/>
He just irritates me after all.<br/>
After a while, My Knight came back.<br/>
He shared the contents of the meeting, and he left immediately to train.<br/>
The Mage-san and Warrior-san continued talking, and it seems like they got tired from talking, they fell asleep.<br/>
I…couldn’t sleep.<br/>
Is that man still training? <br/>
Is he being seduced by a woman again?<br/>
You are my Guardian Knight, so stay by my side.<br/>
…It annoys me.<br/>
By the time I noticed, I was walking to the spring where Takatsuki Makoto is training at. <br/>
◇Takatsuki Makoto POV◇<br/>
“Hey, My Knight.” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san, who had the light of the moon shining on her, had her hands on her back, and was walking around me as if circling me. <br/>
When I looked at her, she averted her gaze.<br/>
She is as beautiful as ever, but the corner of her lips are facing down and her look isn’t positive.<br/>
Looks like she is in a bad mood.<br/>
This must be that. <br/>
I must make her feel better as her Guardian Knight.<br/>
“What may be the matter, Princess? You seem to be in an ill mood today.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Stop that way of speaking. It is creepy.” (Furiae)<br/>
“So harsh.” (Makoto)<br/>
I got insulted for some reason.<br/>
“…”<br/>
“……?”<br/>
Furiae-san isn’t saying anything.<br/>
It couldn’t be helped, so I continued training.<br/>
I spoke to the Spirits, created butterflies, and had them fly around.<br/>
While I did that, Furiae-san was looking intently at me.<br/>
…I can’t relax.<br/>
After a while of being watched while training…<br/>
“Hey, My Knight, can’t you make something aside from butterflies with your water magic?” (Furiae)<br/>
“I can. What do you want me to make?” (Makoto)<br/>
Furaie-san spoke to me. <br/>
“I want to see something big.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Okay\~.” (Makoto)<br/>
I made a whale with water magic and had it fly. <br/>
“How’s that?” (Makoto)<br/>
“So-so. Now, next is…” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san has a lot of requests today. <br/>
But it seems like her mood got better in the time I was showing her my magic, her voice got brighter.<br/>
I continued making a whole lot of creatures with my water magic. <br/>
(…I am pretty tired now.) (Makoto)<br/>
Furiae-san indeed had a lot of requests today.<br/>
“Shall we go back now, Princess?” (Makoto)<br/>
“R-Right! It is late now, so let’s go back, My Knight.” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san and I walked back to the tent together. <br/>
It is well past midnight. <br/>
Furiae-san was humming at my side.<br/>
She seems to be in a good mood.<br/>
“Didn’t you have something to talk to me about?” (Makoto)<br/>
I asked Furiae-san, but she responded with ‘it is nothing’.<br/>
We were now in front of the tent.<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san must be sleeping already, so we gotta enter silently so to not wake them up.<br/>
(…[Stealth].) (Makoto)<br/>
“Stop it.” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san smacked my head.<br/>
“What?” (Makoto)<br/>
I glared at her as if complaining.<br/>
“Using stealth while entering the tent where girls are sleeping is something a criminal would do.” (Furiae)<br/>
“…That’s true.” (Makoto)<br/>
Let’s enter normally. <br/>
I extend my hand to the entrance of the tent. <br/>
“Wait!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san pulled my hand.<br/>
“Woah!” (Makoto)<br/>
There’s no way I would be able to resist when being pulled by the strength of an Oracle.<br/>
I was pulled with enough strength that I was lifted from the ground for an instant.<br/>
“Hey, Princess, what are you doing all of a sud—” (Makoto)<br/>
*Pang!!*<br/>
At that moment, a giant shadow landed.<br/>
At the same time, the ground shook heavily. <br/>
A giant body of several meters that’s impossible for a human to have.<br/>
“I am impressed you avoided that! Rozes Hero!” <br/>
The one who appeared in front of us was a giant talking monster.<br/>
No, a demon.<br/>
The miasma and mana that is covering its body reminded me of the Demon Lord Bifrons’s subordinates, Shuri and Setekh. <br/>
“I am the close aide of Zagan-sama; one of the Ten Claws, Hayate of the Gale! I have come to assassinate the Rozes Hero! I will be taking that life of yours!” <br/>
What’s with that headache inducing name?<br/>
Also, if you are going to do assassinating, do it more silently! <br/>
I didn’t have the time to retort. <br/>
The demon attacked us.<br/>
 