[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c194](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/12/21/wm-chapter-194-sakurai-ryosuke-is-reminded/)
<br/><br/>
Sponsored Chapter!<br/>
◇Sakurai Ryosuke POV◇<br/>
I ended up in a parallel world 2 years ago.<br/>
I had my Skills checked in the Water Temple, and the moment they learned I was the Light Hero, I was immediately praised fervently as the reincarnation of the Savior.<br/>
It wasn’t all bad.<br/>
The Sun Country said that they would welcome me with the best treatment, and said that I could bring along friends with me. <br/>
That they would all be treated as state guests.<br/>
If I do my job as the Light Hero, they were apparently going to assure my livelihood for the rest of my life. <br/>
I requested to bring along all of my classmates, but the people who got strong Skills said ‘I will do what I want’ and left. <br/>
Even Takatsuki-kun, who I wanted to come, rejected me which was a pity. <br/>
After that, I learned about this world, learned how to use magic and the sword, met with a variety of people…<br/>
And then, in the battle against the demon lord army. <br/>
We had the superior position in the battles. <br/>
I managed to defeat the Demon Lord as planned.<br/>
Without any big casualties.<br/>
“Push back the demon lord army further!” <br/>
Someone said that, but General Yuwein who was in command forbade overstepping. <br/>
However, the demon lord army didn’t completely retreat, and it ended up in us watching the situation…and we were attacked.<br/>
Maybe due to us lowering our guards after defeating the Demon Lord, by the time we noticed, me and the 7th Division had been separated from the others with a barrier. <br/>
This barrier that was made solely to trap the Light Hero was powerful, and this was the first time my attacks didn’t work.<br/>
Also, the sunlight that is the core of the Light Hero’s Skill had been weakened.<br/>
This is most likely a strategy of the enemy as well.<br/>
My comrades fell…one after the other…<br/>
And then, the only one left standing was me.<br/>
(…This is the end, huh.) (Sakurai)<br/>
I thought this as I swung my sword.<br/>
I can still fight.<br/>
I am fine for 1 hour more.<br/>
I could manage 2 hours.<br/>
3 hours might be painful. <br/>
4 hours…is most likely impossible.<br/>
Help won’t be coming here. <br/>
My comrades have already given their lives for me. <br/>
I don’t think I will be able to escape from this black barrier, and the monsters are attacking endlessly. <br/>
I feel like I am going crazy.<br/>
I am not swinging my sword out of a sense of duty as a Hero, but because of fear…because I don’t want to die.<br/>
Or maybe it is my despairing heart? <br/>
It will soon be over though.<br/>
……<br/>
I eventually abandoned all thoughts, and began to cut down enemies in a robotic manner.<br/>
And then, at the time when my knees were about to give out, cold water was suddenly poured on my head.<br/>
(I was attacked?!) (Sakurai)<br/>
But I wasn’t injured at all.<br/>
It didn’t have any killing intent, or more like, it was water magic that I couldn’t even tell if it was an attack or not.<br/>
The one who did that…was my childhood friend.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“For now, let’s do something about this barrier.” (Makoto)<br/>
The blank face of Takatsuki-kun was the same as always as he said this.<br/>
It is the same face as that time he saved me when I was in trouble in my first year of middle school. <br/>
“You can break this barrier, Takatsuki-kun?!” (Sakurai)<br/>
I have tried to break the barrier plenty of times.<br/>
Also, there should be a lot of skilled mages with General Yuwein outside. <br/>
Even with that, there hasn’t been any breakthrough for a whole day. <br/>
The response of Takatsuki-kun wasn’t an answer to my question.<br/>
“Sakurai-kun, grab onto me.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh?” (Sakurai)<br/>
“Quick quick.” (Makoto)<br/>
“G-Got it.” (Sakurai)<br/>
I grabbed the shoulder of Takatsuki-kun.<br/>
“It doesn’t have to be with both hands though… Well, fine.” (Makoto)<br/>
Saying this, Takatsuki-kun raised his left hand high up.<br/>
“Water Magic: [Great Waterfall].” (Makoto)<br/>
“Uwa!” (Sakurai)<br/>
The next instant, a massive amount of water as if a pool had been turned upside down swept the whole place.<br/>
And it continued with no signs of ending.<br/>
The place we were in was swallowed by water in an instant. <br/>
I-I’m going to drown! <br/>
“Water Magic: [Underwater Breathing].” (Makoto)<br/>
“Water Magic; [Underwater Talk].” (Makoto)<br/>
That voice reached my ears.<br/>
{Can you hear me, Sakurai-kun?} (Makoto)<br/>
{…Yeah…that’s impressive. There’s magic like this, huh.} (Sakurai)<br/>
I learned about Underwater Breathing at Laberintos, but I didn’t know there was a spell that allowed for talking. <br/>
Also, Takatsuki-kun is using Great Waterfall which allows the generation of a massive amount of water. <br/>
He is using 3 spells at the same time. <br/>
A mage that can use 3 spells at the same time is rare even within the Sun Knights.<br/>
At that moment…<br/>
(Takatsuki-kun! Enemies are coming!) (Sakurai)<br/>
Despite being underwater, there were monsters who were approaching us at fast speeds. <br/>
“Water Magic: [Water Dragon].” (Makoto)<br/>
Takatsuki-kun shot a spell without even looking there.<br/>
The monsters were spun around as they washed away. <br/>
{I think the inside of the barrier is close to being filled with water\~. Water generated from magic is treated as a magic attack, huh. It is being absorbed by the barrier… Going as expected.} (Makoto)<br/>
Takatsuki-kun scratched his cheek as he laughed faintly. <br/>
But isn’t that bad?<br/>
{If it is being absorbed by the barrier, isn’t it pointless…?} (Sakurai)<br/>
{It is okay. I just have to generate more water than it is being absorbed.} (Makoto)<br/>
{…Can you…do that?} (Sakurai)<br/>
{I can. With Spirit Magic, that is.} (Makoto)<br/>
Takatsuki-kun says while showing me a cocky smile.<br/>
Aah, this face that says he is totally into it. <br/>
It is the face Takatsuki-kun makes when he is doing a prank.<br/>
{Now then, let’s move to the next step.} (Makoto)<br/>
{Next step?} (Sakurai)<br/>
What in the world could it be?<br/>
“Water Magic: [Deep Sea].” (Makoto)<br/>
The moment I heard those words, chills ran down my back. <br/>
This is the spell that…Takatsuki-kun used on the Lightning Hero at Highland.<br/>
{Sakurai-kun, don’t let go, okay?} (Makoto)<br/>
I frantically nodded.<br/>
And then, I heard the voice of Takatsuki-kun -with the water magic as the intermediary.<br/>
“Water Depth: 10,000 meters.” (Makoto)<br/>
The metric system isn’t the length measurement system used in this world. <br/>
That’s why this spell must be an original of Takatsuki-kun.<br/>
If I remember correctly, the deepest ocean of our world was the Mariana Trench.<br/>
Its depth is 10,900 meters. <br/>
In other words, 10,000 meters in the deep sea is close to the deepest it is in our world.<br/>
I am not the scientific type, but I think the calculation for 1cm² is 1 ton. <br/>
There’s no living being that can live in that.<br/>
I use [Detection].<br/>
Monsters that were alive inside the barrier…<br/>
There were none.<br/>
(T-Takatsuki-kun…) (Sakurai)<br/>
I was worried.<br/>
This is the 5th spell.<br/>
Moreover, a spell of this scale. <br/>
Is he okay with the mana and the control?<br/>
{Ooh, the monsters that are entering the barrier are getting defeated on their own. Lucky\~.} (Makoto)<br/>
I heard the bouncy voice of Takatsuki-kun.<br/>
Ah, he seems to be totally fine. <br/>
I waited for a while more inside the water, but monsters can’t get to where we are to begin with.<br/>
It was a peaceful time.<br/>
{There’s nothing to do.} (Makoto)<br/>
Takatsuki-kun stretched as if he was bored.<br/>
He continues using Great Waterfall as if it were nothing, and he is defeating the monsters that are entering by using Deep Sea. <br/>
You would normally need an unbelievable amount of concentration though…<br/>
{Takatsuki-kun, what will you do after…?} (Sakurai)<br/>
It doesn’t change the fact that we can’t get out of the barrier. <br/>
Shocking words came from Takatsuki-kun.<br/>
{For now, let’s try waiting 24 hours.} (Makoto)<br/>
{Twenty four?!} (Sakurai)<br/>
I was so surprised I was about to let my hand go.<br/>
That’s a whole day.<br/>
{According to Oracle Esther-san, you won’t be able to survive this night, so if we manage to stop that, won’t the vision of the future change?} (Makoto)<br/>
{But even if that’s the case, 24 hours is just…} (Sakurai)<br/>
There’s no way he can concentrate for that long.<br/>
{If it were a game, I could play for 3 days straight though.} (Makoto)<br/>
{…}<br/>
Now that he mentions it, that’s true. <br/>
When Takatsuki-kun says he hasn’t slept for 3 days, it really does literally mean that he hasn’t slept for 3 days.<br/>
{There’s nothing to do, so let’s talk about something, Sakurai-kun.} (Makoto)<br/>
{Right now?!} (Sakurai)<br/>
I was getting whiplash from the difference between now and the despairing situation of before, but I tried to work my brain to find something to say. <br/>
{Then, about the Ancient Dragon I fought when I went to the Earth Country…} (Sakurai)<br/>
{Oh, nice! I want to hear about that!} (Makoto)<br/>
Takatsuki-kun bit onto the topic.<br/>
After that, I listened to the time when Takatsuki-kun went wild in the Fire Country.<br/>
I got barraged with questions about my fiances, and when I was wondering what was the matter, he asked me for advice saying: ‘I have been getting easily dragged into matters about women, you see… I am aiming for the hardcore playthrough here though’.  <br/>
I don’t think I am the appropriate person you should be asking that.<br/>
We continued that kind of talk for a while.<br/>
At that moment…*Crack* <br/>
I heard a sound like that of something cracking.<br/>
This is…?! <br/>
{Takatsuki-kun!} (Sakurai)<br/>
{What, that was faster than I thought.} (Makoto)<br/>
The barrier was breaking. <br/>
{Just how…against that barrier…?} (Sakurai)<br/>
{I think it simply passed the limit of how much it could absorb.} (Makoto)<br/>
Takatsuki-kun said this as if nothing. <br/>
Barrier breaking.<br/>
There’s two big patterns for that method. <br/>
One is to understand the barrier’s magic formula, and break that formula; the smart way.<br/>
The other one is to hit the powerful barrier with a powerful spell to break it; the brute force method.<br/>
Takatsuki-kun took the latter one.<br/>
{I thought it would last longer though…} (Makoto)<br/>
It felt off.<br/>
From the way Takatsuki-kun spoke, it is as if having the barrier would have been better…<br/>
“Sakurai-kun, it is your turn.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Alright.” (Sakurai)<br/>
I understand the reason why soon enough.<br/>
The barrier crumbled, and the water that Takatsuki-kun generated turned into the shape of a giant dragon and rose up into the sky. <br/>
The sky I hadn’t seen for a whole day was covered in black clouds.<br/>
However, there was something that shocked me even more. <br/>
A giant silver beast was standing in front of us. <br/>
I am familiar with that figure. <br/>
But the silver beast in my memories was older than this. <br/>
It wasn’t as young as the giant beast in front of us.<br/>
The Beast King Zagan.<br/>
According to what Takatsuki-kun said in the barrier, the one standing in front of us is the one that inherited the power of the previous generation and became the next Demon Lord.<br/>
 