[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c196](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/12/24/wm-chapter-196-takatsuki-makoto-challenges-the-demon-lord/)
<br/><br/>
“Let’s defeat the Demon Lord.” <br/>
That reliable voice relaxes me. <br/>
I turned once again and looked at the face of the outstanding mage.<br/>
And then, I noticed.<br/>
I ended up noticing.<br/>
“Great Sage-sama…aren’t you looking under-the-weather there?” (Makoto)<br/>
The Great Sage-sama is always pale since she is a vampire, but her complexion right now is far more pronounced than that…<br/>
Her expression is stiff, most likely due to her state.<br/>
“Yeah, I pushed myself pretty hard to get here after all… Spirit User-kun, sorry, but I request for the usual.” <br/>
“O-Okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
I opened my collar, and offered my neck.<br/>
The Great Sage-sama immediately went ‘nom’ and gulping sounds were being made.<br/>
…Isn’t she going stronger than usual? <br/>
I might get anemic. <br/>
“Great Sage-sama?! Aren’t you sucking too much?!” (Sakurai)<br/>
Sakurai-kun shouted flustered. <br/>
“Puha! Hyuu. The taste of blood after a long travel is the best.” <br/>
“…Aren’t you treating me like a sports drink?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Aah, I’m back to life, back to life.” <br/>
You are an undead though?<br/>
“Great Sage-sama, please drink my blood too.” (Sakurai)<br/>
“Uhm, I am grateful for the offer, but…” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama was troubled on what to say to the offer of Sakurai-kun.<br/>
What, I am the only one getting all my blood sucked here.<br/>
Drink the blood of Sakurai-kun too, is what I thought, but then I remembered.<br/>
Is it because of that?<br/>
That thing about blood not tasting good unless they are virgins?<br/>
“This isn’t the time to be saying that, Great Sage-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
I gave my honest opinion.<br/>
“But you know…I tried it once, and it was unbelievably bad. I haven’t had a taste like that since Johnny, you know…?” <br/>
“…That much?” (Makoto)<br/>
The Great Sage-sama’s expression was so serious that I stopped pursuing the matter.<br/>
Also, this isn’t the time to be having idle chatter.<br/>
We created distance with Teleport, but it looks like the Demon Lord has noticed us now.<br/>
And he also noticed the fact that the Great Sage-sama is with us. <br/>
“Light Hero-kun, can you fight?” <br/>
“…I think that will be rough. It took me my all just to stop the attacks of the Beast King.” (Sakurai)<br/>
“…I see. Got it. Leave it to me from here on. You two run away.” <br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
What? Won’t we fight together? <br/>
According to Sakurai-kun, everyone cooperated to defeat the previous Beast King.<br/>
In that case, shouldn’t we be doing the same this time around too? <br/>
But it is the Great Sage-sama.<br/>
She might actually pull that solo clear. <br/>
[Will you leave the Great Sage and run away from here?]<br/>
Yes<br/>
No<br/>
RPG Player activated.<br/>
Choices were floating.<br/>
‘Leave the Great Sage-sama’… that’s a weird sentence. <br/>
It bothers me.<br/>
“Understood. Takatsuki-kun, we will be hindrances here, so let’s move away from here.” (Sakurai)<br/>
“Great Sage-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
I ignore Sakurai-kun and question her.<br/>
“What?” <br/>
“Can you win against the Demon Lord alone?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…I haven’t grown so frail as to have you guys worry about me.” <br/>
I could feel her usual leisure mood from those words of hers.<br/>
The Great Sage-sama normally doesn’t act at night due to her being a vampire. <br/>
Moreover, she has gone back and forth between Camelon and Highland.<br/>
She must be quite exhausted.<br/>
It must have been pretty heavy on her.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun…?” (Sakurai)<br/>
Sakurai-kun looks at me uneasy seeing that I am not running away.<br/>
“It is okay, so just go! We can’t go losing the Light Hero here. The only one who can defeat the Great Demon Lord is the Light Hero.” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama said angrily.<br/>
(She really is pushing herself here.) (Makoto)<br/>
Maybe she is trying to sacrifice herself? <br/>
The Great Sage-sama has helped me out a lot. <br/>
In Laberintos, in the Sun Country, and in various other things too. <br/>
Return good will with good will.<br/>
“Great Sage-sama, I have an idea.” (Makoto)<br/>
“What?” <br/>
“Takatsuki-kun?” (Sakurai)<br/>
“How about this?” (Makoto)<br/>
I tell the two about the plan I thought of just now.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“…That’s about how it goes.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hooh, that’s interesting!” <br/>
“It is true that with that method…” (Sakurai)<br/>
The Great Sage-sama and Sakurai-kun showed interest in what I explained.<br/>
“GUUOOOOOOOOHHHH!!” <br/>
At that moment, the roar of the Demon Lord made the air tremble and it resonated in the place.<br/>
The bloodlust of the Demon Lord is increasing.<br/>
“Woah, he seemed to have been wary about us, but after not showing any signs of doing anything, he must have run out of patience.” <br/>
The eyes of the Great Sage-sama got sharper.<br/>
“I will buy time. I leave it to you, Takatsuki-kun.” (Sakurai)<br/>
“I will protect the Spirit User-kun.” <br/>
“Sakurai-kun! I will finish preparations in 5 minutes. The Great Sage-sama will send the signal.” (Makoto)<br/>
We all confirm our roles.<br/>
“GUUUUOOOOOOOO!!” <br/>
When the Demon Lord opened its mouth, black fire was spit out. <br/>
It is as if the fire of a massive flamethrower was approaching us.<br/>
The next instant, the scenery blurred. <br/>
The place changed due to the Teleport of the Great Sage-sama.<br/>
But the attack of the Demon Lord wasn’t stopping.<br/>
Because Sakurai-kun is staying in that place.<br/>
The aim of the Demon Lord is the Light Hero.<br/>
Sakurai-kun is putting his life on the line to buy time. <br/>
That’s why I must make preparations at the fastest speed I can.<br/>
[Clear Mind] 100%.<br/>
And then…<br/>
[Spirit Arm].<br/>
I raised my right arm to the sky. <br/>
While at it, I had the Water Spirits in the whole area help out. <br/>
An amount of mana that would be enough to even destroy the comet that attacked the Fire Country’s capital was gathering.<br/>
“He obviously would notice, huh.” <br/>
Just as the Great Sage-sama said, the Demon Lord stopped attacking Sakurai-kun.<br/>
He thought over it for a bit, and then shot black fire over here as well. <br/>
“What a half-baked attack.” <br/>
The moment the Great Sage-sama chanted something, a giant thin mirror-like wall appeared before us.<br/>
The moment the black fire of the Demon Lord hit the wall, the black fire was bounced back. <br/>
(The highest type of barrier magic, Reflection Barrier!) (Makoto)<br/>
Returning the spell of the enemy just as it is. It is the most difficult barrier magic.<br/>
The Great Sage-sama used it perfectly as if it were nothing.<br/>
“I am lacking the mana right now, you see. I can only use these kinds of stingy spells.” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama mutters this in dissatisfaction.<br/>
A Reflection Barrier should be a Saint Rank spell though…<br/>
Zagan resumed his attacks on Sakurai-kun.<br/>
Looks like the Great Sage-sama and I are being left for later. <br/>
“Let’s get in his way for a bit.” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama says this and shoots a Monarch Rank Fire Spell, Phoenix.<br/>
The Demon Lord avoids it as if finding it annoying.<br/>
Sakurai-kun is somehow managing to endure the attacks.<br/>
“Kuku…that Demon Lord should be concentrating his aim at the Light Hero already. He is getting confused about who he should be attacking.” <br/>
I heard the amused voice of the Great Sage-sama.<br/>
She says this, but the attacks of the Great Sage-sama are not dealing fatal damage. She is continuously shooting spells that can be registered as damage. <br/>
There’s no doubt it is annoying to the Demon Lord.<br/>
“Is it not done yet, Spirit User-kun?” <br/>
“…Need around…3 more minutes, I think.” (Makoto)<br/>
I continue gathering mana. <br/>
Sakurai-kun is concentrating on diverting the attacks of the Demon Lord.<br/>
I don’t think he will be losing with that.<br/>
The stalemate continued for a while and…my preparations finished.<br/>
Alright! <br/>
I should be able to do it with this mana!<br/>
“Great Sage-sama!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Finally!” <br/>
I called the Great Sage-sama, and she responded with happiness mixed in her voice.<br/>
I activated the spell.<br/>
“Water Magic: [Water Generation].” (Makoto)<br/>
What I did after gathering a massive amount of mana wasn’t even to use elementary magic, it was to generate water.<br/>
I simply made water with the mana.<br/>
Far above the skies, higher than the pitch black clouds. <br/>
“Great Sage-sama! Please do something about the clouds!” (Makoto)<br/>
I called the Great Sage-sama, and urged her to do the next step.<br/>
“Clear up.” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama raised her voice, and an opening was made in the pitch black clouds.<br/>
The opening might be a bit smaller than when I did it. <br/>
“Tch, I am not good with brute force methods like this.” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama complains, but this is plenty enough.<br/>
Light shines down from the small opening in the clouds.<br/>
But it isn’t the little bit of light like before.<br/>
It is the concentrated light of all the light in about 20km.<br/>
“I am surprised you can create something like that, Spirit User-kun.” <br/>
“……”<br/>
The amazed voice of Great Sage-sama reached my ears, but I couldn’t answer because I am controlling the Spirit Arm and the spell.<br/>
But even I could see it from the opening of the clouds.<br/>
The giant water lens of around 10km in radius I made with water magic.<br/>
◇Sakurai Ryosuke POV◇<br/>
Create a lens with water magic to gather the light. <br/>
That was the plan of Takatsuki-kun.<br/>
There was a method like that?! <br/>
But it is most likely not a well known method in this world.<br/>
As proof of this, the Great Sage-sama who knows everything was nodding at this as if impressed.<br/>
“I agree. Let’s go with that Spirit User-kun.” <br/>
“Please do, Takatsuki-kun!” (Sakurai)<br/>
The Great Sage-sama and I agreed to the plan of Takatsuki-kun.<br/>
“Alright\~.” (Makoto)<br/>
Takatsuki-kun was already pumped up, and he raised his blue arm to the sky. <br/>
That face of his was like that of the times when he is about to pull off a prank.<br/>
After that, I tried to endure the attacks of the Demon Lord and act as bait. <br/>
It is similar to the time before the Great Sage-sama came. <br/>
But it is different. <br/>
It is a defensive stance with a clear plan behind it. <br/>
The lead of the plan is Takatsuki-kun.<br/>
Then there’s nothing to doubt. <br/>
After a while, everything in front of me turned pure white.<br/>
And then, I notice that this is actually the light of the sun.<br/>
It is here! <br/>
My body is basking in the concentrated light of several kilometers. <br/>
And then, the light was changed into aura by the Light Hero Skill.<br/>
Light Hero; the Skill of Savior Abel was activated.<br/>
The Demon Lord swung his giant hand.<br/>
It is power that could crush the Highland Castle in one hit. <br/>
That amount of power is being swung at me.<br/>
Just a few moments ago, I could only evade.<br/>
But…<br/>
“[Light Shield].” (Sakurai)<br/>
I raised my right hand in front of me, and a massive shield appeared in between me and the Demon Lord.<br/>
The attack of the Demon Lord was easily blocked.<br/>
“GUUUUUUOOOOOHHH!!” <br/>
The Demon Lord roars and unleashes his next attack.<br/>
Raging black flames rushed.<br/>
But all of them didn’t reach me.<br/>
Light continued to shine on me in that time too.<br/>
Mana and aura were returning to my body.<br/>
I won’t let this chance Takatsuki-kun created for me go to waste. <br/>
(…My body is hot.) (Sakurai)<br/>
It is as if I am burning up.<br/>
I glance up.<br/>
The gigantic water lens of more than 10km in radius that Takatsuki-kun created was gathering the light of the sun here.<br/>
At that moment, the light got distorted.<br/>
According to Takatsuki-kun, he could hang on for around 1 minute. <br/>
We most likely reached the time limit.<br/>
But it is enough.<br/>
I have gathered enough sunlight to defeat the Demon Lord.<br/>
I chanted the spell incantation that I was taught at the Goddess Church which was apparently used by Savior Abel.<br/>
“The angels sing.Guiding their invaluable lord.Filling the earth and the heavens with feelings of gratitude.Let’s celebrate this greatly auspicious day.Glory to the Goddess high in the heavens.”<br/>
“[Sword of the Light Seraph, Uriel]” (Sakurai)<br/>
The sword I was holding turned into a sword clad in white fire. <br/>
The giant lion beast of silver fur.<br/>
I felt like Zagan quivered there.<br/>
The Demon Lord raised a roar once again.<br/>
It is lunging my way.<br/>
“[Sword of Punishment: Flash].” (Sakurai)<br/>
I silently swing my sword.<br/>
The arc drawn by the sword looked slow.<br/>
With a speed like this, it is going to be avoided by the Demon Lord.<br/>
That kind of mistaken thought crossed my mind.<br/>
It has stopped.<br/>
The wind.<br/>
The flow of the clouds.<br/>
The sound.<br/>
The Demon Lord that was heading my way was frozen in place.<br/>
I was the only one who was moving in this frozen world.<br/>
And the sword I was swinging slowly shot out a light wave, and it reached the Demon Lord.<br/>
The next instant, a massive light pillar was raised and turned into a cross.<br/>
The screams of the Demon Lord that were loud enough to make the ground tremble resonated in the area.<br/>
 