[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c205](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/01/11/wm-chapter-205-takatsuki-makoto-gets-embroiled/)
<br/><br/>
Sponsored Chapter!<br/>
“Oi, Rozes Hero, why are you together with my little sister?” (Geralt)<br/>
Woops, we have encountered a problematic one. <br/>
“Gera-chi, what’s the matter?”<br/>
The one who peeked her head at the back of Geralt-san was a familiar brown skinned exotic beauty, the Fire Hero, Olga-san.<br/>
…What a peculiar combination.<br/>
“N-Nii-sama, you were together with Olga-sama, huh.” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san was slightly agitated, but responded calmly.<br/>
“Oh? Janet-chan\~. Are you together with a man? What a girl, ui ui\~.” (Olga)<br/>
“O-Olga-sama? Are you drunk?” (Janet)<br/>
“I will be getting drunk from here on☆.” (Olga)<br/>
Was Olga-san this kind of character?<br/>
“Oi, Rozes Hero, are you listening?!” (Geralt)<br/>
“Aah, yes, I am listening\~.” (Makoto)<br/>
Oops, my brain just froze there. <br/>
“Let me in. That’s fine with you, right?” (Geralt)<br/>
“G-Go ahead.” (Makoto)<br/>
Doesn’t sound like I can refuse anyways.<br/>
Since there’s the chance, let’s get along better with two Heroes. <br/>
They are both scary people that beat me up real bad in the past though.<br/>
But…<br/>
“Nii-sama, can you please go over there?” (Janet)<br/>
“Wa?! Janet?” (Geralt)<br/>
Janet-san said in a cold tone, and Geralt-san took a step back as if taken aback by this.<br/>
“Gera-chi, you shouldn’t do that. Getting in the way of your little sister. See ya, Janet-chan, Rozes Hero-san\~.” (Olga)<br/>
“O-Oi.” (Geralt)<br/>
Olga-san dragged Geralt-san away. <br/>
Eh? We are not gonna be eating together? <br/>
“Sorry about my brother.” (Janet)<br/>
“Is it okay to not eat with them?” (Makoto)<br/>
“It is okay!” (Janet)<br/>
“I see… By the way, Geralt-san and Olga-san get along well, huh.” (Makoto)<br/>
“It seems like they were fighting closeby at the battle with the demon lord army, so it was since then… They have interacted with each other in the past though.” (Janet)<br/>
“I see.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Olga-sama has been staying in the room of my brother for a long while as of late…” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san said awkwardly. <br/>
“Staying long…?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yes. As in, till morning…” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san glares at me as if telling me ‘get it already’.<br/>
Aah, till morning huh! <br/>
Eeeeeeeeh?! <br/>
Geralt-san and Olga-san were in that kind of relationship?! <br/>
I didn’t know…<br/>
I glance at Geralt-san and Olga-san who are sitting slightly further away from us, and it is more like Olga-san is the one who is proactively approaching him.<br/>
Geralt-san is looking as if he is finding that annoying, but he is conversing with her as if having fun.<br/>
They are most likely compatible with them being battle junkies and all that. <br/>
Ah, Gera-san glared at me as if going ‘hah?’.<br/>
I hurriedly avert my gaze.<br/>
“Takatsuki Makoto, isn’t the matter of my brother fine already? You are together with me right now.” (Janet)<br/>
Saying this, Janet-san held my hand.<br/>
…The eyes of Geralt-san grew even sharper. <br/>
“Janet-san, are you drunk?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Fufu, I haven’t drunk that much.” (Janet)<br/>
She says that as she places her head on my shoulder. <br/>
Aah, this is the same move as Lucy when she is drunk.<br/>
Hmm…I am scared of looking at where Geralt-san is.<br/>
I say that, but with Perspective Change, I glance for a bit at the seats over there…and Olga-san was making Gera-san drink. <br/>
He isn’t looking over here.<br/>
Safe safe.<br/>
“Takatsuki Makoto, your mind is elsewhere.” (Janet)<br/>
“…That’s not true.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Please look at me.” (Janet)<br/>
She placed a hand on my cheek and my head was made to face Janet-san.<br/>
Janet-san’s head was on my shoulder, so her breath was so close it could reach me. <br/>
Her glossy blonde hair brushed my face. <br/>
Her long eyelashes and slanted eyes on her beautiful face was looking up at me. <br/>
“You have time today, right?” (Janet)<br/>
She whispered in my ear. <br/>
“…Well, a bit of time.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Then, keep me company, okay?” (Janet)<br/>
I did make her accompany me to the sudden visit of Esther-san. <br/>
Refusing this would be unfair. <br/>
“…It is okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Fufufu, I have gained consent.” (Janet)<br/>
Janet-san said something ominous which made me feel slightly uneasy. Her cheeks are slightly pink, so it is just her being weak to alcohol, right? Just when I was thinking about this…<br/>
“…What are you doing?” <br/>
A cold voice like that of a blizzard.<br/>
At the opposite side of Janet-san.<br/>
Someone had sat on the neighboring seat. <br/>
Who is it? <br/>
Before I could confirm, my arm had been taken and my body was pulled over to that side.<br/>
After that, I finally managed to turn and confirm her face.<br/>
“P-Princess Sofia?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I have been searching for you, Hero Makoto.” (Sofia)<br/>
The Water Oracle that had an icy smile had a tight grip on my arm. <br/>
Could it be that she is alone?<br/>
I thought that, but a number of knights were standing at the entrance.<br/>
“W-Why are you here?” (Makoto)<br/>
“You were taking too long to come back, so I came to get you. Now, let’s go back.” (Sofa)<br/>
No, I was asking how you knew I was here.<br/>
Ah, Nina-san is making a face of ‘crap!’ and hid her face.<br/>
So Nina-san was the informant, huh.<br/>
(She did say she wouldn’t be telling Lucy and Sa-san, but she didn’t say she wouldn’t tell Princess Sofia…) (Makoto)<br/>
Nina-san is the wife of Fuji-yan.<br/>
Fuji-yan is a noble of the Water Country. <br/>
If she were to get asked by the royalty of Rozes that’s the superior of her husband, she would have no choice but to answer…<br/>
Princess Sofia and Janet-san are currently glaring at each other with me in between.<br/>
“Oh my, Sofia. Right now Makoto and I are having a meal. Can you please not?” (Janet)<br/>
“You must have had it rough being entangled by a weird woman. Now, let’s leave, Hero Makoto.” (Sofia)<br/>
“A restrictive woman ends up having her man run away, you know?” (Janet)<br/>
“Can you please not try to wile my fiance?” (Sofia)<br/>
“Oh? He said that he would be accompanying me until morning. He already promised that.” (Janet)<br/>
“?!” <br/>
The face of Princess Sofia snapped my way.<br/>
We didn’t promise till how long though.<br/>
“L-Let’s have a meal with us three!” (Makoto)<br/>
I am the employed Hero of the Water Country.<br/>
Moreover, Princess Sofia is my fiancee, so it should be better to listen to what she says, but I told Janet-san that I would keep her company, so I didn’t want to go back on my word.<br/>
“If Hero Makoto says so…” (Sofia)<br/>
“Can’t be helped…” (Janet)<br/>
I thought I would get scolded by this, but the two accepted it. <br/>
A-Alright! <br/>
I will have them eat tasty food! <br/>
“N-Nina-san!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yes, Takatsuki-sama!” (Nina)<br/>
Nina-san who was checking out the state here all the time came flying.<br/>
“A drink for Sofia!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Already prepared!” (Nina)<br/>
I ordered a drink, and for some reason, a drink was already placed.<br/>
“Sofia-sama, it is the usual!” (Nina)<br/>
“Oh my, thank you very much.” (Sofia)<br/>
Ooh! <br/>
Princess Sofia ordered ‘the usual’! <br/>
She is a regular! (I don’t think that’s the case though)<br/>
Nina-san already has a grasp of what Princess Sofia likes, huh… That’s impressive.<br/>
“Takatsuki-sama, the food will be coming out soon!” (Nina)<br/>
Saying this, Nina-san hopped and disappeared deeper inside the place.<br/>
…I feel bad for making her go through this.<br/>
I should apologize to her later.<br/>
“Here, Takatsuki Makoto, your glass is feeling lonely.” (Janet)<br/>
“Hero Makoto, come closer here.” (Sofia)<br/>
“Sofia, aren’t you acting in an improper manner as a princess?” (Janet)<br/>
“What about you, Janet? Trying so hard to seduce someone.” (Sofia)<br/>
“What?” (Janet)<br/>
“What is it?” (Sofia)<br/>
“Now now now.” (Makoto)<br/>
I hurriedly try to calm the two of them down. <br/>
…Is this going to be okay? <br/>
A meal with the rare combination that is Princess Sofia and Janet-san had begun.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“That’s why Hero Makoto doesn’t take time for me at all!” (Sofia)<br/>
“You have it tough, Sofia. Hey, Takatsuki Makoto, you are a contributor in the Demon Lord subjugation, so how about you settle down?” (Janet)<br/>
“Janet, I had the wrong impression of you. I am sorry for saying you were an overdue woman…” (Sofia)<br/>
“There’s no need to say it every time. Father complained to me just a while ago after all…” (Janet)<br/>
“Should I introduce you to someone, Janet?” (Sofia)<br/>
“…Someone stronger than Geralt-niisama?” (Janet)<br/>
“…Can’t you do something about that condition?” (Sofia)<br/>
By the time I noticed, Princess Sofia and Janet-san had gotten along.<br/>
As for me, I was sipping my drink slowly while snacking on what seemed to be green soybeans.<br/>
“Gera-chi, ooi.” (Olga)<br/>
At the other table, there’s Geralt-san that had drunk till he collapsed.<br/>
So he is weak to alcohol…<br/>
Alright, next time he challenges me, let’s make it a drinking bout. <br/>
I silently decided in my heart.<br/>
Olga-san was bringing back Geralt-san. <br/>
Princess Sofia and Janet-san’s conversation has been looping for a while now.<br/>
It is about time we get going too here.<br/>
“Now now, you two must be tired. We have prepared a carriage for your return-desu zo.” (Fuji) <br/>
Fuji-yan had returned, and he wrapped things up. <br/>
As expected of the mind reader.<br/>
Princess Sofia when she was about to go back…<br/>
“I have said it many times already, but tomorrow is your medal awarding ceremony. Please come to the Highland Castle without forgetting, okay?” (Sofia)<br/>
“Yes, I know.” (Makoto)<br/>
Alcohol had gotten into my system, so I nodded several times as I waved my hand.<br/>
The Guardian Knight old man and the other knights were standing there.<br/>
“Old man, sorry for having you guys wait all this time outside.” (Makoto)<br/>
I did invite them once to come inside, but they refused. <br/>
“Sofia-sama is a person that doesn’t know how to find time to take a break. It is only at the times when she meets Makoto-dono every now and then that she is the happiest!” <br/>
He laughed heartily. <br/>
I waved my hand and saw the carriage of Princess Sofia off.<br/>
“Captain Janet, we are going back.” <br/>
“Where’sh my pegashus? I don’t shee it.” (Janet)<br/>
“What are you saying when you are drunk?! You are going to get caught for riding while drunk!” <br/>
Janet-san was shouldered by a person of her unit, and they returned by carriage. <br/>
So it is illegal to ride a pegasus while drunk.<br/>
Of course it is, huh.<br/>
I returned to my table and stretched real good.<br/>
“Aah, that was rough.” (Makoto)<br/>
I slouch on my seat. <br/>
“That’s…” <br/>
“What we should be saying.” <br/>
I heard begrudging voices from my back.<br/>
Fuji-yan and Nina-san were glaring at me.<br/>
“I’m sorry!” (Makoto)<br/>
I prostrated to Fuji-yan and Nina-san.<br/>
After that, I was made to taste test the dried sardines ramen that Fuji-yan had made to introduce as a new entry in the menu.<br/>
“How’s the taste, Takki-dono?” (Fuji)<br/>
“Way too tasty… Where did you get dried sardines?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Made it…Danna-sama did.” (Nina)<br/>
Nina-san sighed a deep ‘haaah’.<br/>
Looks like it is ramen that gets them in the negatives.<br/>
But it is tasty. <br/>
The nice smell of the dried sardine broth was giving great taste to the noodles. <br/>
The toppings are roasted pork fillet, menma, narutomaki, and spring onions. <br/>
Right right, simple is nice. <br/>
I drank all the broth without leaving a drop.<br/>
By the time I returned to the inn, it was already past midnight. <br/>
◇Sasaki Aya POV◇<br/>
“My Knight is late.” (Furiae)<br/>
Fu-chan who was reading a book muttered this. <br/>
“This is the third time you said this, Furi.” (Lucy)<br/>
Lu-chan was making a variety of poses with her staff to train (?) her magic.<br/>
It seems like it is training for her pose when she nails it. <br/>
Watching the training of Lu-chan is amusing. <br/>
Takatsuki-kun’s training is like watching a statue.<br/>
“Sofi-chan went to search for him, so I think he is going to come back soon.” (Aya)<br/>
I was making the preparations for breakfast tomorrow.<br/>
“Maybe they will be disappearing into the night city just like that.” (Lucy)<br/>
“She is not you, Lu-chan.” (Aya)<br/>
“Eh?! That’s not true! …I would.” (Lucy)<br/>
“I won’t forgive you, Lu-chan…” (Aya)<br/>
I raised my kitchen knife as I said this.<br/>
“Aya, don’t point the kitchen knife here. It is boring without Makoto here, so let’s drink today. Aya, Furi, accompany me!” (Lucy)<br/>
Lu-chan brought out a strong drink from somewhere.<br/>
Lu-chan has been becoming hearty lately. <br/>
It is like she is beginning to resemble her mother. <br/>
“Can’t be helped. I will prepare the snacks.” (Aya)<br/>
If I remember correctly, we had bacon, cheese, and crackers. <br/>
“Girls-only time! We are drinking till we drop!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Lu-chan, if you eat too much at night, you will get fat, you know?” (Aya)<br/>
“It is okay! If I shoot a number of monarch spells, I would basically go back to 0 calories!” (Lucy)<br/>
That’s not how it works. <br/>
But Lu-chan doesn’t get fat at all.<br/>
Lu-chan was waving her staff around.<br/>
Her chest is shaking as she does that.<br/>
…Hasn’t it gotten bigger than before? <br/>
I get closer to Lu-chan.<br/>
“What’s the matter, Aya…? Your eyes are scary—Gya!” (Lucy)<br/>
I grabbed the boobs of Lu-chan and she let out a scream that didn’t have a bit of allure.<br/>
I fondle them just like that.<br/>
“Hmm, they really have gotten a bit bigger.” (Aya)<br/>
“What are you doing, Aya?!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Wawa!” (Aya)<br/>
Lu-chan pushed me over and I fell onto the bed.<br/>
And then she put her hands inside my clothes.<br/>
“Wait, Lu-chan! Stop stop!” (Aya)<br/>
“I will make them bigger!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Kya!” (Aya)<br/>
Lu-chan and I were playing around like usual.<br/>
“Fuu…My Knight is late.” (Furiae)<br/>
Fu-chan sighed languidly. <br/>
This is the fourth time she mutters about Takatsuki-kun.<br/>
““…””<br/>
Lu-chan and I stopped our tussle and looked at each other.<br/>
We whispered to each other.<br/>
{Hey, Aya, Furi is acting weird.} (Lucy)<br/>
{…That’s already a maiden in love.} (Aya)<br/>
{Aah…that Makoto…} (Lucy)<br/>
{It can’t be helped…} (Aya)<br/>
{Alright…now that it has come to this, we will have her spill it out!} (Lucy)<br/>
“Furi! Don’t just sigh all the time over there, and tell us about Makoto!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Fu-chan, let’s talk\~.” (Aya)<br/>
“T-Talk about what?!” (Furiae)<br/>
Lu-chan and I approached Fu-chan, and she jumped back at this. <br/>
That night, we heard about Takatsuki-kun from Fu-chan.<br/>
Fu-chan didn’t admit that she liked Takatsuki-kun.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“Hnn…” <br/>
I opened my eyes in bed and stretched widely. <br/>
I look at the bed by the side.<br/>
“Aah, she undressed again.” (Aya)<br/>
Lu-chan’s pajamas were opened up a lot. <br/>
I fixed her messy clothes. <br/>
Further back, there’s Fu-chan in a beautiful sleeping posture—wait, eh? <br/>
“Fu-chan’s not there?” (Aya)<br/>
Fu-chan is normally the type who wakes up late, but her bed is empty. <br/>
Toilet?<br/>
Well, that’s fine.<br/>
“Hnnn\~\~\~!!” (Aya)<br/>
I stretched once again, and got off from bed. <br/>
The outside of the window is still darkish.<br/>
I washed my face, and fixed myself up in front of the mirror. <br/>
And then, I slowly opened the door to the neighboring room. <br/>
Takatsuki-kun must have fallen asleep while training, he was sleeping while sitting. <br/>
“Geez…” (Aya)<br/>
I had Takatsuki-kun sleep on the bed and put the blanket on him.<br/>
I watch the sleeping face of Takatsuki-kun.<br/>
“You really work hard.” (Aya)<br/>
I kissed the forehead of Takatsuki-kun and left the room. <br/>
Then, I went to the kitchen and did preparations for breakfast. <br/>
The usual morning.<br/>
Maybe I will make some eggs and ham today. <br/>
Bread is fine too, but…Takatsuki-kun likes japanese-style meals, so I guess it is gotta be rice. <br/>
While I was thinking that, I saw someone in the kitchen early morning where no one is supposed to be.<br/>
A slender dress and long black hair. <br/>
“…Good morning, Warrior-san.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Good morning, Fu-chan. You got up early today.” (Aya)<br/>
She greeted me like she is still sleepy. <br/>
She really isn’t an early riser. <br/>
“Can I help out in making breakfast?” (Furiae)<br/>
“Of course! But why so sudden?” (Aya)<br/>
When I asked, Fu-chan fidgeted for a bit and said…<br/>
“…I was thinking about making something for My Knight.” (Furiae)<br/>
“…”<br/>
Wa! A maiden in love!<br/>
Just admit it already! <br/>
 