[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c207](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/01/13/wm-chapter-207-takatsuki-makoto-learns-about-pacts/)
<br/><br/>
“Hey, My Knight! Since when did you make a Body Pact with the Mage Lucy-san?!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san drew closer.<br/>
No…I don’t remember that.<br/>
Princess Sofia admonished me before that I didn’t even know about my own pacts, and I decided to study a bit about pacts. <br/>
-Body Pact.<br/>
As the name states, it is a pact that requires one to have a body relation with the person at the moment of the pact. <br/>
By the way, there’s apparently no restriction on gender. <br/>
In other words, even Prince Leonard would be a valid option for it—what am I even saying?<br/>
“Wait wait, Princess, Lucy and I haven’t done anythi—no, is it at the time when I drank too much and have no memories of it? Or that time when Sa-san and Lucy approached me… No, I remember that in that day… Ah! It might have been on the previous day!” (Makoto)<br/>
“You…just how many possible moments do you have…?” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san was shocked by this and glared at me.<br/>
Hmm, but Lucy attacks pretty often after all.<br/>
(Makoto, the Great Sage-sama is talking about the Love Pact.) (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama spoke.<br/>
Love Pact…?<br/>
That’s the one when Lucy and I did a synchronization kiss, right? <br/>
(Right right, it is recently being called as Body Pact.) (Noah)<br/>
I see, it is a difference in the names of the pacts, huh.<br/>
“Great Sage-sama, the one I forged with Lucy was apparently the Love Pact.” (Makoto)<br/>
When I told the Great Sage-sama this, she made a dubious expression.<br/>
“Love… Spirit User-kun, that’s the common name. It is the pact name that a romanticist placed on it. The reality is that there’s no need to have any feelings of love when making the Body Pact.” <br/>
“I see…” (Makoto)<br/>
(I see, so that’s how it is.) (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama and I raised voices in understanding. <br/>
You didn’t know as well, Noah-sama?<br/>
“The only ones using the name Love Pact are virgins. Well, not like it changes anything.” <br/>
The words of the Great Sage-sama make me and Noah-sama fall silent.<br/>
“…”<br/>
(…)<br/>
So she says, Noah-sama.<br/>
(W-What?! Calling it Body Pact is indecent!) (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama got angry.<br/>
“Hey, My Knight, in the end, how’s it really?” (Furiae)<br/>
“My innocence has been proven!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Really…?” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san looks at me with a dubious gaze.<br/>
“Well, what’s written about Body Pact in books normally falls into marriage. A provisional pact means ‘I am still not tied to one woman and can play around!’. Spirit User-kun is a virgin, yet quite the playboy.” <br/>
“……”<br/>
It didn’t show my innocence at all!<br/>
Furiae-san was glaring at me with ‘you really are trash then’.<br/>
“Well, I want the Spirit User-kun to stay pure forever, so I don’t mind. Now, give me the usual.” <br/>
“Aah, yes yes.” (Makoto)<br/>
I have to pay for the stay.<br/>
I got close to the sofa the Great Sage-sama was sleeping in, and sat at her side.<br/>
The Great Sage-sama placed her fangs on my neck, and bit…is what I thought, but she licked my neck with her small tongue.<br/>
A cold sensation ran through my body.<br/>
That ticklish sensation made me raise my voice.<br/>
“G-Great Sage-sama?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Fufufu, Spirit User-kun is nice. Not only is your blood pure, but your body is also clean. It is hard to believe that you are a hardcore adventurer.” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama smiled faintly and brushed my neck.<br/>
“Haah…well, I am showering in the morning and at night by using water magic. I also can take away my sweat immediately even if I do end up sweating.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh, really?” (Furiae)<br/>
When I explained to the Great Sage-sama, Furiae-san raised her voice in surprise.<br/>
“That’s nice. Do that to me next time.” (Furiae)<br/>
“When I did it to Sa-san before, she said that it was as if her whole body was being fondled and it tickled. Still wanna?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…That sounds obscene. Guess I won’t.” (Furiae)<br/>
“By the way, Great Sage-sama, aren’t you going to drink my bl—what are you doing?!” (Makoto)<br/>
By the time I noticed, the Great Sage-sama was undressing my upper half.<br/>
“Hm? Well, it isn’t fun to just always go for the neck.” <br/>
Saying this, her small fingers trace their way on my chest. <br/>
The appearance of the Great Sage-sama is like that of a 12 year old, so it looks like a child playing around at a glance, but maybe because of her more than 1,000 years of age, there’s a bewitching air in her that cannot be explained in words.<br/>
Her big red eyes peek at me and a cold hand was placed on my cheek.<br/>
“Now then…this bad bad servant that intruded while someone was sleeping deserves punishment.” <br/>
“…Not servant, but Guardian Knight, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
“It is similar.” <br/>
Really?<br/>
Even while we were talking, she was taking off my clothes.<br/>
The Great Sage-sama as usual isn’t using her hands. <br/>
She is using something invisible to take off my buttons skilfully. <br/>
…Is this space magic?<br/>
While I was watching the complex magic circle in admiration…<br/>
“M-My Knight! You are being done as she pleases, you know?!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san shouted with a red face. <br/>
“Great Sage-sama, my Princess has given the No. Looks like going any further is a no go.” (Makoto)<br/>
“How stingy.” <br/>
The Great Sage-sama says, but she obediently wrapped her arms around my neck and bit on my neck.<br/>
No, it isn’t the usual. <br/>
She not only wrapped her arms around my neck, she also wrapped her legs around my waist.<br/>
Eh, what’s this? So lewd.<br/>
I could hear the sound of my blood being drunk, and she licked my neck at the end. <br/>
When I put a hand on it, I could tell that the wound was gone.<br/>
“Now then, I enjoyed the blood of the Spirit User-kun already, so I will be taking another nap before departing. I don’t mind you doing as you please in my room.” <br/>
Saying this, the Great Sage-sama laid sideways on the sofa.<br/>
She seems to be lacking in energy. <br/>
She would normally talk with me about a lot of things. <br/>
(…Maybe the exhaustion from the battle against the Demon Lord of before hasn’t recovered fully yet?) (Makoto)<br/>
“Great Sage-sama, won’t it be rough to go to the Earth Country? Wouldn’t it be better to take proper rest…?” (Makoto)<br/>
I speak to the Great Sage-sama that has her back turned.<br/>
I thought there was no response, but she answered back.<br/>
“You worry about yourself. Things will get rougher from now on.” <br/>
“That’s not true. I will be leaving the strong guys to Sakurai-kun after all.” (Makoto)<br/>
Or rather, I feel like the previous battle was the peak.<br/>
As long as we are careful of the Pitch Black Clouds, Sakurai-kun is invincible after all.<br/>
I will be taking it easy at the back.<br/>
Of course I do intend on helping out if Sakurai-kun is troubled though.<br/>
That’s how I am going to be moving.<br/>
“…You are wrong, Spirit User-kun. Things will get rougher from now on.” <br/>
She said as if stating a fact. <br/>
That way of saying it is as if…<br/>
“Clairvoyance?” (Makoto)<br/>
It was as if she were speaking about a future she has seen with Destiny Magic.<br/>
“My Destiny Magic can only see till 1 minute after. I can’t tell a far off future.” <br/>
“…Isn’t that pretty overpowered?” (Makoto)<br/>
Wouldn’t it be quite the advantageous information in a battle?<br/>
“Oops, this is a secret. Keep it a secret from the Crimson Witch.” <br/>
“You speak out important secrets so easily…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Well then, I will go back to sleep. Don’t wake me up.” <br/>
Saying this, I soon hear her steady breathing. <br/>
She is asleep now huh.<br/>
I wanted to hear what’s gonna be rough though…<br/>
Let’s leave it for later. <br/>
I felt a gaze on me, and when I looked at Furiae-san, she was looking at me with a straight stare. <br/>
“Princess?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…I’m leaving.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Wait wait.” (Makoto)<br/>
Furiae-san was walking her way to the exit, and I hurriedly chased after her.<br/>
“What’s the matter?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Nothing.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Are you angry?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I am not angry!” (Furiae)<br/>
It seems she is.<br/>
“…”<br/>
“…”<br/>
Furiae-san left the house without saying a word, so I also followed.<br/>
“Why are you following me? You are the Guardian Knight of the Great Sage, right?” (Furiae)<br/>
“I am the Guardian Knight of Princess before that.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hmph! I wonder about that! You were flirting with the Great Sage!” (Furiae)<br/>
“It is the usual though.” (Makoto)<br/>
“It is always like that…?” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san opened her eyes wide and turned over here.<br/>
No, today was a bit more extreme than normal.<br/>
“I see.” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san must have gotten tired of walking, she sat on a bench closeby. <br/>
I sat by her side.<br/>
When I looked at her profile, she seemed to be in a bad mood, she had her brows furrowed.<br/>
“…I am thirsty.” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san muttered.<br/>
Oh, is this a chance to redeem myself?<br/>
“Wait for a bit.” (Makoto)<br/>
I say this and take out a cup and a fruit from the provision bag that I carried. <br/>
They are southern tasting fruits that can be preserved at a fixed temperature.<br/>
“[Ice Cutter].” (Makoto)<br/>
I peel the fruit with Ice Cutter, take out the seeds, and cut the fruit in small slices. <br/>
Then I make ice grains with magic, and mix the slices of fruit and the ice grains inside the cup.<br/>
I would have liked a straw, is what I thought as I offered it to Furiae-san.<br/>
“Here.” (Makoto)<br/>
“What’s this?” (Furiae)<br/>
“Hmm, a tropical fruit frappuccino made from parallel world fruits.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I will take a bite… Tasty!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san had a dubious face at first, but she soon began to drink it at a fast pace.<br/>
Aah, if you drink it that fast…<br/>
“M-My head froze for a second there! Curse Magic?!” (Furiae)<br/>
“You shouldn’t eat shaved ice that fast…” (Makoto)<br/>
I told Furiae-san to drink it slowly and she calmed down.<br/>
Looks like her mood has recovered slightly. <br/>
As I thought, it is frappuccino for girls! (prejudice)<br/>
It is something new Fuji-yan and I want to make popular in this world. <br/>
Nina-san was holding her head in pain and thinking about how crazy expensive it would be to employ a water mage that can do the same thing as me.<br/>
Because of that, it is still not in a practical state. <br/>
“Haah, that was tasty. Make it again sometime.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Okay, anytime you want. Princess is the first sampler. I am glad it was well received.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I am the first, huh… I see.” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san was swinging her legs on the bench.<br/>
That’s a habit of hers when she is in a good mood.<br/>
“Hey, My Knight, you are thinking of new goods with that merchant-san, right? Do you have anything else?” (Furiae)<br/>
“Hmm, I can only cooperate on things related to water magic after all… Fuji-yan is thinking about a variety of things though.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Tell me.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Then, a recent idea was…” (Makoto)<br/>
We spoke for a while. <br/>
◇◇<br/>
We killed some time, and Furiae-san and I returned to the ceremony.<br/>
“Kuu\~ Kuu\~” <br/>
“Suu\~” <br/>
Lucy and Sa-san were leaning on each other while sleeping. <br/>
The medal award ceremony is still ongoing. <br/>
The one on stage is a person from Great Keith?<br/>
“Took your time.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia glared at me.<br/>
I apologized and returned to my seat. <br/>
“How is it going?” (Makoto)<br/>
“You will be called in around 1 hour more.” (Sofia)<br/>
1 hour…that’s long.<br/>
I looked at the stage and something caught my eye.<br/>
The warrior-looking person of Great Keith was speaking about the pride and honor of their own country. <br/>
“Sofia, do I have to do a speech on stage too?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Obviously… Could it be that you haven’t thought of what to say?” (Sofia)<br/>
I had that homework?! <br/>
“I haven’t…” (Makoto)<br/>
“I did tell you several times though.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia sighs. <br/>
“Can’t be helped. I will think of it together with you.” (Sofia)<br/>
“Okay…” (Makoto)<br/>
It wasn’t the time to be sneaking out! <br/>
Furiae-san looked at me as if saying ‘what are you doing?’.<br/>
“…Then, let’s begin from your introduction. Tell me your official position.” (Sofia)<br/>
“Hero, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
“The Country Designated Hero and General serving the Rozes royal family, Takatsuki Makoto; that’s your official position.” (Sofia)<br/>
I didn’t know. <br/>
That’s long.<br/>
“Then, let’s begin from your introduction…” (Sofia)<br/>
“Uhm, then, something like this…” (Makoto)<br/>
“It would be better if it were a bit longer. Also…” (Sofia)<br/>
Thanks to the help of Princess Sofia, we barely managed to make it in time.<br/>
I somehow managed to do it when on stage. <br/>
A place where there’s the eyes of more than 10,000 people was making me feel dizzy. <br/>
It would be easy if it were 10,000 monsters though.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, calm down.” <br/>
If it hadn’t been for Sakurai-kun speaking out to me at my back, I would have run away. <br/>
Sakurai-kun is a real bro. <br/>
The reward for the medal? <br/>
I was given money and land, apparently. (I wasn’t listening)<br/>
◇◇<br/>
My business in the Sun Country ended. <br/>
But in a few days more the Great Demon Lord is apparently resurrecting. <br/>
When that happens, the Heroes will gather at Highland.<br/>
We could return to the Water Country once, but that would be a pain, is what I thought. <br/>
At that time, a messenger came. <br/>
The messenger brought a single letter.<br/>
The sender was the Pope. <br/>
The contents were about a request to subjugate the remnants of the Snake Church hiding in the outskirts of Symphonia.<br/>
 