[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c209](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/01/18/wm-chapter-209-despair/)
<br/><br/>
“…Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
That leaked out from my mouth. <br/>
The Light Hero Sakurai-kun lost? <br/>
The Sakurai-kun that defeated a Demon Lord in one hit? <br/>
“No way…” (Furiae)<br/>
I could hear the mutter of Furiae-san.<br/>
I can’t believe this, but Sakurai-kun is lying collapsed at our back.<br/>
This is reality. <br/>
“Ryosuke!” (Saki)<br/>
Yokoyama-san screamed and ran to where Sakurai-kun is. She is using a healing tool.<br/>
But it doesn’t seem like he is regaining consciousness any time soon.<br/>
…Footsteps rang.<br/>
“Now then, I will be taking the Moon Oracle with me.” (Alex)<br/>
The ones who reacted to his words were me and Lucy.<br/>
“[Spirit Arm].” (Makoto)<br/>
My right arm shone blue and mana gathered.<br/>
“[Ice Phoenix]!” (Makoto)<br/>
“[Fire Phoenix]!” (Lucy)<br/>
I take time to activate my spells because I have to borrow the power from Spirits, and Lucy needs to chant for her spells; the monarch spells of us two were activated at the same time.<br/>
The blue and red giant phoenixes intertwine with each other as they lunge towards the Sun Hero.<br/>
*Boom!!*<br/>
An explosion occurred. <br/>
Firepower that could defeat even a dragon in one hit.<br/>
But…<br/>
“Makes me yawn.” (Alex)<br/>
The Sun Hero shows up inside the explosion without a single burn.<br/>
Unscathed even after getting hit by that?! <br/>
“Moon Oracle, don’t resist.” (Alex)<br/>
“““?!”””<br/>
The Sun Hero suddenly moved right behind us.<br/>
I couldn’t see him at all!<br/>
“L-Let go! …My Charm isn’t working?! Why?!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san had her arms grabbed and she was struggling.<br/>
When Sa-san and I tried to save her…<br/>
*Pang!*<br/>
A heavy sound resonated, and we were sent flying several meters away. <br/>
I could taste blood inside my mouth.<br/>
My whole body was screaming in pain.<br/>
Lucy had fallen by my side and there was blood coming out from her mouth.<br/>
“Lucy, are you okay?!” (Makoto)<br/>
“…I-I’m okay.” (Lucy)<br/>
She seems to be in pain, but she is still conscious.<br/>
Sa-san was blown away to the other side. <br/>
What happened just now…?<br/>
“You! I as the Moon Oracle have the Retribution Curse, you know! If you hurt me, you will suffer the same wounds! If you kill me, you die too!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san shouted.<br/>
Right! <br/>
Furiae-san has the Retribution Curse! <br/>
Hearing this, the Sun Hero scratched his head as if this were a pain.<br/>
“Curses don’t work on me.” (Alex)<br/>
“L-Let go! Damn it, you brute force monkey!” (Furiae)<br/>
“What a noisy woman!” (Alex)<br/>
“Guh!” (Furiae)<br/>
The Sun Hero grabbed the neck of Furiae-san.<br/>
This guy! <br/>
“!” <br/>
“See, what happened to the Retribution Curse? Nothing happened to my neck.” (Alex)<br/>
The Sun Hero laughs as if having fun.<br/>
You damn bastard that laughs from choking a girl! <br/>
My anger was on the verge of exploding, and just when I was about to use Spirit Magic…someone else moved first.<br/>
“You! Let go of Fu-chan!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san shining in rainbow colors punched the Sun Hero.<br/>
The Invincible Time of Action Game Player.<br/>
The strongest technique of Sa-san.<br/>
If it is that attack, it should work! <br/>
“Hoh.” (Alex)<br/>
The Sun Hero that was grinning all the way until now had changed his expression for the first time.<br/>
As if his interest had been piqued.<br/>
“Interesting. You are putting a leg into Divinity.” (Alex)<br/>
The Sun Hero stopped the punch of Sa-san.<br/>
“Guguh!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san warped her face in pain.<br/>
He stopped a punch in her Invincible Time?!<br/>
An attack that nullifies all defenses?! <br/>
“Fumu, I can feel slight pain.” (Alex)<br/>
The Sun Hero Alexander warped his face in displeasure.<br/>
“It is my turn now.” (Alex)<br/>
The fist of the Sun Hero shone in rainbow colors.<br/>
No, it burned.<br/>
It was like the Invincible Time of Sa-san…<br/>
Chills ran down my back.<br/>
No, if she were to get hit by that attack…<br/>
“Sa-san, run away!!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Too late, too late.” (Alex)<br/>
The Sun Hero laughed at my shout.<br/>
The next instant, the punch of the Sun Hero that felt like a flash had pierced Sa-san.<br/>
Along with a repulsive sound.<br/>
“Kyaaaaaaa!!” <br/>
The one who screamed was Lucy.<br/>
The fist of the Sun Hero had pierced the stomach of Sa-san.<br/>
…What’s happening?<br/>
My brain couldn’t process what was happening in front of me.<br/>
“Gahah!” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san vomited a large amount of blood, and her body was twitching.<br/>
S-Sa-san…?<br/>
No…way…<br/>
“Oops, I killed her, huh.” (Alex)<br/>
The voice of the Sun Hero returned me to my senses.<br/>
At that moment, the body of Sa-san shone white and disappeared.<br/>
“Ah…” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy let out a short yelp.<br/>
The Remaining Lives of Sa-san must have activated there.<br/>
The calm part of me thanks to Clear Mind was telling me that. <br/>
But I…had already lost any sense of stability. <br/>
“Aaah….Gaaah……!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san had her neck grabbed and she was choking, foaming on her mouth, and on the verge of losing consciousness.<br/>
Lucy at my side was crying as she chanted her next spell.<br/>
A chant for Saint Rank Magic.<br/>
It most likely won’t work on this guy.<br/>
No, she might be killed before she even finishes.<br/>
Sakurai-kun is still on the floor.<br/>
Yokoyama-san doesn’t seem like she can move.<br/>
…Noah-sama?<br/>
(……)<br/>
There’s no response.<br/>
[Clear Mind] 100%.<br/>
Something…<br/>
A move……<br/>
…<br/>
Found one.<br/>
[Will you offer your body to defeat the Sun Hero Alexander?]<br/>
Yes<br/>
No<br/>
There was no hesitation.<br/>
This is the only thing I can do.<br/>
This is the only thing I can do to crush this damn bastard that killed Sa-san.<br/>
I glance at Lucy who is chanting while trembling.<br/>
“…Sorry, Lucy.” (Makoto)<br/>
“M-Makoto…?” (Lucy)<br/>
I apologize to my party member.<br/>
(Sorry…Noah-sama.) (Makoto)<br/>
I apologize to the Goddess.<br/>
(…!…) <br/>
There was no voice in response.<br/>
I place the dagger on my own right arm, at the seal crest that was drawn with the Divinity of Noah-sama, and destroy it with the blade of the God Killer.<br/>
The Spirit Transformation that had been stopped with the miracle of Noah-sama had begun to corrode me.<br/>
From the right arm to my shoulder, and then my body began to shine blue.<br/>
I didn’t stop that. <br/>
“Please give me the power to save Princess and defeat the Sun Hero.” (Makoto)<br/>
I put my lifespan into self-destruction magic…and prayed.<br/>
Previous Chapter l Next Chapter <br/>
 