[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c210](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/01/18/wm-chapter-210-takatsuki-makoto-is/)
<br/><br/>
TLN: 2 chapters today! Make sure you didn’t miss previous one!<br/>
Sponsored Chapter<br/>
◇Sun Hero Alexander POV◇<br/>
It should have been a boring job.<br/>
The Pope-jiichan ordered me to kidnap the Moon Oracle.<br/>
The Evil God Apostle will get in the way, so he told me that he didn’t mind forceful methods.<br/>
I thought that if they listened to what I said, it should be fine to do it by force.<br/>
But the Light Hero unexpectedly intruded.<br/>
Also, the Fire Country’s Designated Hero woman was unexpectedly strong.<br/>
It just isn’t going as smoothly as I thought. <br/>
It annoyed me.<br/>
That must have been why…<br/>
……I ended up killing the Fire Country Hero while I was blinded by this.<br/>
After that, her corpse disappeared for some reason, and without having the time to find that strange, something even stranger happened.<br/>
The Water Country’s Designated Hero had suddenly ‘changed’.<br/>
He turned into a strange figure that shines blue. <br/>
(…What is that?) (Alex)<br/>
The Water Country’s Designated Hero doesn’t have high battle power. <br/>
When compared to the Fire Country’s Hero and the Light Hero, he is several times lower. <br/>
But overwhelming mana began to cover his body.<br/>
High concentration of mana was being condensed, and even more mana was gathering. <br/>
(That amount of mana is a bit problematic.) (Alex)<br/>
I look at the Moon Oracle that I was holding up with my right arm.<br/>
He is no match for me anyways, but I don’t know if I would be able to fight him with only one hand.<br/>
Just when I thought this…<br/>
Mist suddenly appeared in front of me, and it turned human shaped.<br/>
—My right arm was suddenly cut off.<br/>
“What?!” (Alex)<br/>
Even orihalcun is inferior to my body that’s clad in Divinity.<br/>
What happened?<br/>
By the time I noticed, the dagger of the Water Country Hero, who was right by my side, had been swung. <br/>
That small blade managed to cut off the arm of the great me?<br/>
Pure surprise won over my pain.<br/>
My arm fell to the ground together with the Moon Oracle.<br/>
“Furi!” <br/>
The red haired elf ran to the Moon Oracle.<br/>
“……Ugh.” <br/>
The consciousness of the Moon Oracle seems to still be hazy. <br/>
The elf woman was trying to carry the Moon Oracle away.<br/>
What a pain.<br/>
I was going to hit the elf away, but I remember that I don’t have my arm.<br/>
“Sun Magic: [Regeneration].” (Alex)<br/>
I use magic and regenerate my arm.<br/>
I lightly make a fist with my right arm, and check its movement.<br/>
Umu, no problem.<br/>
And then, I glared at the Rozes Hero shining blue that’s in front of me.<br/>
Wounding my body deserves divine punishment. <br/>
The Rozes Hero says something.<br/>
“XXXXXXXXXX…” <br/>
I couldn’t understand what he was saying.<br/>
He spoke words I am unfamiliar with and, suddenly, a giant water swirl appeared between around me and him.<br/>
A water pillar that’s big enough to cover the sky. <br/>
When I looked properly, I could see that water dragons were surrounding the area while undulating around.<br/>
(Hundreds? …No, there’s several thousands.) <br/>
They are skillfully avoiding the Moon Oracle, the red haired elf, and the Light Hero that is on the ground.<br/>
The water dragons are trying to engulf the Rozes Hero and I and bring us somewhere.<br/>
You want to change locations?<br/>
(What a pain.) <br/>
Feeling annoyed, I try to punch the Rozes Hero with my regenerated right arm.<br/>
*Pang!!*<br/>
An explosion happened as it connected.<br/>
The annoying hundreds of water dragons surrounding me were blown away as well.<br/>
My punch has the power to blow up a whole castle. <br/>
The Rozes Hero must have been turned to dust. <br/>
Fool.<br/>
That’s for going against the great Sun Hero.<br/>
My mouth warped.<br/>
But it was unnecessary killing.<br/>
The Destiny Oracle Esther might reprimand me for this.<br/>
I have to think of an excuse…at the moment I thought this…<br/>
The Rozes Hero that was supposed to have turned to dust…returned back to normal in an instant.<br/>
“What?!” <br/>
Impossible.<br/>
His body should have been destroyed to a point that it wasn’t possible to recover from.<br/>
However, the strange figure of the Rozes Hero that was releasing blue light was riding on top of a water dragon he himself created, and was looking down at me.<br/>
“XXXXXX…” <br/>
And he was speaking a language that I couldn’t understand for a while now.<br/>
Even more water dragons created by water magic were swirling around me.<br/>
This is the first time I see this magic.<br/>
It is quite the peculiar magic.<br/>
And it is impressive.<br/>
To think he would be able to survive after getting hit by the great me.<br/>
Well, it is already pointless.<br/>
(Fool… My God Rank Appraisal can spot all your weak points.) <br/>
While feeling pity for him, I activate Appraisal.<br/>
I will crush your foolish third-rate magic.<br/>
—-<br/>
Name: Takatsuki Makoto<br/>
Race: Water Spirit King＊Embodiment of the World’s Water<br/>
Strength: Unknown<br/>
Vitality: Unknown<br/>
Mana: Unknown<br/>
Agility: Unknown<br/>
Appearance: Unknown<br/>
Height:  Unknown<br/>
Intelligence:  Unknown<br/>
Knowledge:  Unknown<br/>
Sanity: Unknown<br/>
Items in Possession: God Killer Blade＊a dagger that was made from parts of the Former God King Chronos’s Scythe that was broken in the Divine Realm War.<br/>
Way to defeat: Eliminate the water of the whole world.<br/>
—-<br/>
………What’s this?<br/>
This is not the Status of a human.<br/>
What in the world am I fighting against? <br/>
Moreover, what’s that dagger?<br/>
That’s a sacred treasure! <br/>
Why is a person of the mortal realm in possession of it?! <br/>
What was the one who gave it to him thinking?! <br/>
There’s a limit to excessive equipment. <br/>
Even in the time when the gears in my brain turned, the mana around the Rozes Hero was increasing. <br/>
No, it is not something as lukewarm as ‘increasing’…<br/>
Mana was gathering as if several explosions were setting off and condensing. <br/>
“……”<br/>
And this guy hasn’t been saying a word for a while now.<br/>
His expressionless face was looking at me while shining blue.<br/>
However, there was clear killing intent directed at me.<br/>
My heart was stirring.<br/>
This is my first time feeling like this.<br/>
“Annoying! Begone!” <br/>
It was a serious hit. <br/>
In the past, when I did a serious attack, a whole mountain was erased.<br/>
Since then, I have never done it again -an attack that carries my all.<br/>
“This is the end!!” <br/>
I smash the Rozes Hero with it.<br/>
Breaking the barrier of sound, the moment it connects, an explosion will occur. <br/>
The one who gets hit by this won’t even have dust remain.<br/>
But…the fist of the great me had stopped while still pierced in him.<br/>
On top of that, the explosion that should have occurred was mitigated.<br/>
Impossible…<br/>
It was…m-mitigated?<br/>
Why is it that I, who has the power of a god, is unable to do anything against a weak human?! <br/>
Impossible! <br/>
What’s with this guy?! <br/>
I hurriedly take distance.<br/>
“XXXXXXX.” <br/>
As always, I can’t understand the words of the Rozes Hero.<br/>
For a second, I think I saw the figure of many blue skinned women.<br/>
That’s…the Great Water Spirit, Undine?<br/>
Great Water Spirits are lending him power?<br/>
At that moment, what surfaced in my mind was the conversation I had with the Destiny Oracle Esther.<br/>
◇<br/>
—“Listen here, Alexander. Don’t put a hand on the Spirit Weapons of the Titans, okay?” <br/>
I remember the words Oracle Esther, who was my teacher, told me as if she were above me. <br/>
The Titans that fought with the Olympians for hegemony. <br/>
The Titans would give will to nature like earth and wind, and would use those as weapons.<br/>
The names of those weapons were called: <br/>
-Great Fire Spirit, Salamander.<br/>
-Great Water Spirit, Undine.<br/>
-Great Wind Spirit, Sylph.<br/>
-Great Earth Spirit, Gnome.<br/>
And there was apparently an existence that ruled over them.<br/>
The people of the mortal realm would call him Spirit King, and the Gods would call it Spirit Weapon. <br/>
The Spirit King apparently shows up from within the most experienced believers of the Titan Gods –in an Apostle that offers their flesh. <br/>
That power is overwhelming, and depending on the user, it could destroy the world.<br/>
That it is powerful enough to destroy a planet.<br/>
Because of that, at the same time as the war in the Divine Realm was put to an end, all the Spirit Weapons were disposed of by the Olympians.<br/>
The return of them is the highest of taboos. <br/>
“You are strong, but you are a young Hero. Avoid battling with an Evil God and their Spirit Weapon, okay?” (Esther)<br/>
“Aah, okay okay. Got it.” (Alex)<br/>
I half-listened to the words of Oracle Esther. <br/>
I thought she was a noisy woman.<br/>
At that time, I thought I would like to meet an existence that would be able to beat the great me.<br/>
◇<br/>
-Present.<br/>
The mana of the blue figure in front of me, the Water Spirit King, continued increasing even now.<br/>
The water dragons created from magic had already increased by the tens of thousands.<br/>
An amount of water dragons that were enough to cover the whole sky. <br/>
–It was as if a new ocean had been created in the sky. <br/>
The Embodiment of the Whole World’s Water…<br/>
The way to defeat him is to eliminate all the water in the world.<br/>
Impossible.<br/>
There’s no possible way to do that…<br/>
At this rate, the great me is going to…<br/>
“D-Don’t joke around! There’s no way that I, the Sun Hero, would lose!” <br/>
[Holy Sword summoning]!<br/>
A magic sword shining white appeared in front of me.<br/>
The Holy Sword I got from the Highland royalty.<br/>
I grabbed that, and poured all of my Divinity in it. <br/>
I held the sword tightly with both hands and took stance.<br/>
“DIEEEEEE!!” <br/>
I lunged at the Rozes Hero that was looking down at me, and swung down the holy sword.<br/>
The Rozes Hero silently places his dagger in front as if to block it.<br/>
Suddenly, a giant barrier of ice appeared in front of the Rozes Hero.<br/>
(This is the saint rank spell, Frozen Barrier; moreover, several layers of it! But…!) <br/>
I will break them all! <br/>
I unleashed an attack that would bring down even a Demon Lord in one hit.<br/>
Several tens of ice barriers broke, and the holy sword clashed with the Rozes Hero’s dagger.<br/>
*Crack*<br/>
Cracks formed on the holy sword.<br/>
I could clearly tell that my face had stiffened.<br/>
The barriers were broken…<br/>
But it couldn’t match the blade of the Rozes Hero’s sacred treasure.<br/>
I was the one who lost the clash.<br/>
“Impossible…” <br/>
My attack didn’t work.<br/>
His mana is still increasing without limits.<br/>
This is impossible…<br/>
I must not fight him.<br/>
I have no choice but to run away…but where?<br/>
He controls all the water in the world.<br/>
There’s nowhere to run.<br/>
By the time I noticed, all the eyes of the water dragons circling me…were looking at me as if saying they won’t allow my escape.<br/>
Several tens of thousands of eyes were looking at me.<br/>
“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!” <br/>
I shouted and lunged at the Rozes Hero once more. <br/>
◇<br/>
At the deep dark depths of the water. <br/>
At the depths of the sea where the light of the sun doesn’t reach…<br/>
…How many hours has it been?<br/>
No, maybe days? <br/>
In front of me there’s the Rozes Hero looking at me as if he were a death reaper. <br/>
What was circling around us were more than several tens of thousands water dragons.<br/>
I can’t even escape anymore.<br/>
I can’t defeat him.<br/>
I can’t kill him.<br/>
Can’t break him.<br/>
Won’t break.<br/>
Even if I cut him.<br/>
Even if I pierce him.<br/>
No matter what I do.<br/>
He would regenerate himself over and over over and over over and over over and over over and over over and over over and over over and over over and over.<br/>
I have infinite mana, but my opponent also has infinite mana.<br/>
That’s why the battle won’t be settled forever. <br/>
No, that’s not it. <br/>
The sacred treasure he holds…<br/>
If it is that, he could take my life away. <br/>
And the Water Spirit King in front of me won’t stop until I die.<br/>
Why…did I try to oppose something like this?<br/>
 