[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c211](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/01/21/wm-chapter-211-the-moon-oracle-furiae-is-in-shambles/)
<br/><br/>
TLN: Hey guys, Reigokai here!<br/>
Sponsored Chapters on days other than sunday are back! After a lot of mess in the previous year, those were impossible for me, but now I can find the time to! <br/>
Thanks a lot to the people who have been donating and the patreons as well! You guys give me the leeway to keep doing translations! <br/>
Sponsored Chapter<br/>
◇Furiae Naia Laphroaig POV◇<br/>
It has been several days since My Knight Takatsuki Makoto has disappeared. <br/>
My Knight used Spirits to cause a storm, and left somewhere with the Sun Hero. <br/>
He saved me from the verge of being kidnapped, and…disappeared.<br/>
The wind and rain didn’t stop for a while, and on a certain day, it stopped completely. <br/>
We waited for My Knight, Takatsuki Makoto, to come back.<br/>
But he didn’t return. <br/>
Princess Sofia desperately continued her search. <br/>
That he is definitely alive.<br/>
But as the days passed, her face darkened, and she was growing weary. <br/>
My Knight Takatsuki Makoto was nowhere to be found.<br/>
And then, one day the Water Goddess Eir-sama apparently told her something, and Princess Sofia came. <br/>
— “Takatsuki Makoto has died.”<br/>
That’s what the Water Goddess apparently said.<br/>
Princess Sofia had an expressionless face like that of ice…and she seemed to be enduring something.<br/>
Her shoulders were trembling.<br/>
She said she would be preparing the national funeral…and left.<br/>
I…couldn’t say anything.<br/>
Hero Aya-san was crying all the time. <br/>
She was killed by the Sun Hero Alexander, but she revived with the special ability called Remaining Lives.<br/>
It is apparently an ability that revives you in a safe place after activation, and she woke up at a place far away from the location of the battle. <br/>
By the time she arrived in a hurry, everything was over.<br/>
She was losing her temper at first.<br/>
After learning that Takatsuki Makoto and the Sun Hero had disappeared somewhere, she said ‘I have to go save him!’ and rampaged.<br/>
We all desperately tried to stop her, and then the next thing she said was ‘I will kill the Pope!’ and we stopped that. <br/>
She has been crying the whole time since returning to the inn.<br/>
“Guuh…why…Takatsuki-kun…wuuh…” (Aya)<br/>
She has barely been eating and drinking these few days. <br/>
The people around were worried that her body might break at this rate, but it seems like the body of a Lamia Queen is tough, so she is apparently okay. <br/>
But her mental state is in shambles.<br/>
“…I don’t like this at all… Without Takatsuki-kun…I…” (Aya)<br/>
To think that such a strong hero like Aya-san would become so brittle without My Knight…<br/>
It doesn’t seem like she will be recovering anytime soon.<br/>
The Mage Lucy-san continues training.<br/>
“Makoto is definitely alive!” (Lucy)<br/>
Princess Sofia told us that Eir-sama said ‘Takatsuki Makoto has died’, but even with that, the Mage Lucy-san didn’t believe it. <br/>
No, the words must have reached her.<br/>
She was about to fall in tears for a moment. <br/>
But she soon stood back up.<br/>
She was mindlessly training as if she were glaring at someone. <br/>
“I will definitely find him. I will master Teleport, and we will go find him at once! Aya! Furi!” (Lucy)<br/>
“…Yeah, Lu-chan. I…will go too…” (Aya)<br/>
It may simply be an act to cheer up Hero Aya-san. <br/>
“……Yeah.” (Furiae)<br/>
It took my all just to answer.<br/>
It was as if she had been possessed by My Knight Takatsuki Makoto and was training while barely sleeping. <br/>
The Teleport that she would mess up once every ten tries, she is now able to succeed once every three tries.<br/>
Moreover, chantless.<br/>
She will most likely become one of the few users of Teleport in the continent.<br/>
I think she is strong. <br/>
So the Mage Lucy-san was this strong of a person, huh…<br/>
And I couldn’t do anything.<br/>
Didn’t search for My Knight.<br/>
Didn’t cry.<br/>
Couldn’t try to become strong, or devote myself to something.<br/>
I simply couldn’t accept reality. <br/>
Days of nothing passed.<br/>
At that time, Princess Sofia, Hero Aya-san, and Mage Lucy-san didn’t blame me even once.<br/>
Why?<br/>
Even though…it is my fault! <br/>
Because I am the Moon Oracle! <br/>
Because I am a cursed existence! <br/>
That’s why My Knight Takatsuki Makoto died! <br/>
…He is already dead.<br/>
I am just a thorn in this party where My Knight Takatsuki Makoto is not in.<br/>
I want to run away this instant.<br/>
But that would be an insult to the Mage Lucy-san and the others who are working hard. <br/>
That’s why I can’t move.<br/>
I just passed my days while trying to kill the sound of my breathing, and as if trying to kill my heart. <br/>
◇◇<br/>
Sixth day of Takatsuki Makoto’s disappearance.<br/>
We were made to gather at the Holy Maiden Anna’s Great Church. <br/>
The Sun Oracle Noel was waiting there.<br/>
At that moment, my emotions that were accumulated like mud had exploded all at once.<br/>
“Noel! Why did the Hero of your country attack us?!” (Furiae)<br/>
I grabbed the collar of the Sun Oracle and shouted, but Noel didn’t say anything.<br/>
She simply closed her eyes as if in pain.<br/>
Acting like a victim! <br/>
“Stop…Furiae.” <br/>
The one who stopped me was the Light Hero Ryosuke.<br/>
“But…!” (Furiae)<br/>
I looked at his face and was shocked. <br/>
His face had sorrow on the level of Princess Sofia and the Hero-san, or even worse than that. <br/>
I let go.<br/>
He was also terribly hurt.<br/>
By the fact that he couldn’t protect My Knight Takatsuki Makoto.<br/>
That’s right…Ryosuke was the one who has known him for the longest. <br/>
There’s no way he wouldn’t be hurt…<br/>
…Why has it turned out like this? <br/>
Was it because I made him my Guardian Knight?  <br/>
That everyone meets misfortune when involved with me…?<br/>
I don’t know.<br/>
I don’t know what would have been the right choice…<br/>
The sound of footsteps resonated.<br/>
The one who entered was the Destiny Oracle Esther. <br/>
But her countenance was different from the last time I saw her. <br/>
Her eyes were shining golden, and the mana that was overflowing from her whole body…no, that’s Divinity? <br/>
She had a majestic atmosphere around her that was different from before.<br/>
I wanted to complain to the Destiny Oracle Esther who seemed to be close to the Sun Hero.<br/>
But for some reason, I couldn’t.<br/>
My mouth can’t open.<br/>
My legs couldn’t move forward.<br/>
It was the same for everyone else. The Mage-san, Hero-san, and Ryosuke were silent.<br/>
The air was heavy…<br/>
“Everyone, I have something to tell you.” <br/>
There was a pressure in her words that allowed no objections.<br/>
“But before that…” <br/>
The Destiny Oracle Esther waved her right hand.<br/>
The next instant, all the windows of the Great Church and everything resembling that were shut, and a giant magic circle appeared in front of the door. <br/>
On top of that, I felt as if the space around warped. <br/>
She is affecting the space? <br/>
This is…a barrier? <br/>
A barrier that surpasses Saint Rank. <br/>
The Destiny Oracle Esther was such a skilled mage…?<br/>
Due to the overwhelming pressure, silence ruled the place.<br/>
Even the Sun Oracle Noel was gulping down in silence. <br/>
“There’s something I would like to say about the incident the other day…the matter of the Sun Hero’s rampage… First, I would like to undo the worries that you have.” <br/>
The Destiny Oracle Esther says this and mumbles something.<br/>
…What is about to begin?<br/>
Rainbow colored magic circles appeared one after the other.<br/>
Those clock-looking magic circles are for destiny magic…?<br/>
I don’t know much of other magic aside from moon magic, so I couldn’t read the meaning of the magic circles, but I could tell that it was quite the complex spell.<br/>
“Destiny Magic: [Miracle of Resurrection].”<br/>
I could hear these words muttered lowly. <br/>
A magic circle shining brightly appeared in front of the Destiny Oracle Esther.<br/>
And then, the white figure of someone appeared inside the magic circle.<br/>
That pure white figure slowly grew clearer. <br/>
That’s…<br/>
The one laying down inside that shining magic circle was My Knight, Takatsuki Makoto.<br/>
 