[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c212](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/01/22/wm-chapter-212-takatsuki-makoto-wakes-up/)
<br/><br/>
When I opened my eyes, I saw an unfamiliar ceiling.<br/>
Or more like, the ceiling is high.<br/>
There’s more than 10 meters from the ceiling. <br/>
There’s murals and stained glass with stuff like angels and gods. <br/>
Where am I?<br/>
The next moment I thought about looking around, something jumped in front of me. <br/>
“Makoto!” “Takatsuki-kun!” <br/>
Lucy and Sa-san.<br/>
Ugh! …I am being crushed.<br/>
I was hugged with incredible force.<br/>
“L-Lucy, Sa-san…” (Makoto)<br/>
I was about to tell them to calm down, but I choked on my words.<br/>
The faces of Lucy and Sa-san were a mess from tears and snot. <br/>
E-Eh? …What situation is this? <br/>
If I remember correctly, I was fighting the Sun Hero, and then…ah, I remember now! <br/>
“Sa-san!” (Makoto)<br/>
“W-What? Takatsuki-kun?” (Aya)<br/>
“What happened to the wound dealt onto you by the Sun Hero?!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh? I am totally okay. I revived from the Remaining Lives. See?” (Aya)<br/>
She says this and flips her clothes. <br/>
It was a beautiful stomach with no wounds at all.<br/>
“Want to try touching it?” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san placed my hand on her stomach.<br/>
It is so smooth…<br/>
Wait, that’s not it.<br/>
“I-I get it already.” (Makoto)<br/>
I move my hand away from Sa-san a bit embarrassed and fix her clothes.<br/>
“Hey, you are only going to worry about Aya?” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy hugged me as if sulking a bit.<br/>
“Sorry. Are you okay, Lucy?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah, I’m fine.” (Lucy)<br/>
She says this and buries my head on her chest. <br/>
Sa-san hugs me again.<br/>
“Hero Makoto.” <br/>
Someone spoke to me from the back.<br/>
“Sofia?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Dummy…” (Sofia)<br/>
She gently held my head with both of her hands.<br/>
She was crying. <br/>
…Eh? What’s happening right now?<br/>
My memories are a bit hazy here.<br/>
“When Eir-sama told me that you died…I…I…” (Sofia)<br/>
“……Sorry, Sofia.” (Makoto)<br/>
I see.<br/>
I died from the cost of transforming into a Spirit, huh.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun!” <br/>
The next one that came running towards me was Sakurai-kun.<br/>
“Heya, looks like I worried you guys.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Of course, but I am relieved.” (Sakurai)<br/>
He directed me a face that seemed on the verge of tears.<br/>
Right, what about Furiae-san?! <br/>
I look around restlessly, and I find a black haired beauty a little bit further away.<br/>
Furiae-san had her mouth wide open that didn’t fit her beauty. <br/>
“Ooi, Princess…” (Makoto)<br/>
The moment I stood up and tried to go there…<br/>
“T-Takatsuki-kun! You should wear something…” (Sakurai)<br/>
“Hm?” (Makoto)<br/>
At that moment, I noticed…<br/>
I am naked.<br/>
(Uoooooooooo! Why?!) (Makoto)<br/>
Lucy, Sa-san, Princess Sofia; no one told me! <br/>
“Takatsuki Makoto, wear this.” <br/>
“Ah, thanks.” (Makoto)<br/>
At some point in time, the Destiny Oracle Esther-san gave me something that looks like a robe. <br/>
I hurriedly wear that.<br/>
Fuh, saved.<br/>
I once again look around.<br/>
Aside from my party members, there’s Princess Sofia and her bodyguards, Princess Noel and her bodyguards, Sakurai-kun, and Oracle Esther-san.<br/>
What a weird combination of people.<br/>
Of course the Sun Hero Alexander is not here.<br/>
The Pope doesn’t seem to be here either. <br/>
I ask a question I had.<br/>
“Was the one who revived me…the Destiny Goddess Ira-sama?” (Makoto)<br/>
I looked at Oracle Esther-san and said this.<br/>
“…That’s right. I used the miracle of resurrection.” (Ira)<br/>
“““?!”””<br/>
The ones around were stirred up more than I did.<br/>
And then, the people around took distance one after the other. <br/>
“The Destiny Goddess Ira-sama…has descended then.” (Noel)<br/>
Princess Noel says as if representing everyone. <br/>
At those words, Princess Noel, the bodyguards, Princess Sofia, and even Lucy kneeled. <br/>
Sakurai-kun and Sa-san hurriedly kneeled too. <br/>
A Goddess has descended. <br/>
Normally, I should be following their example. <br/>
But I wanted to complain to her. <br/>
“Ira-sama, what is Sun Hero Alexander? I faced a terrible experience. Keep a proper eye on him.” (Makoto)<br/>
“M-Makoto-sama?!” (Noel) <br/>
“Hero Makoto?! That way of speaking is just…!” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Noel and Princess Sofia were pale white. <br/>
It is okay, it is okay. <br/>
Ira-sama is unexpectedly kind after all.<br/>
“About the matter of the Sun Hero Alexander, I will be explaining it from now on. Also, correct that ‘unexpectedly’. I am overflowing with kindness.” (Ira)<br/>
“Okay\~.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Child of Noah, you have a foul mouth… Well, fine.” (Ira)<br/>
She really did forgive me.<br/>
Ira-sama is a tsundere goddess.<br/>
Right, I want to talk to Noah-sama too.<br/>
She must be angry that I died…<br/>
Noah-sama? <br/>
Are you watching\~? <br/>
(……)<br/>
There’s no response.<br/>
Is she angry?<br/>
“Noah is watching. I have currently set a Divine Precinct Barrier, so Noah’s voice doesn’t reach.” (Ira)<br/>
Ira-sama speaks.<br/>
I see. <br/>
I should apologize later.<br/>
“Now then, next…” (Ira)<br/>
Ira-sama continues.<br/>
“A certain personage will be explaining the details this time.” (Ira)<br/>
Saying this, a giant magic circle appeared in the center of the Great Church. <br/>
A magic circle that shone rainbow. <br/>
The magic formula was for ‘summoning’.<br/>
Who is it calling?<br/>
Mana was flowing from Ira-sama like a flood. <br/>
All of it was being sucked into the magic circle.<br/>
This spell…is impossible for a human.<br/>
The mana of a normal person would dry up before even activating.<br/>
Something shiny came out from the giant magic circle. <br/>
“Eh?” (Noel)<br/>
The surprised voice of Princess Noel resonated.<br/>
The one who showed up was a long, slender, and well-proportioned blonde haired beauty wearing white armor. <br/>
She had a halo that couldn’t be seen directly. <br/>
She is not a person.<br/>
My instincts were telling me that she is on a whole other plane of existence. <br/>
“Raise your head.” <br/>
Being told this, I noticed…<br/>
Not only Princess Noel, Sakurai-kun, and Princess Sofia, even Lucy, Sa-san, and Furiae-san had kneeled. <br/>
Their heads hanging down as if they had forgotten how to breathe. <br/>
The only one who was standing absentminded was me.<br/>
Ah, there’s one other.<br/>
Ira-sama was standing with a meek face.<br/>
…Should I kneel too? <br/>
I made eye-contact with Ira-sama, but she didn’t say anything.<br/>
It seemed like even Ira-sama was refraining from opening her mouth. <br/>
Even Ira-sama… <br/>
In other words, this personage is…<br/>
“I am the Sun Goddess, Althena.” <br/>
It is not like she answered the question in my mind.<br/>
With a slightly curt tone, the ruler of the world appeared in front of me. <br/>
 