[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c213](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/01/23/wm-chapter-213-takatsuki-makoto-meets-the-sun-goddess/)
<br/><br/>
Sun Goddess, Althena-sama.<br/>
The well-known head of the Seven Great Goddesses. <br/>
One of the pillars that rule over the world.<br/>
The eldest daughter of the God King Jupiter. <br/>
The Goddess that governs victory and justice. <br/>
And she is also the Goddess with the highest following. <br/>
Her body shone brightly and couldn’t be seen directly. <br/>
Her feet weren’t touching the ground. She was floating where our line of sight can reach.<br/>
That big of a Goddess is looking down at us silently. <br/>
Her pressure was not like the time when I learned about the descent of Ira-sama. All the people in the place had kneeled and were gulping down their breaths. <br/>
…Crap, I am late.<br/>
Ira-sama made a face of ‘is it okay for you to not be lowering your head?’ at me.<br/>
Hmm, but I am the Apostle of Noah-sama.<br/>
Well, it should be fine.<br/>
Ira-sama sighs as if amazed by this. <br/>
“Now then…” (Althena)<br/>
The Sun Goddess Althena-sama places her right hand to the front. <br/>
What is it…?<br/>
I understood the reason soon after.<br/>
In an instant, a magic circle was formed, and a single man appeared in front of Althena-sama. <br/>
The man falls to the floor. <br/>
The man seemed to be unconscious, and that face is…<br/>
Sun Hero, Alexander.<br/>
“““?!”””<br/>
Tension runs through the place.<br/>
Especially Sa-san and Furiae-san, their expressions changed.<br/>
…You were still alive?<br/>
[Clear Mind] 100%.<br/>
I have to finish him.<br/>
“[Spirit Arm].” (Makoto)<br/>
I immediately changed my right arm into spirit form and tried to attack him.<br/>
It turned into spirit form smoother than any time before. <br/>
At that moment…<br/>
“Wait.” <br/>
My right arm was grabbed.<br/>
It was Ira-sama.<br/>
“Are you crazy? Attacking Althena-oneesama is grounds for erasure, you know?” (Ira)<br/>
“But with him present, Princess will…!” (Makoto)<br/>
“W-Wait! If it is me, I will be okay, My Knight!” (Furiae)<br/>
Even Furiae-san ran my way and clung to my arm. <br/>
If the person herself came to stop me, I can’t move anymore. <br/>
At that moment, the Sun Hero woke up.<br/>
“Hm? …What in the world happened to the great me……?!” (Alex)<br/>
Our eyes met.<br/>
“HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIH!” (Alex)<br/>
Alexander writhes violently. <br/>
Eh?! <br/>
He is crazy scared.<br/>
What happened to the haughty attitude of before? <br/>
“Looks like your Water Spirit King form has become a trauma for him.” (Ira)<br/>
Ira-sama whispered to me. <br/>
“Water Spirit King?” (Makoto)<br/>
This is the first time I hear those words.<br/>
Is she talking about my Spirit Transformation?<br/>
“Aah, I will explain it to you later.” (Ira)<br/>
“Promise.” (Makoto)<br/>
A Water Spirit King sounds strong. <br/>
I am interested! <br/>
“S-Save me! I will be killed! I will be…!” (Alex)<br/>
Althena-sama directs an annoyed gaze at the flailing Sun Hero.<br/>
“Shut up, Alex.” (Althena)<br/>
“!…!!” (Alex)<br/>
At that instant, as if his mouth stopped functioning, Alexander didn’t speak a single word more. <br/>
I couldn’t see a magic circle at all for it. <br/>
The order she spoke had been made compulsory just like that then…?<br/>
Silence and tension ruled the Great Church.<br/>
The Sun Goddess glares at everyone. <br/>
“The Sun Hero Alexander…is my little brother.” (Althena)<br/>
“““?!”””<br/>
Everyone was shocked.<br/>
Even Princess Noel was surprised by this. <br/>
The only one who kept calm was Ira-sama.<br/>
…If you knew, tell me.<br/>
“…”<br/>
She must have read my mind, she went ‘pui!’ and looked the other way. <br/>
That’s not cute, you know?<br/>
But there’s something I have to ask here. <br/>
“Are you telling me to forgive him for what he did to Sa-san and Princess just because he is your brother?” (Makoto)<br/>
I say this with a glare. <br/>
“Makoto-sama?!” (Noel)<br/>
“Hero Makoto?!” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Noel and Princess Sofia raised screams with pale faces.<br/>
But I have to make this clear. <br/>
It seems like the Sun Goddess wasn’t even bothered by my gaze, as if it were just mere wind, and without changing her expression at all, she said this. <br/>
“That’s right. Forgive it.” (Althena)<br/>
(Wa?!) (Makoto)<br/>
What’s with this bastard?! <br/>
“Hngh.” <br/>
I was about to shout out loud, but Ira-sama covers my mouth. <br/>
{You…behave!} (Ira)<br/>
Kuh! Ira-sama (in Esther-san’s body) is super strong!<br/>
Princess Noel spoke instead.<br/>
“…Pardon my impudence here, but I want to ask, Sun Goddess Althena-sama. Why has your great brother descended to the mortal realm, and not only that, but has become the Sun Hero? And even did something like that…” (Noel)<br/>
These are natural questions. <br/>
Or more like, she is the Sun Oracle, so shouldn’t she be made privy to these kinds of things?<br/>
The response of Althena-sama to this was cold. <br/>
“There’s no need for you to know.” (Althena)<br/>
“?! …Y-Yes, understood.” (Noel)<br/>
Being denied bluntly, Princess Noel pulls back.<br/>
Oi oi, you are not going to explain it to us? <br/>
I was interested in whether Furiae-san was going to complain.<br/>
When I looked at her, she must have been swallowed by the atmosphere of the place, she was silent. <br/>
It was the same for Lucy and Sa-san.<br/>
Alright, then I should be the one to be complaining here…<br/>
But I was soon stopped by Ira-sama.<br/>
“Idiot! Stop it. You don’t know just how scary Althena-oneesama is when she is angry…” (Ira)<br/>
“Ira, shut up.” (Althena)<br/>
“Hnnn! Hnn! Hnn!” (Ira)<br/>
Ira-sama, who was reading my mind the whole time, went in between me and Althena-sama, and she ended up getting ‘prohibited from speaking’.<br/>
This Goddess is merciless even towards her little sister.<br/>
…Can’t be helped. I will respect the words of Ira-sama and go with a lower approach.<br/>
“Then, what is your business here?” (Makoto)<br/>
It wasn’t as low as I thought it would be. <br/>
But her little brother caused problems, so my feelings telling me ‘why do I have to be the reserved one here?’ won over.<br/>
“Hnnn! Hnnn! Hnnn! Hnn! Hnnn! (Idiot! Make your tone respectful! Don’t anger Onee-sama!)” (Ira)<br/>
Wow, even though she can’t talk, I can understand what she is trying to say. <br/>
So this is the miracle of a Goddess, huh…<br/>
“Hnn! (Wrong!)” (Ira)<br/>
Looks like I’m wrong.<br/>
“Takatsuki Makoto.” (Althena)<br/>
The Sun Goddess Althena-sama directs her gaze at me. <br/>
Ugh?! <br/>
With just that, I felt like the tip of a blade had been pushed on my throat. <br/>
This is scary. <br/>
“What is it?” (Makoto)<br/>
Even with that, I am the victim here. <br/>
I end up speaking brusquely despite everything.<br/>
“One of your comrades died because of Alex, right?” (Althena)<br/>
“Yes, that’s right. The responsibility for that…” (Makoto)<br/>
“I have returned the life. Confirm it.” (Althena)<br/>
She said it as if nothing.<br/>
She returned the life…?<br/>
“Sa-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
I speak to Sa-san and she hurriedly confirms her Soul Book.<br/>
“T-Takatsuki-kun! My Remaining Lives have returned to 5!” (Aya)<br/>
“Ooh…” (Makoto)<br/>
That’s impressive.<br/>
It has increased! <br/>
You can increase your lives so easily?<br/>
“Thanks, Althena-sama!” (Aya)<br/>
“Yeah.” (Althena)<br/>
Sa-san thanked the Sun Goddess with a whole lot of energy. <br/>
…You, if her little brother hadn’t done anything, you wouldn’t have died in the first place, Sa-san… That I end up thinking this way means I don’t have a big heart? <br/>
Well, let’s just listen for now.<br/>
“Next.” (Althena)<br/>
Althena-sama directed her gaze at Furiae-san who was by my side.<br/>
Furiae-san quivered and hid behind my back.<br/>
“Moon Oracle, this time’s incident happened because of the rejection towards the devilkin that’s present in this continent.” (Althena)<br/>
“…!” <br/>
What’s with that?! <br/>
It is as if she were saying being a devilkin in itself is bad! <br/>
“Althena-sama, that way of saying it is…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Wait, My Knight.” (Furiae)<br/>
I was about to complain, but Furiae-san stopped me.<br/>
“Hnnn! Hnn! (That’s right! Shut up!)” (Ira)<br/>
Ira-sama, you are noisy. <br/>
“Ira…talk already.” (Althena)<br/>
Althena-sama must have felt the same, she gave her ‘permission to speak’.<br/>
“Fuuh…finally can speak.” (Ira)<br/>
“What a scary sister, isn’t she?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah…” (Ira)<br/>
Althena-sama glared at us.<br/>
“Sun Goddess Althena-sama…I have a request.” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san took a step forward.<br/>
Her hands were trembling.<br/>
“I…want a place where the devilkin…my comrades can live in peace.” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san spoke her earnest wish.<br/>
Right…the other party is a ruler of the world.<br/>
It is not good to go against her, huh.<br/>
“Understood.” (Althena)<br/>
The response of Althena-sama was short.<br/>
““…””<br/>
Furiae-san held my hand tightly.<br/>
I held her hand too.<br/>
Silence fell in the place, and everyone waited for the next words of Althena-sama.<br/>
“Moon Oracle Furiae, I will assign you the role of Holy Maiden. Gather the devilkin that are spread around the continent, and create a new country.” (Althena)<br/>
The Sun Goddess Althena-sama assigned Furiae-san as a Holy Maiden with a dignified air. A Holy Maiden just like Princess Noel.<br/>
 