[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c214](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/01/24/wm-chapter-214-the-moon-oracle-furiae-becomes-a-holy-maiden/)
<br/><br/>
TLN: Double Sponsored Chapter today!<br/>
Sponsored Chapter<br/>
Holy Maiden.<br/>
There have only existed two in the history of the West Continent.<br/>
The first one is the founder of the Sun Country of Highland, the Holy Maiden Anna.<br/>
The second one is the next to the throne of Highland, Princess Noel.<br/>
She is the Sun Oracle and the fiance of the Light Hero Sakurai-kun.<br/>
She cleared the Trial of the Gods the other day and became a Holy Maiden.<br/>
A Holy Maiden is said to appear in order to put an end to the war in the world. <br/>
It is a person of extreme importance, as important as the Light Hero. <br/>
Furiae-san has been chosen as the third.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“Moon Oracle Furiae, I will assign you the role of Holy Maiden. Gather the devilkin that are spread around the continent, and create a new country.” (Althena)<br/>
“Eh?” (Furiae)<br/>
Althena-sama’s words made Furiae-san raise her voice in surprise.<br/>
“Me…a Holy Maiden?” (Furiae)<br/>
“Inheriting the blood of the past royal family, the Laphroaig household, you have devilkin blood in you, so you should be fitting for that role. Of course, this isn’t forced, so you can refuse.” (Ira)<br/>
Ira-sama says this as if complementing.<br/>
“Don’t you need to clear the Trial of the Gods to become a Holy Maiden?” (Makoto)<br/>
I think Fuji-yan told me that.<br/>
“The Guardian Knight of the Moon Oracle defeated a demi-god, the Sun Hero Alexander. You can take that as clearing the Trial of the Gods.” (Ira)<br/>
Ira-sama answered my question.<br/>
Hooh, so that’s how it is treated.<br/>
Then fighting Alexander wasn’t pointless.<br/>
…Hm?<br/>
“I won against the Sun Hero Alexander? Princess Sofia said I died though?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Aah…that part is complicated. I will explain later.” (Ira)<br/>
“Also, do you know where the dagger of Noah-sama is at? I can’t find it.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Wait, don’t ask questions one after the other. You are getting way too familiar with me, the Destiny Goddess.” (Ira)<br/>
“Ira, Takatsuki Makoto…silence.” (Althena)<br/>
Althena-sama glared at us.<br/>
““…Yes.””<br/>
Ira-sama and I closed our mouths. <br/>
“Moon Oracle, what will you do?” (Althena)<br/>
Althena-sama asks again.<br/>
“I…” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san glances at me uncertain.<br/>
“Isn’t it okay to do as you please, Princess?” (Makoto)<br/>
When I say this, Furiae-san nods. <br/>
“I accept the position of Holy Maiden with honor.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Understood.” (Althena)<br/>
By the time I noticed, Althena-sama was close to Furiae-san.<br/>
She places a hand on the head of Furiae-san.<br/>
The body of Furiae-san shone rainbow for an instant.<br/>
“I have given you the Divine Protection of the Sun Goddess Althena. From here on, you can call yourself the Miracle Holy Maiden Furiae.” (Althena)<br/>
Ooh.<br/>
Furiae-san has become a Holy Maiden! <br/>
Then she isn’t the Moon Oracle anymore, and that would mean me being the Moon Oracle’s Guardian Knight will end automatically? <br/>
“That’s wrong, Takatsuki Makoto. Your Guardian Knight pact with the Moon Oracle remains. You can be both an Oracle and a Holy Maiden at the same time.” (Ira)<br/>
“I see.” (Makoto)<br/>
I confirm with my own Soul Book just in case, and it still said Moon Oracle’s Guardian Knight. <br/>
I look at Furiae-san’s face. <br/>
She is releasing a divine light…I think.<br/>
“Congratulations, Princess. No, Holy Maiden-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
“You can continue calling me Princess…no, you can call me Furiae, you know?” (Furiae)<br/>
She looked at me with an upward glance as if slightly embarrassed.<br/>
“I will call you Princess as I have until now then.” (Makoto)<br/>
It would be weird to suddenly change my way of calling her after all.<br/>
“I see. But! You are My Knight! So I won’t forgive you if you run away!” (Furiae)<br/>
“Got it.” (Makoto)<br/>
Don’t even need to tell me that.<br/>
The Sun Goddess looks around. <br/>
“Noel, I leave the management of the humans to you. Take over the position of Pope as well. The current Pope will take the responsibility of this. Dismiss him. If problems happen, it will all be dealt with by Ira. Okay, Ira?” (Althena)<br/>
“Y-Yes, understood, Althena-sama.” (Noel)<br/>
Princess Noel nods.<br/>
“Ugh…” (Ira)<br/>
Ira-sama was groaning at the side.<br/>
“Noel, Furiae, cooperate as Holy Maidens and subjugate the Great Demon Lord.” (Althena)<br/>
“……Understood.” (Noel)<br/>
“…Yes.” (Furiae)<br/>
Princess Noel and Furiae-san made eye contact that had a lot of hidden meaning to it, but they both nodded.<br/>
These two don’t seem to be compatible at all. Is this going to be okay…?<br/>
“Lastly…Sakurai Ryosuke.” (Althena)<br/>
“Y-Yes, Althena-sama!” (Sakurai)<br/>
Althena-sama approached Sakurai-kun.<br/>
“Sorry about the matter of Alex. I will be temporarily taking care of him. The only one who can defeat the Great Demon Lord is you. I expect great things from you.” (Althena)<br/>
“…Thanks for your kind words.” (Sakurai)<br/>
Sakurai-kun lowers his head respectfully. <br/>
That was the softest expression Althena-sama has shown today.<br/>
…Isn’t she being kind only to Sakurai-kun?<br/>
“Now, farewell.” (Althena)<br/>
The figure of Althena-sama and Alexander disappear.<br/>
…They left. <br/>
◇◇<br/>
What came after was rough.<br/>
People who heard that I revived (?) came by the droves. <br/>
“Makoto-san…!” (Leo)<br/>
Prince Leonard hugged me for a while as he cried. <br/>
Fuji-yan and Nina-san also cried.<br/>
Janet-san and Geralt-san visited me. <br/>
General Tariska also came. <br/>
Maximilian-san and Oracle Flona-san also came.<br/>
…The Great Sage-sama…didn’t come.<br/>
Or more like, I should be the one going to her, huh.<br/>
But I am a bit sad that she didn’t come.<br/>
I apologized to a lot of people for worrying them.<br/>
Now then, let’s train my water magic today as well.<br/>
Is what I was thinking but…<br/>
“You must not train today, Makoto!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun…rest properly, okay?” (Aya)<br/>
“My Knight, stop worrying everyone.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Hero Makoto, stay still for today at least.” (Sofia)<br/>
All my party members + Princess Sofia stopped me.<br/>
“Okay…” (Makoto)<br/>
Can’t be helped. Let’s sleep.<br/>
I obediently sleep in bed.<br/>
Looks like I was more exhausted than I thought. <br/>
I fell asleep pretty quickly. <br/>
◇◇<br/>
A space with nothing.<br/>
(Well, of course she would call me today…) (Makoto)<br/>
Her only believer died after all.<br/>
She must be pretty pissed.<br/>
I search for Noah-sama and…I see something strange. <br/>
(Hmm?) (Makoto)<br/>
There’s Noah-sama with her arms crossed and in a bad mood.<br/>
That’s expected. <br/>
I see Eir-sama.<br/>
That’s also the usual.<br/>
Ira-sama is here.<br/>
She is but…for some reason, she was sitting on her knees.<br/>
She was hanging her head down and I couldn’t see her expression.<br/>
And the one in front of Ira-sama…<br/>
There was a tall Goddess with her arms crossed like Noah-sama.<br/>
(Even Althena-sama is here…?) (Makoto)<br/>
 I won’t be punished I hope.<br/>
I was pretty rude there after all.<br/>
I nervously approach.<br/>
A bit of courage is needed to head to the place where 4 Goddesses are gathered at. <br/>
“Aah…it is you. Good to see you have come.” (Althena)<br/>
Althena-sama turned around. <br/>
Her face was completely different from her cold one at the Great Church, and seemed like she felt pretty awkward. <br/>
Previous Chapter l Next Chapter<br/>
 