[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c217](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/01/27/wm-chapter-217-takatsuki-makoto-doesnt-hesitate/)
<br/><br/>
“Sun Hero Alex…my little brother, do you want him as your subordinate?” (Althena)<br/>
Althena-sama asked me something outrageous.<br/>
The Sun Hero Alexander and son of the God King.<br/>
He defeated the Light Hero Sakurai-kun in one hit, so his battle power is not lacking at all but…<br/>
“No…I’m okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
He took the life of Sa-san -regardless of having recovered them- and also treated Furiae-san terribly. <br/>
He was also the reason why I died temporarily, so I don’t feel like letting him into my party. <br/>
“…I see.” (Althena)<br/>
Althena-sama made a slightly disappointed expression.<br/>
At that moment, my vision grew hazy. <br/>
“Makoto, time up.” (Noah)<br/>
“Got it. Sorry for worrying you, Noah-sama. Althena-sama, Eir-sama, Ira-sama, thanks for telling me a lot of things.” (Makoto)<br/>
I kneeled, and lowered my head.<br/>
“Takatsuki Makoto, if you are troubled by anything, push everything to Ira.” (Althena)<br/>
“Ugh…” (Ira)<br/>
“O-Okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
The merciless words of Althena-sama made Ira-sama drop her head.<br/>
“See ya\~, Mako-kun.” (Eir)<br/>
Eir-sama had her usual smile.<br/>
“…”<br/>
Noah-sama…had a face as if she wanted to say something, and it bothered me a bit.<br/>
Eventually, my consciousness cut off.<br/>
◇Lucy POV◇<br/>
I woke up.<br/>
The sunlight was coming in from the window.<br/>
…Overslept, huh.<br/>
Yesterday I practically didn’t sleep and was training all the time, but Makoto has come back to life, so I was relieved and relaxed…<br/>
Well, fine.<br/>
(Let’s go see the face of Makoto!) <br/>
I leave my bed, fix my hair in front of the mirror, and wash my face.<br/>
After that, I entered the room of Makoto silently. <br/>
“Wait, he isn’t here?!” (Lucy)<br/>
Makoto’s bed was empty.<br/>
Geez, he must be training.<br/>
I sighed and went down the stairs.<br/>
“\~\~\~♪\~\~\~♪”<br/>
I could hear cheerful humming from the kitchen.<br/>
The nice scent of freshly made bread wafted around.<br/>
I could hear the sound of stirring soup, and the sound of ham being cooked on the frying pan.<br/>
The one in the kitchen is a girl in a pink apron.<br/>
“Aya, good morning!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Good morning, Lu-chan!” (Aya)<br/>
My friend turned around with a big smile on her face.<br/>
We have reserved this whole inn, and we ourselves are the ones making the food.<br/>
Aya apparently found that more fun.<br/>
“Have you seen Makoto?” (Lucy)<br/>
“He said he would be training in the garden.” (Aya)<br/>
“He should just rest… You seem to be in a good mood, Aya.” (Lucy)<br/>
I can’t believe she is that same person that was crying all the time.<br/>
Well, I was in a pretty similar state, so I can’t really say much about her.<br/>
“Nfufu\~, Takatsuki-kun told me ‘you don’t need to push yourself. I will protect you, Sa-san’. Kyaa\~♪.” (Aya)<br/>
“I-I see.” (Lucy)<br/>
Oh my, that man..he says quite the cool stuff.<br/>
Wonder if he can say something to me too.<br/>
“That’s why I told him ‘let’s be together forever, okay? That we would never be apart even in death!’. And then he said ‘Okay’.” (Aya)<br/>
Aya smiling so brightly is cute.<br/>
It is cute, but…is it just me who thinks that her words are heavy?<br/>
“Food will be ready soon, so please go call Takatsuki-kun and Fu-chan\~.” (Aya)<br/>
“Got it.” (Lucy)<br/>
I tried going out to the garden, but I noticed the shadow of someone. <br/>
The Moon Oracle Furi was sitting on the sofa of the dining room spaced out. <br/>
Ah, that’s not it.<br/>
She is not the Moon Oracle anymore, but a Holy Maiden, right?<br/>
She doesn’t look that different, but I feel like she is giving off a divine aura.<br/>
The most beautiful woman in the world is currently…looking as if her soul has been taken away.<br/>
“Good morning, Furi.” (Lucy)<br/>
“?!! Mage-san?!” (Furiae)<br/>
She directed her gaze here as if she had returned to her senses.<br/>
“Are you okay?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Yeah… Yesterday was so packed…I was a bit overwhelmed.” (Furiae)<br/>
“True…” (Lucy)<br/>
That can’t be helped.<br/>
A few days ago, the Sun Hero had come aiming for Furi.<br/>
Makoto fought him off, but he disappeared together with him…and died.<br/>
Everyone in the party including me had fallen into despair, and then, Makoto was resurrected.<br/>
Then, Furi turned from Moon Oracle to Holy Maiden.<br/>
It was a series of shocking events one after the other.<br/>
“Aya said food is almost ready.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Thanks… I am not hungry, but I will eat.” (Furiae)<br/>
“That’s right, you should eat! Stamina is the foundation of an adventurer after all! But you will be making a country from now on, right, Furi? You won’t be able to go adventuring anymore?” (Lucy)<br/>
“I don’t know…” (Furiae)<br/>
Her sighing looked so alluring.<br/>
Muh, it makes even a girl like me skip a beat. <br/>
“Furi, I will go call Makoto. Want to come with me?” (Lucy)<br/>
“?! M-My Knight?!” (Furiae)<br/>
She made a complete change from just now and had a bright red face.<br/>
I didn’t say anything weird though.<br/>
“Even though he should be in the recovery stage…he is already training. Let’s go scold him about not pushing himself.” (Lucy)<br/>
Saying this, I tried to pull the hand of Furi.<br/>
“W-Wait! Wait a minute, Mage-san! My heart isn’t ready yet!” (Furiae)<br/>
“…We are just going to the garden to call Makoto though?” (Lucy)<br/>
“I-I will refrain!” (Furiae)<br/>
“Is that so?” (Lucy)<br/>
It can’t be helped, so I decide to go on my own.<br/>
I open the backdoor and go outside.<br/>
At that time, I looked back to Furi.<br/>
“I-Is my face red…?” (Furiae)<br/>
The Holy Maiden Furi was touching her own flushed cheeks and her low mutter reached my ears. <br/>
(Aah, she fell…) <br/>
I sighed as I headed to the garden.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
A small river was flowing at the back of the house. <br/>
Makoto was sitting cross-legged in front of it with his back facing this way.<br/>
I walked my way to Makoto.<br/>
“Makoto\~! Breakfast is—” (Lucy)<br/>
I waved my hand and called him, but ‘something’ passed in front of me.<br/>
(Oh…?) <br/>
It was a blue fish.<br/>
It was as big as the nail of a pinky finger. <br/>
It is really really small.<br/>
It was sparkling as it swam with a school of fish in midair.<br/>
Fish made from water magic.<br/>
The user of this magic must be Makoto without doubt. <br/>
But there was something that bothered me.<br/>
“Wow… Even though it is this small, the scales and the fins are recreated as well. Also, it moves as if it were alive…” (Lucy)<br/>
Several hundred magic fishes were elegantly passing by in front of me while making complicated moves.<br/>
“Eh…?” (Lucy)<br/>
Something passed by in front of me again.<br/>
Several hundred water magic butterflies.<br/>
Those butterflies with transparent wings were making complicated moves as if they were alive too.<br/>
At that moment, I felt slight mana from overhead.<br/>
It wasn’t attack magic.<br/>
It is small mana that wouldn’t hurt anyone.<br/>
However, there was a ton…a whole ton…of this mana. What is it?<br/>
I look up at the sky. <br/>
(W-What’s that?!) <br/>
Small creatures made from water magic enough to cover the sky were freely flying around. <br/>
Each and every one of them were made in an elaborate and precise manner.<br/>
When I tried to touch one of those to see what would happen, it disappeared.<br/>
When someone like me who has a lot of fire magic mana touches the water spells of Makoto, I end up breaking them.<br/>
That’s why this is Makoto’s magic.<br/>
These several tens of thousands of water spells were all being controlled by Makoto.<br/>
These creatures that were created from water magic were sparkling with the light of the sun.<br/>
It was so beautiful it felt illusory. <br/>
However, I as a mage was plain terrified by the amount of spells that broke every manner of common sense.<br/>
I return my gaze to my sweetheart Makoto as if I were looking at something fearsome.<br/>
He was playing with the black cat Tsui, looking like he was having fun.<br/>
Even though he is controlling this amount of spells, what’s with that face as if this were nothing…?<br/>
Impossible…<br/>
What’s going on?<br/>
I walk as I pass through the flock of water magic creatures Makoto created and reach his side.<br/>
“Good morning, Makoto!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Good morning, Lucy.” (Makoto)<br/>
Looks like he already knew I was here.<br/>
Even though I spoke to him from the back, he wasn’t showing signs of being surprised.<br/>
“Hey…this is your magic, right, Makoto?” (Lucy)<br/>
I point at the small critters that were flying around.<br/>
“Yeah. Pretty, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
“That’s not what I mean! The numbers! Numbers! What in the world is going on?!” (Lucy)<br/>
“I feel like I’m in top shape today.” (Makoto)<br/>
“This is weird! Did you get a special Skill or something?!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Skill…? No, Althena-sama and Ira-sama didn’t say anything though…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Althena-sama? Ira-sama?” (Lucy)<br/>
The Goddesses that gave off fearsome pressure and we met just the other day.<br/>
Even just remembering it was making my body shake…<br/>
“Well, Ira-sama is an airhead, so there’s the chance that she might have forgotten to tell me. Ira-sama is clumsy, and Althena-sama seemed like an unexpectedly good person.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Y-You shouldn’t talk like that about the Goddesses!” (Lucy)<br/>
What a scary thing to say! <br/>
If a believer were to hear that, it would be terrible! <br/>
“It is okay. Althena-sama and Ira-sama are kind. I should check my Soul Book just in case though…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Why are you so familiar with the Goddesses…” (Lucy)<br/>
While we were having that talk, Makoto opened his Soul Book, and I hugged him from the back and peeked at it. <br/>
It doesn’t seem like he has any new Skills.<br/>
“It hasn’t changed, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hmm, yeah…” (Lucy)<br/>
I gave a sweeping glance at the Soul Book, and noticed…<br/>
“………..Eh?” (Lucy)<br/>
My eyes opened wide.<br/>
“Lucy, what’s wrong?” (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto’s voice reached my ears, but I couldn’t speak.<br/>
This was written there…<br/>
—Water Magic Proficiency: 999<br/>
W-What’s this?! <br/>
 