[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c218](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/01/28/wm-chapter-218-takatsuki-makoto-helps-out-the-holy-maiden/)
<br/><br/>
“““Itadakimasu.”””<br/>
We were eating the food Sa-san made.<br/>
Lucy and I were all excited after seeing the Soul Book, and Sa-san scolded us going ‘Come already!’.<br/>
Let’s inspect the matter of my water magic proficiency being 999 later.<br/>
Today’s breakfast is toasted bread, vegetable soup, ham, eggs, and salad.<br/>
It is western style, but it is an assortment that you could find normally in Japan too.<br/>
I sandwich the salad, ham, and eggs in the bread and add mayonnaise. <br/>
I bought the mayonnaise from the store of Fuji-yan.<br/>
You really gotta have mayonnaise in an isekai! (prejudice)<br/>
I ate the improvised sandwich as I share the dream I had yesterday. <br/>
“And so, Althena-sama was a good Goddess. Ira-sama was disappointing though.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eeh…Ira-sama was that kind of Goddess… That’s a shock.” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy was surprised by what I said.<br/>
“Is it okay to have refused the offer of having the Sun Hero as your subordinate, Takatsuki-kun?” (Aya)<br/>
“You wouldn’t like that, right, Sa-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
“It is true that it would be scary, but it would be better to have him as an ally, I guess…” (Aya)<br/>
Seriously? Sa-san is quite the tough cookie.<br/>
Furiae-san was listening to our conversation absentminded.<br/>
“Princess.” (Makoto)<br/>
“W-What is it?” (Furiae)<br/>
“Are you not feeling well?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I am totally fine!” (Furiae)<br/>
Really? <br/>
You have barely taken a bite.<br/>
We finished eating, and while we were drinking some tea after,  we heard footsteps.<br/>
A lot of footsteps.<br/>
Hm? Did we have plans to receive guests today? <br/>
“Hero Makoto! Furiae! Are you here?!” <br/>
It was Princess Sofia.<br/>
At her back there’s her bodyguards, Fuji-yan, and…Oracle Esther-san?<br/>
“Good morning, Princess Sofia. Is there something you need?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Good morning, Hero Makoto. Looks like Furiae is also here.” (Sofia)<br/>
“W-What is it?” (Furiae)<br/>
Princess Sofia approached us with a grim expression.<br/>
Furiae-san stands on guard.<br/>
“The devilkin of the Sun Country…no, the devilkin of the whole continent have come rushing here and want to see the Holy Maiden Furiae.” (Sofia)<br/>
“““Eh?”””<br/>
Not only Furiae-san, even Lucy, Sa-san, and I let out our voices in surprise. <br/>
The devilkin of the whole continent…?<br/>
“W-What brought this…?” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san’s voice was trembling.<br/>
“Looks like the Goddess of Fortune Ira-sama showed up in the dreams of the devilkin and said that the Holy Maiden Furiae will be founding a nation for the sake of the devilkin! Because of this, the devilkin have apparently gathered under Furiae-dono…” (Fuji)<br/>
“Ira-sama did…?” (Makoto)<br/>
I direct a suspicious look at Oracle Esther-san who is at the back of everyone after hearing what Fuji-yan said.<br/>
Esther-san averted her gaze.<br/>
“Ira-sama…? What did you do this time?” (Makoto)<br/>
When I said this, everyone had shocked faces.<br/>
“Hero Makoto, what do you mean by that? The one here is Esther-sama—” (Sofia)<br/>
“Ira-sama\~? Look me in the eye. I’m gonna tell Althena-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Stop!!” <br/>
Esther-san jumped here when I said that.<br/>
So it really was you, Ira-sama!<br/>
“So? What did you mess up this time?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I didn’t mess up! Furiae has become a Holy Maiden, so she needs people to make her nation, right? That’s why I told the devilkin through their dreams! Thanks to that, a whole lot of devilkin have gathered, right?” (Ira)<br/>
“Ira-sama has descended?!” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia and the bodyguards had stiffened their faces.<br/>
This Goddess is always descended after all.<br/>
“Even so, isn’t it way too sudden? There should be preparations first…” (Makoto)<br/>
“What are you talking about as if we have the whole time in the world, Takatsuki Makoto? The Great Demon Lord is resurrecting tomorrow, you know? When that happens, due to the national emergency state taking effect, the movement of people will be difficult. This is the best timing.” (Ira)<br/>
““Tomorrow?!””<br/>
The ruckus jumps drastically at the words of Ira-sama.<br/>
Why haven’t you told us such an important thing…?<br/>
“E-Eh? I didn’t tell you?” (Ira)<br/>
This airheaded Goddess is a lost cause.<br/>
Well, everyone knew the Great Demon Lord would be resurrecting in a few days, and the preparations for war should have been done.<br/>
“Princess, are you okay?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh?! Ah…yeah, I’m okay…” (Furiae)<br/>
I peeked at Furiae-san’s face who was overheating from the flood of information.<br/>
“Your face is red though?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I-I’m okay! That’s why…your face is too close.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Don’t you have a cold?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hih!” (Furiae)<br/>
I placed a hand on Furiae-san’s forehead.<br/>
Hmm, I think it is a bit hot.<br/>
“Okay\~, Fu-chan, calm down.” (Aya)<br/>
“Makoto, you get away from Furi.” (Lucy)<br/>
Sa-san tapped the shoulder of Furiae-san, and Lucy pulled me away from Furiae-san.<br/>
Oi, I am worried about the physical condition of Princess here.<br/>
“Leave the devilkin that have come to Camelon! We have made temporary dwellings for them outside Symphonia. Camelon has also arranged the food.” (Ira)<br/>
“Ooh, as expected of Ira-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
Ira-sama with the body of Esther-san pushes up her small chest and goes ‘hmph’.<br/>
“Furiae, see who are the necessary people for the foundation of your country within the devilkin. I will prepare a place where you can interview them in order.” (Ira)<br/>
“M-Me…?” (Furiae)<br/>
“You can’t form a nation on your own, right? Camelon will assist you, so in that frame of time gather people who can assist you.” (Ira)<br/>
“U-Understood. I will try.” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san was slightly insecure, but still nodded with strength.<br/>
This…looks like I will have to help out too.<br/>
“Fuji-yan, can you assist Princess?!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hm, I see. Got it-desu zo.” (Fuji)<br/>
Fuji-yan immediately understood my words.<br/>
A lot of people with ulterior motives will be gathering under Furiae-san, so with Fuji-yan’s mind reading ability, I will have him judge who are the trustworthy people.<br/>
“Princess, is it okay for Fuji-yan to help out?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I’m fine with that but…what about you?” (Furiae)<br/>
“Of course I will help out too.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I see. Fine then.” (Furiae)<br/>
Princess’s expression slowly regained calm.<br/>
“Looks like the conversation is progressing on its own here, but…I will be helping out too, Furiae.” (Sofia) <br/>
“Is there anything we can do…?” (Lucy)<br/>
“There definitely must be. Fu-chan, if there’s anything troubling you, say it, okay?!” (Aya)<br/>
Looks like Princess Sofia, Lucy, and Sa-san will be cooperating as well.<br/>
We headed to the place that’s apparently where the devilkin are gathering. <br/>
◇◇<br/>
“I am tired, My Knight…” (Furiae)<br/>
“Let’s have food delivery for today…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Isn’t this great, Furi? You are super popular…” (Aya)<br/>
Around evening, Princess, Sa-san, and Lucy were sprawled in the living room of the inn.<br/>
“Everyone is tired.” (Sofia)<br/>
“It was busy after all…” (Makoto)<br/>
Princess Sofia spoke to me worried.<br/>
We finished the interview of more than a hundred devilkin just today alone.<br/>
We had Lucy check the ability of the mages.<br/>
Sa-san a test of practical skill with the warriors.<br/>
For their nature, we had Fuji-yan check with his mind reading.<br/>
Furiae-san did the final interview.<br/>
Furiae-san only directly interviewed the people that were especially proficient after passing the tests. <br/>
There were already close to 1,000 devilkin gathered, so Princess Sofia and Esther-san’s subordinates divided the work to register the names of the regular devilkin.<br/>
Looks like for now they are hurrying to secure the ones who have experience in public works and agriculture.<br/>
The ruins of the Moon Country have a lot of monsters, so there’s the need for people who have battle skill.<br/>
But well, there’s a lot of mages within the devilkin, so there’s apparently no problem when it comes to battles.<br/>
Princess Sofia, Fuji-yan, and the others were saying all that while promptly assorting them.<br/>
Me?<br/>
I was simply watching by the side of Furiae-san.<br/>
I had nothing to do.<br/>
“Well then, I have to meet Princess Noel now, so I will be heading to the Highland Castle.” (Sofia)<br/>
Princess Sofia holds my hand as if reluctant to go.<br/>
I hold her hand too.<br/>
“Thanks, Sofia.” (Makoto)<br/>
“If you really think that, please give me more attention.” (Sofia)<br/>
She pulled my cheek with a sulking look.<br/>
Uhm, what should I do?<br/>
Okay! When in trouble, give a hug! <br/>
“Kya!” (Sofia)<br/>
When I hugged her, she made a cute scream and went ‘what a sly man’.<br/>
Her expression got gentler, so this should have been the correct route. <br/>
(Nice. Good job, Mako-kun.) (Eir)<br/>
Eir-sama was watching.<br/>
“““…”””<br/>
Lucy, Sa-san, and Furiae-san were also watching.<br/>
I tried not to direct my eyes there, but it was impossible.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
Even when it was night, I was training in my room at the inn.<br/>
Finally, the Great Demon Lord is resurrecting tomorrow…<br/>
This is the biggest event that has been told of constantly since we came to this world.<br/>
I am excited.<br/>
Now, I should train my magic in preparation for the Great Demon Lord battle! <br/>
(That’s as usual then.) (Noah)<br/>
The usual is important, Noah-sama.<br/>
When we were having that conversation…<br/>
*Knock knock*<br/>
Someone knocked on the door.<br/>
Did Lucy come to invite me to train? Or maybe Sa-san came to talk?<br/>
I expected it was one of those two.<br/>
“Come in.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I-I’m coming in…” <br/>
I was mistaken. The one who came in was the Holy Maiden Furiae-san in her nightwear. <br/>
 