[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c219](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/01/29/wm-chapter-219-takatsuki-makoto-speaks-to-the-holy-maiden/)
<br/><br/>
Sponsored Chapter!<br/>
“Uhm, got some time?” (Furiae)<br/>
A faint purple…negligee…is what’s called, right?<br/>
Furiae-san had an alluring nightwear as she entered my room.<br/>
“Yeah, of course.” (Makoto)<br/>
I was surprised by the difference in her usual atmosphere, and I invited her to have a seat in my room.<br/>
But Furiae-san sat on my bed.<br/>
Why there?<br/>
Is it a serious conversation?<br/>
When Lucy and Sa-san came to my room, they were having a conversation while I trained though…<br/>
After thinking about it, I stopped my training and sat on the seat.<br/>
“……”<br/>
“……..?” <br/>
Furiae-san isn’t saying anything.<br/>
“Princess?” (Makoto)<br/>
Before I could say ‘what brings you here?’…<br/>
“Sit by my side!”, and she slaps the bed.<br/>
“O-Okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
I said this and sat by the side of Furiae-san.<br/>
And then, I peek at her face.<br/>
She isn’t making eye contact.<br/>
But I could tell that she was trying to say something.<br/>
Is it something that’s hard to say?<br/>
It might be about leaving the party since she has become a Holy Maiden and will be founding a nation.<br/>
If Furiae-san plans on focusing on that, I intend to help her out. <br/>
Ah, but I promised Sakurai-kun that I would help him in the fight against the Great Demon Lord.<br/>
When that happens, we would have to separate.<br/>
Also, I personally would want to show up in the last battle. <br/>
I waited for Furiae-san to speak while I thought about this.<br/>
“……”<br/>
“……”<br/>
I could hear the slight hustle and bustle of the city afar.<br/>
The nights of Symphonia are long.<br/>
But the inside of the room was silent.<br/>
“U-Uhm! My Knight!” (Furiae)<br/>
“Yeah?” (Makoto)<br/>
Furiae-san held my hand and faced here.<br/>
Her eyes were serious. <br/>
What is she going to say…?<br/>
“The other day…you saved me from the Sun Hero… Thanks for that.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
Talking about that at this point?<br/>
I thought for sure that it would be a talk about the future.<br/>
“I…was happy. My Charm doesn’t work on you, yet you risked your life for me…” (Furiae)<br/>
“Dying wasn’t part of my plan though…” (Makoto)<br/>
Moreover, by the hand of Eir-sama.<br/>
Noah-sama also scolded me real hard.<br/>
I sighed lightly.<br/>
“Hey, My Knight.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Y-Yes?” (Makoto)<br/>
My head was in reflection mode from my past, so I changed gears.<br/>
I face Furiae-san again.<br/>
“I have been given a lot from you. You helped me in Highland, brought me to a whole lot of countries, saved me from the Sun Hero, and made me a Holy Maiden…” (Furiae)<br/>
“Hmm…” (Makoto)<br/>
She became a Holy Maiden thanks to Althena-sama though.<br/>
The others were also not only thanks to me.<br/>
“I became your Guardian Knight and received the Charm Skill. That’s why we are even, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
“That alone isn’t enough. It isn’t even. But I don’t know how to pay you back, what to do to make you happy, or what to do to tell you about these feelings…” (Furiae)<br/>
“…”<br/>
‘There’s no need to be so reserved’, is what I wanted to say, but when I saw the tears welling up in Furiae-san’s eyes, I swallowed the words.<br/>
By the time I noticed, Furiae-san’s slender body leaned on me, and her face was so close that it felt as if it would reach my face.<br/>
Her obsidian-like damp eyes looking up at me.<br/>
“Makoto…” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san called my name.<br/>
According to my memories, she has only called me that at the time when we formed the Guardian Knight pact.<br/>
“Don’t be so reckless anymore…” (Furiae)<br/>
“Princess…” (Makoto)<br/>
Furiae-san’s eyes were looking straight at me as if piercing right through me, and I couldn’t move.<br/>
Clear Mind is active, right…?<br/>
The sound of my heart beating is loud.<br/>
Furiae-san silently closed her eyes.<br/>
Her beautiful face slowly approached, and her lips were pushed against mine. <br/>
The moment I was kissed, I caught a slight flowery scent.<br/>
I held her shoulders, and when I was wondering about whether to close my eyes…<br/>
“Makoto! Let’s train!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun! I made a late-night snack!” (Aya)<br/>
The door was opened with a bang!<br/>
Lucy was talking about training yet she had a bottle of wine in her hand, and there’s Sa-san showing up with a food plate on hand.<br/>
““……””<br/>
The gazes of four people interconnect.<br/>
Furiae-san separated from me in an instant.<br/>
“Y-You’ve got it wrong!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san shouts.<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san ignore her and come here.<br/>
“Haah… Makoto, for now, drink this.” (Lucy)<br/>
Lucy who supposedly came to train was for some reason filling up a glass with wine.<br/>
“For the predator Takatsuki-kun, here’s some bone meat for a late-night snack\~.” (Aya)<br/>
Sa-san placed a giant plate down with a smile! <br/>
…I am the type that doesn’t eat much at night though…<br/>
“U-Uhm…Mage Lucy-san? Hero Aya-san?” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san’s voice was trembling.<br/>
I tried asking what bothered me.<br/>
“Did you hear the voice of us two?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Obviously.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Loud and clear.” (Aya)<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san easily answer.<br/>
“Wa?!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san was shocked, but Lucy has the terrifying ears of an elf, and there’s the Lamia Queen Sa-san who can detect the slightest of vibrations as sound.<br/>
A conversation in the same building as these two is the same as having a conversation at their side.<br/>
“But I didn’t expect you to be kissing.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Yeah, Fu-chan is pretty aggressive.” (Aya)<br/>
“W-Wait! You heard everything?!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san was getting all flustered at Lucy and Sa-san who were acting all normal.<br/>
…I am also not that calm.<br/>
Just what in the world was that kiss just now…<br/>
“Now, Furi, looks like you have finally admitted your feelings for Makoto.” (Lucy)<br/>
“I won’t forgive you if you try to wriggle out of this one\~.” (Aya)<br/>
“No way! You were letting me swim around on purpose?!” (Furiae)<br/>
“No, that’s not it…” (Lucy)<br/>
“You know…just listening to what you were saying made my heart beat faster.” (Aya)<br/>
“Wuuh…to think you were listening…” (Furiae)<br/>
The 3 girls were having a lively conversation there.<br/>
This is my room though…<br/>
“Here, Makoto. Come and drink.” (Lucy)<br/>
“What about the training?” (Makoto)<br/>
“You can do it while drinking, right?!” (Lucy)<br/>
Today’s Lucy is more pushy than normal.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun, you put your hands on Fu-chan, huh\~.” (Aya)<br/>
“S-Sa-san?!” (Makoto)<br/>
Your eyes are scary!<br/>
Furiae-san at my side had a bright red face even before drinking.<br/>
In the end, it ended up in a drinking party.<br/>
“So, Makoto, are you going to go out with Furi?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Aah, Fu-chan too, huh\~.” (Aya)<br/>
“Hmm…” (Makoto)<br/>
Lucy and Sa-san were probing me.<br/>
“Wait! It is not like that!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san cuts in.<br/>
“Hm? Furi, even after doing something like that, you can’t become honest?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Looks like she hasn’t drunk enough, Lu-chan.” (Aya)<br/>
“Also! You drink too, Makoto!” (Lucy)<br/>
“Why me too…” (Makoto)<br/>
The two who were kind in the evening are being scary. <br/>
Lucy and Sa-san made me drink a whole ton.<br/>
Furiae-san was also made to drink a lot.<br/>
Even when it had gotten late into the night, Lucy and Sa-san were not freeing us.<br/>
“…I will sleep here today!” (Furiae)<br/>
Furiae-san laid down on my bed.<br/>
Oi oi…<br/>
“Then I will do that too.” (Lucy)<br/>
“I will go get pillows, okay\~?” (Aya)<br/>
Looks like Lucy and Sa-san will be sleeping here too.<br/>
…Why?<br/>
“You people, even though you stay the night in My Knight’s room so nonchalantly, why are you two still…” (Furiae)<br/>
“Wa?! Isn’t that fine?!” (Lucy)<br/>
“T-That’s right. It is because Lu-chan always gets in the way!” (Aya)<br/>
“You plan on making it my fault?! You also get in the way all the time, Aya!” (Lucy)<br/>
“That’s not true! It is Lu-chan’s fault!” (Aya)<br/>
“Fine… I am the one at fault for asking… I’m sleepy.” (Furiae)<br/>
The 3 seem to be getting lively.<br/>
I lied sideways at the corner of the bed.<br/>
It didn’t take long before I couldn’t endure the drowsiness and fell asleep.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
The next day.<br/>
I woke up later than usual.<br/>
When I look at my side…Furiae-san was sleeping.<br/>
A string of her negligee was slipping off, so I put it back in place.<br/>
Further back there’s Sa-san and Lucy hugging each other as they slept.<br/>
You two really get along well.<br/>
More like, the population of this bed is crazy.<br/>
I sat at the corner of the bed.<br/>
The Great Demon Lord Iblis is resurrecting today.<br/>
I can somewhat tell that the whole city is noisy.<br/>
Alright, let’s prepare to go out! <br/>
Just at the moment I was about to leave the bed…<br/>
*Bang!!*<br/>
The door opened up without even knocking.<br/>
“Hero Makoto, the Great Demon Lord has resurrected! Please come to the Holy Maiden Anna’s Great Church at on—” <br/>
The one who entered was Princess Sofia.<br/>
““……””<br/>
Princess Sofia looked at my face, and then directed her eyes at Furiae-san, Lucy, and Sa-san, and then she returned her gaze to me.<br/>
I averted my gaze.<br/>
Princess Sofia walks over here.<br/>
Cold sweat runs down my back.<br/>
Princess Sofia makes me look forward with outstanding strength.<br/>
In front of me there’s the beautiful face of Princess Sofia who is smiling kindly…yet there’s a vein popping out. <br/>
“Last night must have been fun.” (Sofia)<br/>
“It is a misunderstanding!” (Makoto)<br/>
(Liar\~.) (Eir)<br/>
(Lying is bad.) (Noah)<br/>
Eir-sama and Noah-sama retorted.<br/>
I pampered Princess Sofia a whole lot, and somehow managed to fix her mood.<br/>
 