[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c226](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/02/07/wm-chapter-226-takatsuki-makoto-heads-to-the-demon-lord-castle/)
<br/><br/>
“Uhm…Makoto-sama? This direction is where the Demon Lord Castle is…” (Momo)<br/><br/>
Momo pulled my sleeve scared. <br/><br/>
The human farm is at the back of the Demon Lord Castle, and this giant white castle could be clearly seen even from afar. <br/><br/>
The close aides of the Demon Lord are stationed in the vicinity of the Demon Lord Castle.<br/><br/>
They are strong, and you would get eaten in the blink of an eye.<br/><br/>
That’s why Momo and I had been taking distance from the Demon Lord Castle as we passed our days.<br/><br/>
But according to what the boy said before…<br/><br/>
The Heroes will be executed.<br/><br/>
If Hero Abel is within those people, it is mission failed.<br/><br/>
I think the chances of that being the case are high.<br/><br/>
According to the Legend of Hero Abel, he gets stronger and stronger in the second half.<br/><br/>
Riding the holy dragon that soars the skies, he would go around the whole world, defeat Demon Lords, and began to be called the Savior. <br/><br/>
If the legends are true, there should be almost no one who can win against Abel who has become strong. <br/><br/>
That’s why if they are planning on changing the past, they would aim for the time when Hero Abel hasn’t awakened yet. <br/><br/>
The Demon Lord Bifrons that Abel is<br/>
 supposed <br/>
to subjugate first.<br/><br/>
The Heroes that are apparently going to be executed with this timing.<br/><br/>
…It would have been dangerous if I hadn’t been told this.<br/><br/>
“Momo, I will be going to the Demon Lord Castle to save the Heroes.” (Makoto)<br/><br/>
“?!” <br/><br/>
I have told her my objective, so she must have been expecting it to a certain extent, but even with that, the face of Momo stiffened greatly.<br/><br/>
“H-How…will you do it…?” (Momo)<br/><br/>
“I don’t know. First, I will gather information on site.” (Makoto)<br/><br/>
“Do you have any comrades…?” (Momo)<br/><br/>
“None. Not a single one.” (Makoto)<br/><br/>
“No way… It is im—” (Momo)<br/><br/>
Momo was probably about to say ‘it is impossible’, but she hung her head down and went silent.<br/><br/>
“I…I…” (Momo)<br/><br/>
Of course this would happen.<br/><br/>
Momo’s magic proficiency is on the level that she can’t even use magic chantless.<br/><br/>
She would be lacking in terms of battle power.<br/><br/>
That said, even if I were to tell her to hide somewhere, there’s no safe place in the human farm.<br/><br/>
“Want to come with me?” (Makoto)<br/><br/>
“…Is that okay?” (Momo)<br/><br/>
In the end, the only thing I could think of was to protect her in a place where I can reach.<br/><br/>
Most of all, I myself am in a hurry here.<br/><br/>
I want to know about the current state of the Heroes that are about to be executed.<br/><br/>
“Let’s go.” (Makoto)<br/><br/>
“Yes.” (Momo)<br/><br/>
Momo and I held hands. I activated Stealth, and hurried to the Demon Lord Castle. <br/><br/>
◇◇<br/><br/>
“Hmm, can’t proceed any further than this, huh…” (Makoto)<br/><br/>
“…It would be difficult.” (Momo)<br/><br/>
Right now we are at a slightly elevated hill that’s close to the city near the castle.<br/><br/>
The castle is surrounded by moats and walls.<br/><br/>
However, rather than calling it walls to protect from outside forces, it is more like it is to delineate ‘from here on it is a special place’. <br/><br/>
Also, most around that area are demons.<br/><br/>
There’s also elves and dwarves that seem to be the slaves of the demons.<br/><br/>
There’s also human slaves.<br/><br/>
They would all be beautiful, have great physique, or easy to see characteristics.<br/><br/>
(It would be difficult for me and Momo to blend with them…) (Makoto)<br/><br/>
I held down my impatient emotions, and concentrated on gathering information with Farsight and Eavesdrop.<br/><br/>
The demons spoke loudly and I could easily pick their conversations with Eavesdrop.<br/><br/>
The result is that I learned some things.<br/><br/>
– Bifrons is currently away.<br/><br/>
– The execution will take place when Bifrons comes back.<br/><br/>
– There’s 3 Heroes who will be executed (names unknown).<br/><br/>
(The Demon Lord being away is the fortune within the misfortune, huh…) (Makoto)<br/><br/>
I also heard something interesting.<br/><br/>
The conversation of some demons.<br/><br/>
“Hey, about the Heroes that were caught and are in the plaza, shouldn’t we execute them at once?” <br/><br/>
“You…don’t you know? If you kill a Hero, the <br/>
next Hero<br/>
 is born, you know? The Goddesses would give Skills to the new Hero after all. That’s why it is better to capture Heroes without killing them.” <br/><br/>
“But the Great Demon Lord-sama said personally to ‘Kill the Heroes’, right?” <br/><br/>
“Aah, we apparently have to definitely kill a <br/>
certain<br/>
 Hero… We don’t know who it is, so Bifrons-sama has gone to the Great Demon Lord-sama to confirm.” <br/><br/>
“Can’t we just bring the captured Heroes to the Great Demon Lord-sama…?” <br/><br/>
“You…saying something like bringing the lowly Heroes to the Great Demon Lord-sama that rarely shows itself…? I won’t be responsible for whatever kind of punishment you would get from that, you know?” <br/><br/>
“So scary, so scary. Well, not even we have seen the Great Demon Lord-sama after all.” <br/><br/>
“Just listening to that voice makes me tremble.” <br/><br/>
“Now that you mention it, it is better to capture the Heroes alive, right…?” <br/><br/>
“Yeah, I told you that just now, right?” <br/><br/>
“Then, why is the Black Knight Cain-sama killing the Heroes immediately?” <br/><br/>
“You… There’s no way Cain-sama can make such rational decisions, right?” <br/><br/>
“Ah, right. That personage has several screws loose after all.” <br/><br/>
“Yeah… He is a personage that’s as scary as the Great Demon Lord-sama in a different sense.” <br/><br/>
It was that kind of conversation.<br/><br/>
(I see…)<br/><br/>
So that’s the reason why they don’t execute them at once.<br/><br/>
But, in the end, I don’t know if Abel is within that group.<br/><br/>
Also, the former Apostle of Noah-sama has a bad reputation.<br/><br/>
Wonder what kind of guy he is…<br/><br/>
I kinda want to meet him, and I kind of don’t…<br/><br/>
“Makoto-sama…how was it?” (Momo)<br/><br/>
Momo was munching on a fruit that looks like an apple which we found while we were moving around.<br/><br/>
Sorry, that’s the only food we got.<br/><br/>
“I am thinking about going in tonight.” (Makoto)<br/><br/>
“T-Tonight?!” (Momo)<br/><br/>
“Yeah, it seems like everyone sleeps at night after all.” (Makoto)<br/><br/>
We arrived close to the Demon Lord Castle yesterday. <br/><br/>
I have been observing the Demon Lord Castle and the area near the castle for a whole day.<br/><br/>
There’s few who walk around at night.<br/><br/>
I will create mist with magic, and slip in that way.<br/><br/>
There’s lookouts, but they lack any sense of danger and are slacking.<br/><br/>
There’s most likely no one who would attack them.<br/><br/>
I thought the Heroes had attacked the Demon Lord Castle, but they apparently didn’t even reach the city near the castle.<br/><br/>
Will they even be able to win against the demon lord army like this…?<br/><br/>
While feeling uneasy about this…I wait for night to come.<br/><br/>
“Water Magic: [Mist].” (Makoto)<br/><br/>
The sun and the moon couldn’t be seen because of the Pitch Black Clouds.<br/><br/>
It is probably 3:00 a.m.<br/><br/>
I slowly approach the city of the demons while using Stealth.<br/><br/>
If Furiae-san were here, I could use the Sleep Curse.<br/><br/>
Well, can’t ask for what’s not here.<br/><br/>
We would get caught by the gatekeeper if we were to pass through the gate, so we go over the moat and the walls. <br/><br/>
I create a path in the air with water magic, and move by using Surface Walk.<br/><br/>
I have been holding the hand of Momo the whole time.<br/><br/>
Her face is stiffened from the tension.<br/><br/>
(I should have taught her the Calm Skill.) (Makoto)<br/><br/>
A point I should reflect on next time.<br/><br/>
While I was thinking that, we successfully infiltrated the city. <br/><br/>
At the center of the city, there’s the Demon Lord Castle that could be seen even through the mist. <br/><br/>
I heard that the execution of the Heroes will be at the front of the Demon Lord Castle. <br/><br/>
There’s magic street lights illuminating the streets of the demon city. <br/><br/>
Momo and I walked through the backstreets as much as possible.<br/><br/>
Detection showed way too many enemies, so I got scared and stopped using it.<br/><br/>
I relied only on the danger alert function as I aimed for the center of the city.<br/><br/>
Is this how it feels for a terrorist when they infiltrate an enemy camp?<br/><br/>
There were demons walking around, but I managed to deal with it with the thick mist and Stealth. We safely arrived at the place that seemed like the plaza.<br/><br/>
{Momo…are you okay?} (Makoto)<br/><br/>
{Y-Yes…I am scared though.} (Momo)<br/><br/>
We hid in the shadow of a building and spoke in a low volume as we checked the state of the plaza.<br/><br/>
Momo held my hand tightly, and I did the same.<br/><br/>
There’s around…10 monsters as lookouts.<br/><br/>
They are gargoyles.<br/><br/>
How problematic.<br/><br/>
I see a number of cages in the center of the plaza.<br/><br/>
I could see people inside of them.<br/><br/>
(What should I do…?) (Makoto)<br/><br/>
The gargoyles were sitting on the big pillars that are here and there at the plaza.<br/><br/>
They have a view of the whole plaza, and it looks hard to do a surprise attack on them.<br/><br/>
Hmm, I want to act carefully, but I don’t want to stay long.<br/><br/>
What should I do…?<br/><br/>
“[Eavesdrop].” (Makoto)<br/><br/>
The gargoyles were conversing, so I listened in.<br/><br/>
“Hey, the mist today is dense.” <br/><br/>
“Yeah, what a displeasing day. My body is getting all damp and it feels bad.” <br/><br/>
“Aah, I want to dry my body with an open-fire or something…” <br/><br/>
“Totally agree. Want to take a short break?” <br/><br/>
“But we will get scolded for that, you know?” <br/><br/>
“We are simply gonna be drying up on an open-fire for a short hour. It would clear our minds and it would allow us to concentrate more in our watch.” <br/><br/>
…Gargoyles are monsters with will.<br/><br/>
So they hate moisture, huh.<br/><br/>
“[Mist].” (Makoto)<br/><br/>
For now, I will do more of what my enemy hates.<br/><br/>
“Ugh! The mist got denser.” <br/><br/>
“I can’t take this anymore! I will take a break!” <br/><br/>
“Ah! That’s not fair! I want to go too!” <br/><br/>
“Oi! Leave someone at the very least!” <br/><br/>
“Then you stay, leader!” <br/><br/>
“Don’t joke around! I am your superior here!” <br/><br/>
The gargoyles left.<br/><br/>
It seems they left at least one, but if I take a wide turn, I could arrive at the cage without being noticed.<br/><br/>
The gargoyle that fell behind was mumbling complaints and not concentrating on his watch at all.<br/><br/>
They are neglecting their job to the extreme, but that’s fortunate for me.<br/><br/>
I move slowly through the dense mist with Stealth and approach the cage.<br/><br/>
Inside the cage there’s a man who was shackled in both arms and legs, and his body was tied up with chains. <br/><br/>
He looked like he was sleeping, but when I got close, he soon woke up.<br/><br/>
The man directed wary eyes at me.<br/><br/>
“You…are a human?” <br/><br/>
The man made a dubious expression.<br/><br/>
“I have come to save you.” (Makoto)<br/><br/>
“?!” <br/><br/>
I said this straight, and the man opened his eyes wide.<br/><br/>
“That would help a lot…but this cage is something that the confidant of the Demon Lord, Shuri, created with her darkness magic. It would be difficult to open—” <br/><br/>
I didn’t wait for him to finish speaking and take out the dagger of Noah from my waist.<br/><br/>
*Clink*<br/><br/>
The blade of the dagger made a short sound, and the bars were severed. <br/><br/>
“Huh?” <br/><br/>
I ignore the surprised man, enter the cage, and cut off the chains and shackles.<br/><br/>
I try to grab them so that they won’t make a sound, but it was so heavy I was on the verge of dropping them, but Momo supported me.<br/><br/>
“Are you okay, Makoto-sama?” (Momo)<br/><br/>
“You saved me there, Momo.” (Makoto)<br/><br/>
“N-No problem…” (Momo)<br/><br/>
Looks like Momo has more strength than me.<br/><br/>
This is sad.<br/><br/>
“You…just who in the world…” <br/><br/>
I say to the dumbfounded man.<br/><br/>
“My name’s Makoto. I have come under the oracle of Althena-sama and have come to save you Heroes. You are a Hero, right?” (Makoto)<br/><br/>
I asked.<br/><br/>
Hearing this, his face turned serious.<br/><br/>
“I am the Earth Hero, Volkh. Thanks, you saved me there. I have comrades in the other cages. Please save them too.” (Volkh)<br/><br/>
It wasn’t Abel.<br/><br/>
But there’s others.<br/><br/>
What about here?<br/><br/>
“Got it. Are your other comrades Heroes?” (Makoto)<br/><br/>
“Yeah, that’s right… The ones captured over there are the Wood Hero Julietta, and the Lightning Hero <br/>
Abel<br/>
.” <br/><br/>
“?!” <br/><br/>
I pumped my fist inside my mind.<br/><br/>
I have successfully made contact with Savior Abel.<br/><br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
 l <br/>
Next Chapter<br/><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 