[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c229](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/02/12/wm-chapter-229-takatsuki-makoto-meets-the-great-sage/)
<br/><br/>
n“Momo…” (Makoto)n<br/>
nI grab the arm of Momo.n<br/>
nThin arms.n<br/>
nI could also feel her cold body temperature.n<br/>
n“Y-You must not! Please let go of me, Makoto-sama!” (Momo)n<br/>
n“Makoto-san, it is dangerous! She is already the familiar of the Demon Lord!” (Abel)n<br/>
nMomo and Abel shout.n<br/>
n“It is…dangerous?” (Makoto)n<br/>
n“Yes. Right now I can move on my own will, but the voice of Bifrons-sama is always resonating in my head. If he were to give me the order to restrain Makoto-sama, I am sure I wouldn’t be able to go against it…” (Momo)n<br/>
n“Makoto-san…the vampire father and child have a strong String of Fate connecting them. The child cannot go against their parent. Momo who has turned into a vampire by Bifrons is already…” (Abel)n<br/>
nString of Fate…I have heard about that.n<br/>
nIf I remember correctly, it was from Furiae-san.n<br/>
nThat she could see the Strings of Fate as a user of destiny magic.n<br/>
nBifrons is using Strings of Fate to control vampires…?n<br/>
n“Momo, you are okay currently, right?” (Makoto)n<br/>
n“Yes… I can hear the voice of the Demon Lord-sama, but I can move my body freely. But I think I can’t go far away from the Demon Lord Castle.” (Momo)n<br/>
nI see.n<br/>
nThis is troubling.n<br/>
nWith this, I can’t run away together with Momo.n<br/>
nAt that moment, words floated in front of me.n<br/>
n[Will you abandon the Great Sage-sama Momo?]n<br/>
nYesn<br/>
nNo ←n<br/>
nA bad natured choice showed up.n<br/>
nIt must be asking me full well I will choose No, right?n<br/>
nBut what should I do?n<br/>
nWhat can I even do to something like a String of Fate?n<br/>
nIn the first place, I can’t see it…or can I?n<br/>
nI have the destiny magic Ira-sama gave me.n<br/>
nI am still a complete newbie, but could I use this?n<br/>
nI pondered for a bit, and used the Perspective Change of RPG Player to check Momo.n<br/>
nDestiny Magic: Elementary Rank.n<br/>
nI gather mana in my eyes and look at Momo.n<br/>
nI couldn’t see anything at first, but…I slowly managed to see string-like lines that were extending from Momo.n<br/>
nOh, looks like I can do it.n<br/>
nWithin all of those, there was one red string glowing ominously like blood.n<br/>
nIt must be this one…n<br/>
nThis is what’s tying down Momo.n<br/>
nBecause of this string, she can’t go against Bifrons.n<br/>
nIf I could cut this…n<br/>
nI take out the dagger of Noah-sama from its sheath.n<br/>
n“Makoto-san?!” (Abel)n<br/>
n“M-Makoto-sama?! What are you going to…?!” (Momo)n<br/>
nHero Abel and Momo raised their voices in surprise.n<br/>
nOf course they would react like that if I were to unsheathe my dagger all of a sudden.n<br/>
n“Momo, trust me. Can you stay still?” (Makoto)n<br/>
n“…Yes, I trust you.” (Momo)n<br/>
nWhen I asked this, Momo nodded as if she had resolved herself.n<br/>
n“Thanks.” (Makoto)n<br/>
nI wrap destiny magic mana around the dagger of Noah-sama.n<br/>
nAnd then…slowly cut the blood red string extending from Momo.n<br/>
n“Hau!” (Momo)n<br/>
nMomo quivered.n<br/>
n“Momo!” (Makoto)n<br/>
nI hurriedly catch her in my arms.n<br/>
n“…Haah…haaah…haaah…” (Momo)n<br/>
nI could hear the rough breathing of Momo from her small mouth.n<br/>
nI waited for her to calm down.n<br/>
n“Momo-chan, are you okay?!” (Abel)n<br/>
nAbel must have gotten worried too, he came running.n<br/>
n“M-Makoto-sama…” (Momo)n<br/>
n“Momo, can you still hear the voice of the Demon Lord?” (Makoto)n<br/>
n“Makoto-san, just what in the world did you…” (Abel)n<br/>
nMomo fixed her breathing, and she looked at me with her red eyes.n<br/>
n“nI can’tn! I don’t hear the voice of the Demon Lord-sama anymore. Also, the pressure that was tying my heart is gone too!” (Momo)n<br/>
n“?!” n<br/>
nAlright, it went well.n<br/>
nAs expected of the dagger of Noah-sama.n<br/>
nIt can cut nanythingn.n<br/>
n“What did you do just now, Makoto-san?” (Abel)n<br/>
n“I cut the String of Fate.” (Makoto)n<br/>
n“…Huh? No, there’s no way…” (Abel)n<br/>
n“Momo, are you free now?” (Makoto)n<br/>
n“Yes…it is completely different from just a moment ago. I have been freed from what was tying me. Makoto-sama…that’s amazing.” (Momo)n<br/>
nMomo grabbed my sleeve with spellbound eyes.n<br/>
nIt feels weird having her make that kind of face when she looks like the Great Sage-sama.n<br/>
n“Something like that…that’s…in the realm of Gods.” (Abel)n<br/>
nHero Abel was still absentminded.n<br/>
n“Really?” (Makoto)n<br/>
nWell, it is the sacred treasure of Noah-sama after all.n<br/>
nIt should be able to do at least that much.n<br/>
n“Then, Momo, Abel-san, let’s hurry and ru—” (Makoto)n<br/>
n“To think you would brazenly appear.” n<br/>
nA voice as if ridiculing us resonated and a squall of wind blew.n<br/>
nThe Mist that I made with water magic was cleared out.n<br/>
nAt the other side of the cleared up mist…there’s demons and monsters surrounding us, their eyes directly looking at us.n<br/>
nWe are surrounded from all directions.n<br/>
nA trap, as expected.n<br/>
nEven within the demons and monsters surrounding us, there’s a demon who pulls my attention.n<br/>
nA demon in his prime of life wearing red armor and helmet. n<br/>
nHe is more than 2 meters tall and the mana covering his body was stronger than any demon around.n<br/>
n“Impenetrable Demon Balam…” (Abel)n<br/>
nI heard Hero Abel gulping.n<br/>
nI have heard that name before.n<br/>
nMomo and the Earth Hero-san told me about it.n<br/>
nOne of the confidants of Demon Lord Bifrons.n<br/>
n“But the Earth and Wood Hero are not here, huh… The only one here is the Lightning Hero. The other one is…a weak human. A miss.” (Balam)n<br/>
nBalam brushed his beard while saying this unamused.n<br/>
n“The Demon Lord-sama told me to capture all Heroes aside from this so-called Light Hero. But cut off their legs so that they don’t run away again.” (Balam)n<br/>
n““Yes sir!””n<br/>
nThe subordinates of the demons responded to the order of Balam, and the monsters roared in response.n<br/>
n(‘So-called Light Hero’…huh.) (Makoto)n<br/>
nThe demon lord army isn’t aware that Abel is the Light Hero?n<br/>
nI glanced at the person at my side.n<br/>
nHero Abel is on guard of the surroundings with a nervous expression.n<br/>
nHe didn’t react to the words ‘Light Hero’.n<br/>
nThere’s a number of points that bother me, but we must overcome this first.n<br/>
nI pulled Momo closer by the shoulder in order to protect her.n<br/>
nMomo held my clothes tightly.n<br/>
nShe is trembling.n<br/>
nBut it is not from fear…it is a different emotion.n<br/>
nShe is glaring at the confidant with eyes of hatred.n<br/>
nIt is the first time I see those kinds of eyes from her.n<br/>
n“Momo…did he do something?” (Makoto)n<br/>
n“He is…the one who devoured my mother…” (Momo)n<br/>
n“?!” (Makoto)n<br/>
nWhen I met Momo, she told me that her mother died 3 days ago.n<br/>
nIt has already been several days after that, but it must be a fresh memory in Momo.n<br/>
nThe memory of her mother being killed.n<br/>
nI don’t know how that chagrin of being used by the killer of your mother could feel. n<br/>
n“Makoto-san, we are surrounded. There’s not that many. We should aim for one point to break through, and run away -before reinforcements come.” (Abel)n<br/>
nHero Abel whispers to me.n<br/>
nHearing this, Momo nodded hatefully.n<br/>
n“…Within the confidants of Bifrons, General Balam is the one with the most seniority. He is really strong…” (Momo)n<br/>
n“Right, we must not fight him. Let’s run.” (Abel)n<br/>
nAbel nodded at the words of Momo.n<br/>
nThe voices of the two were filled with tension and stiffness.n<br/>
n“Makoto-san?” (Abel)n<br/>
n“Makoto-sama?” (Momo)n<br/>
n“…”n<br/>
nI didn’t answer the call of Abel and Momo.n<br/>
nI look around.n<br/>
nThe hundreds of monsters and demons surrounding us.n<br/>
nThey all must have the Divine Protection of the Great Demon Lord, I could sense powerful mana from them.n<br/>
nThey must be monsters far stronger than the ones in my present. n<br/>
nIt is a despairing situation.n<br/>
nAnd yet…nmy heart was at peacen.n<br/>
nEven though I am in this kind of situation, the words that surfaced in my mind were ‘not even a match’.n<br/>
n …Is it because of my Skill?n<br/>
n(Clear Mind…undo.) (Makoto)n<br/>
nBut it didn’t change.n<br/>
nMy heart wasn’t shaking at all.n<br/>
nIt was completely calm.n<br/>
nThis must be that.n<br/>
nNoah-sama is not here with me now, so I can’t talk to her which is a shame, but if she were here, I am sure she would have told me…n<br/>
n‘Makoto! Kick the ass of these nsmall friesn already!’n<br/>
n“Right, Goddess-sama.” (Makoto)n<br/>
nWhen I muttered this, Hero Abel and Momo looked back.n<br/>
n“Momo, as an apology for being late in getting you, I will avenge you.” (Makoto)n<br/>
nPrevious Chaptern l nNext Chaptern n<br/>
n<br/>
n<br/>
n 