[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c231](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/02/15/wm-chapter-231-takatsuki-makoto-speaks-to-hero-abel/)
<br/><br/>
nSponsored Chaptern<br/>
n<br/>
n“…!!!!!!!!!!!” n<br/>
nThe unintelligible death cry of Balam echoed in my ears.n<br/>
nUwa, my condolences, my condolences.n<br/>
n…I have thought this before, but isn’t this technique too gory, Eir-sama?n<br/>
nI thought that maybe I could hear the voice of Eir-sama, but I couldn’t hear anything at all.n<br/>
nIs the sacrificial technique activating properly? n<br/>
nThe sight of the angels eating the demon was so grotesque that I was looking away… n<br/>
nI once again look at it.n<br/>
nThere’s already nothing left.n<br/>
n(Please rest in peace…) (Makoto)n<br/>
nI put both of my hands together which isn’t a practice of this world.n<br/>
n“Makoto-sama!” (Momo)n<br/>
nThe Great Sage-sama Momo hugged me.n<br/>
n“Momo, I have taken revenge for you.” (Makoto)n<br/>
n“That’s amazing! …Makoto-sama, I…I…” (Momo)n<br/>
nMomo hugged me tightly, but her strength after becoming a vampire is outstanding.n<br/>
nIt is getting a bit painful.n<br/>
n“Makoto-san! It is dangerous to stay too long! Let’s get away from here!” (Abel)n<br/>
nHero Abel calls me with a hurried voice.n<br/>
nTrue. Bifrons should be in the Castle, and if someone like Setekh were to find us, it would be the end.n<br/>
nWe would be petrified in an instant and wiped out.n<br/>
nI create Mist with water magic again, and use Stealth to leave the place.n<br/>
nWe were found by pursuers a number of times, but I fought them off with Spirit Magic.n<br/>
nWe once again succeeded in escaping from the Demon Lord territory, the human farm.n<br/>
n◇Hero Abel POV◇n<br/>
nIt has been a whole day since then. n<br/>
nWe continued running away.n<br/>
nIt was different from before.n<br/>
nIt is the fact that Momo-chan is a vampire.n<br/>
nIt seems like the physical ability of Momo-chan has increased greatly now that she has become a monster, and we could move for longer periods of time.n<br/>
n“W-Wait…let’s take a break…” (Makoto)n<br/>
nThe one who runs out of energy is Makoto-san.n<br/>
nEven though he is so strong that he can easily defeat a Demon Lord confidant… That’s unexpected.n<br/>
nWe walked for a while, and rested at a cave that seemed like we could hide in.n<br/>
nMakoto-san immediately laid down, and Momo-chan was keeping watch.n<br/>
nI was drawing water nearby, and got a number of fishes.n<br/>
n“Please let me cook!” (Momo)n<br/>
nMomo-chan offered herself to cook.n<br/>
nI thought it would be with the campfire, but she heated up stones with fire magic and was cooking the fish on top of it.n<br/>
nI see…there’s less smoke being made compared to a campfire.n<br/>
nThat’s a good method.n<br/>
nThe nice scent of cooking fish wafted around.n<br/>
nI sprinkle salt on the fish with the salt I had.n<br/>
n“It is done. Makoto-sama, please wake up.” (Momo)n<br/>
n“Thanks, Momo-chan.” (Abel)n<br/>
n“Good morning…Momo, Abel-san.” (Makoto)n<br/>
nMakoto-san and I munched on the greasy grilled fish.n<br/>
nTasty… n<br/>
nWhile I enjoyed the taste of this, I once again felt the sensation of having survived.n<br/>
nDefeating Balam is just… n<br/>
nI looked at Makoto-san and noticed the state of Momo-chan by his side.n<br/>
n“Momo-chan, are you not going to eat?” (Abel)n<br/>
nThis girl isn’t eating the food she herself made at all.n<br/>
n“Uhm…I…am not hungry right now, so…” (Momo)n<br/>
nMomo-chan answered weakly with a pale face.n<br/>
nThere’s no way she isn’t hungry after moving that much though…n<br/>
n“Aah, so that’s what it is.” (Makoto)n<br/>
nMakoto-san seems to have noticed something immediately after seeing the state of Momo-chan.n<br/>
n“Momo, it is okay to drink my blood.” (Makoto)n<br/>
n““?!””n<br/>
nI-I see!n<br/>
nMomo-chan is a vampire.n<br/>
nThat’s why she needs blood as her food.n<br/>
n“M-Makoto-sama! That’s not it! I…!” (Momo)n<br/>
nMomo-chan had a pale white face as she shook her head vigorously to the sides.n<br/>
nVampires must drink blood.n<br/>
nNo, demons are that kind of existence.n<br/>
nFor the demons and monsters of the demon lord army, humans are food.n<br/>
nThat’s why demons and humans can’t coexist.n<br/>
n“I don’t drink blood! I won’t! Please don’t throw me away…” (Momo)n<br/>
nThe sight of Momo-chan desperately denying it on the verge of tears made it hard for me.n<br/>
nI didn’t notice.n<br/>
nThis girl was worrying and suffering this much.n<br/>
nBut Makoto-san doesn’t seem to mind it at all.n<br/>
n“It is okay. Drink already.” (Makoto)n<br/>
nMakoto-san held Momo-chan and brought her mouth to his neck.n<br/>
nWa?! Makoto-san is more forceful than he looks?! n<br/>
n“Hah! Makoto-sama?! Uhm…are you not going to dislike me despite me drinking blood…?” (Momo)n<br/>
n“I don’t mind it. You will collapse if you don’t drink, you know?” (Makoto)n<br/>
n“Y-Yes…then, excuse me.” (Momo)n<br/>
nMomo-chan hesitantly got on Makoto-san and wrapped her arms around his neck.n<br/>
nHer small mouth touched Makoto’s neck, and he let out a moan of ‘kuh!’ in slight pain.n<br/>
nMomo-chan hugged his body tightly, and the sounds of gulping resonated.n<br/>
nThat continued for a while and Momo-chan went ‘haah’ along with a sigh.n<br/>
nHer complexion got better, pink returned to her cheeks, and she looked like she was in a trance.n<br/>
n“Makoto-sama…” (Momo)n<br/>
nMomo-chan was still on Makoto-san with an absentminded face.n<br/>
nHer lips were dyed bright red from blood, and a bewitching charm could be seen from her young face.n<br/>
nAnd then, her mouth slowly approached Makoto-san’s and…wait, eh?! n<br/>
n*Pechi!*n<br/>
nAnd a dull sound was made.n<br/>
n“Ouch!” (Momo)n<br/>
nMakoto-san lightly hit the forehead of Momo-chan.n<br/>
nMomo-chan made a face as if going ‘ah!’ and her face turned bright red.n<br/>
n“I-I…just what did I try to do?!” (Momo)n<br/>
n“Aah, no, sorry, Momo. I had my Charm on the whole time.” (Makoto)n<br/>
n““Eh?””n<br/>
nThe words of Makoto-san made Momo-chan and I raise our voices in surprise.n<br/>
n“It is required in Spirit Magic. I have stopped it already, so it is okay.” (Makoto)n<br/>
n“I see…” (Momo)n<br/>
n“I have rested, so you rest next, Momo. Once we rest for a bit, we will move again.” (Makoto)n<br/>
n“Y-Yes… Uhm, Makoto-sama, I am a vampire though… Is it really okay for me to accompany you?” (Momo)n<br/>
n“Yeah, I don’t mind.” (Makoto)n<br/>
nAt that moment, Makoto-san looked at me.n<br/>
n“I-I’m okay with that too. If Makoto-san is okay with it!” (Abel)n<br/>
nI am actually a bit scared of Momo-chan who has become a vampire, but I couldn’t say no.n<br/>
n“…I am so glad. Despite me turning like this…” (Momo)n<br/>
nMomo-chan soon fell asleep while speaking in a fading voice as if relieved.n<br/>
nShe must have actually wanted to rest.n<br/>
nEven if her physical ability has increased, she is still a child.n<br/>
nWithout even noticing that, I…n<br/>
nMakoto-san was brushing the pure white hair of Momo-chan.n<br/>
nHow can he be this calm? n<br/>
n“Abel-san, is it okay for you to not rest?” (Makoto)n<br/>
nMakoto-san took me into consideration as well.n<br/>
n“I am okay.” (Abel)n<br/>
n“Is that so.” (Makoto)n<br/>
nThe reality is that I haven’t done anything.n<br/>
nI thought that maybe there would be something I could help out with, but I couldn’t do anything in the end…n<br/>
n““…””n<br/>
nWe turned silent.n<br/>
nWhen there’s nothing to do, Makoto-san would make creatures with his water magic.n<br/>
nA school of small glittery fishes passed by in front of me.n<br/>
n…Wow.n<br/>
nEach and every small fish is made with unbelievable delicate details. n<br/>
nThe scales shone, fins would wave, and their eyes moved.n<br/>
nJust how much concentration does one need to make such detailed magic? n<br/>
nI look at his face.n<br/>
nMakoto-san wasn’t looking at his magic at all, and was watching Momo-chan’s face like a brother to his little sister.n<br/>
nNo good. I can’t match him at all.n<br/>
nThis person really is amazing.n<br/>
nHonestly speaking, I thought it would be impossible to save the kidnapped Momo-chan.n<br/>
nThat Makoto-san was doing something reckless.n<br/>
nBut looking at everything now that it is done, he saved Momo-chan as if it were natural, and even defeated a confidant of the Demon Lord.n<br/>
nAs if he were the very definition of a hero.n<br/>
nMy master told me ‘become like that’; the ideal hero.n<br/>
n“Makoto-san…you really are amazing.” (Abel)n<br/>
n“Abel-san?” (Makoto)n<br/>
nBy the time I noticed, I had said that out loud.n<br/>
n“I am a useless Hero. Even though I received the Lightning Hero Skill from the Sun Goddess-sama, I can’t master it… I am the weakest Hero within the Heroes of Laberintos where we are heading to. My master who looked after me died protecting me from the Demon Lord Cain…” (Abel)n<br/>
nTears were flowing from my eyes.n<br/>
nI’m so pathetic…n<br/>
n“There’s no point for me to survive… My master…the Fire Hero should have been the one to survive…” (Abel)n<br/>
nCompared to the commendable actions of Makoto-san, my own weakness was revolting.n<br/>
nThe only thing coming out from my mouth were complaints.n<br/>
nMakoto-san didn’t say anything.n<br/>
nWhen I raised my gaze, he was staring at me.n<br/>
nIs he disappointed that I have said some pathetic things that are unfit of a Hero…?n<br/>
nI don’t know what he is thinking from that dumbfounded face of his, but if I had to describe it, it looked like a face of wonder.n<br/>
nI got embarrassed.n<br/>
n“I said something weird, Makoto-san. I’m sorry. Please make a party with the Earth Hero Volkh-san and Wood Hero Julietta-san at Laberintos. I am honestly not fit to be a Hero. I am sure I will only be deadweight…” (Abel)n<br/>
n“Abel-san, that’s not true.” (Makoto)n<br/>
nMakoto-san must have been trying to encourage me, but it didn’t resonate with me.n<br/>
n“It is okay. It is completely impossible for me to fight a Demon Lo—” (Abel)n<br/>
n“Abel-san, I will tell you in detail about my oracle.” (Makoto)n<br/>
nMakoto-san cut off my words.n<br/>
nIs it about the oracle of Althena-sama?n<br/>
nHe told me about it before, so I still remember it.n<br/>
n“It is about saving Heroes…right? That’s why you risked your life to save the Earth Hero Volkh-san and the Wood Hero Julietta-san.” (Abel)n<br/>
n“Wrong.” (Makoto)n<br/>
nMakoto-san shook his head to the sides.n<br/>
nThat’s not it…?n<br/>
nThen what?n<br/>
n“nSave Hero Abeln.” (Makoto)n<br/>
n“Eh?” (Abel)n<br/>
nI couldn’t understand the words of Makoto-san.n<br/>
nWhat did he say just now?n<br/>
n“The oracle of Althena-sama was ‘Save Hero Abel’. That’s why I came to save Abel-san.” (Makoto)n<br/>
nHe looked straight at me, and my head blanked out completely.n<br/>
n<br/>
n<br/>
n<br/>
n 