[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c233](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/02/18/wm-chapter-233-takatsuki-makoto-meets-johnny/)
<br/><br/>
Sponsored Chapter<br/>
Johnny Walker. <br/>
He is the great grandfather of Lucy, and the grandfather of Rosalie-san.<br/>
When putting it like that, he sounds like a close person, but in the Legend of Hero Abel, there’s not much information about him.<br/>
It wasn’t written when he became his comrade.<br/>
He suddenly appeared around the middle part of the picture book.<br/>
That’s why I didn’t think I would meet him this soon.<br/>
(Well, this in itself is convenient…) (Makoto)<br/>
The ones who will defeat the Great Demon Lord are the Light Hero Abel, the Holy Maiden Anna, the Great Sage, the Magic Archer Johnny.<br/>
That’s the history that I was told numerous times in the Water Temple.<br/>
Johnny Walker is without doubt one of the most important people.<br/>
I have managed to confirm his safety.<br/>
Hero Abel and the Great Sage-sama have become comrades already.<br/>
What’s left is the Holy Maiden Anna.<br/>
(This is quite the problem…) (Makoto)<br/>
Some stories say that Hero Abel and the Holy Maiden Anna were born in the same village and were <br/>
childhood friends<br/>
.<br/>
In other words, it would be strange for them to not be together already.<br/>
But as of now, the name of the Holy Maiden Anna hasn’t come out from the mouth of Volkh-san, Julietta-san, or Hero Abel.<br/>
(Could it be that she died just like the Fire Hero-san…?) (Makoto)<br/>
No no, I’m being too hasty here.<br/>
Hero Abel being captured at the Demon Lord Castle didn’t show in the picture book, so it should be better to assume that history is already being changed.<br/>
I am sure the Holy Maiden Anna is doing well somewhere…I want to believe that’s the case.<br/>
I would like to casually get the information out from someone like Julietta-san…<br/>
If I use the information of the future too much, my identity will be suspected.<br/>
It is fine if I am just suspected, but if I were to explain it as ‘I came from 1,000 years in the future’, they would think I am crazy.<br/>
And so, I will leave the matter of the Holy Maiden Anna for later.<br/>
More importantly, Johnny Walker comes first.<br/>
The legendary magic archer.<br/>
But he seems to have a sword hanging around his waist.<br/>
I don’t see a bow.<br/>
He is surrounded by a lot of people and is eating.<br/>
He is an influential person of this city, and it is one of the ‘true comrades’ of the Great Demon Lord subjugation.<br/>
It would be better to know him.<br/>
Should I greet him?<br/>
“I will be going for a bit.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh? Makoto-sama?” (Momo)<br/>
“Makoto-dono, where are you going?” (Volkh)<br/>
When I stand up, Momo and Volkh-san ask me.<br/>
“I will greet Johnny-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eeh~, you have weird taste, Makoto-kun. That guy isn’t courteous -especially to men.” (Julietta)<br/>
“Rea…lly?” (Makoto)<br/>
But they did say he is a womanizer, so it does sound plausible.<br/>
Nothing will begin if I don’t talk to him though.<br/>
I slowly approach the big table Johnny is eating at.<br/>
There’s a lot of women around him.<br/>
Beautiful elves, cat eared and bunny eared cute beastkin girls were surrounding him and pouring him alcohol. <br/>
They are all talking loudly, exchanging drinks, and having fun.<br/>
It kinda…reminds me of the group of Sakurai-kun in middle school.<br/>
Eh? <br/>
Didn’t I live my life avoiding those types of people?<br/>
While at it, even though Johnny is in the middle of that noisy group, he is drinking alcohol as if he is terribly bored.<br/>
I can understand why they call him unfriendly.<br/>
You would need courage to talk to him within that group…<br/>
A while after hesitating, someone slapped my shoulder.<br/>
“Oi, Brother, I heard you are the one who saved Volkh and Julietta?” <br/>
When I turned around, there was an old man with a thick beard.<br/>
Judging from physical traits, I think he is a dwarf.<br/>
His face is packed with personality, but the aura clad around his body also gives out a thick presence.<br/>
I can tell that he is a seasoned warrior.<br/>
“My name is Makoto. Nice to meet you.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I am the Iron Hero, Deckel. Looking forward to working with you.” (Deckel)<br/>
Ooh! <br/>
The Iron Hero! <br/>
The leader of the other faction I heard of, huh.<br/>
He looks really strong, and the mana covering his body is dense. He doesn’t look like the type of Hero that would give up the subjugation of Demon Lords…<br/>
“Y-Yeah, same here.” (Makoto)<br/>
I shook the hand he stretched out.<br/>
“Volkh praised you to high heavens, but you don’t look strong at all! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!” (Deckel)<br/>
“I see…” (Makoto)<br/>
I was laughed at.<br/>
Well, I am used to being seen as weak, so that’s fine though.<br/>
“Hey, please stop Volkh and Julietta. They are saying they want to challenge the Demon Lord one more time. Honestly speaking, even the Fire Hero Olga that was so strong wasn’t a match. Defeating a Demon Lord is just delusional.” (Deckel)<br/>
“Uhm…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Also, I have a daughter that’s about to turn 7 years old. I have to stay alive until she gets big! We should stop the reckless battles! Don’t you think the same?” (Deckel)<br/>
“Your daughter…” (Makoto)<br/>
I see.<br/>
Him not challenging the Demon Lords, him giving up on defeating the Demon Lords, is not because he doesn’t have the courage…<br/>
There’s cases where one has a family, and they have something to protect.<br/>
“You have a young little sister with you too, don’t you, Brother?” (Deckel)<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
Little sister?<br/>
I have no siblings.<br/>
I am an only child.<br/>
“Makoto-sama?” (Momo)<br/>
“You have a cute little sister like this.” (Deckel)<br/>
Momo came, maybe because we were getting noisy.<br/>
Aah, so he thought Momo was my little sister.<br/>
We don’t look alike at all though.<br/>
Also, I wouldn’t have my sister call me with ‘-sama’.<br/>
“Hey, Deckel, don’t put weird stuff in the head of Makoto-kun. We are going to challenge the Demon Lords on our own will!” (Julietta)<br/>
Even Julietta-san came.<br/>
“You say that, but it was dangerous this time around, right? You should stop.” (Deckel)<br/>
“Don’t wanna! If Heroes were to give up, that’s when the world really is done for!” (Julietta)<br/>
“Oi oi, Deckel, Julietta, calm down.” (Volkh)<br/>
Volkh-san calms the two who were arguing.<br/>
Hero Abel is not participating in this and simply watching.<br/>
“Hey, you are going to give up on defeating the Demon Lords, right?” (Deckel)<br/>
“You are going to be fighting the Demon Lords, right, Makoto-kun?!” (Julietta)<br/>
Deckel-san and Julietta-san were pushing on on me.<br/>
Words floated in front of me.<br/>
[<br/>
Which side will you take?<br/>
]<br/>
-Iron Hero<br/>
-Wood Hero<br/>
Choices.<br/>
But I tilted my head.<br/>
Defeat the Demon Lords? Don’t defeat them?<br/>
No no no, that’s not it right, RPG Player-san? <br/>
My answer is…<br/>
“I will defeat the Demon Lords, and then defeat the Great Demon Lord, you know?” (Makoto)<br/>
That should be the right choice.<br/>
We have the Savior Abel with us after all.<br/>
But the moment I said that, the two had shocked faces.<br/>
The conversations around stopped.<br/>
Everyone in the dining hall looked over here.<br/>
“No no, Brother, no matter how you slice it, that’s…” (Deckel)<br/>
“Y-Yeah… The Great Demon Lord is the God of the demons, you know? That’s just…” (Julietta)<br/>
Eh?<br/>
Are there no people who would say they want to defeat the Great Demon Lord?<br/>
Looks like my answer wasn’t the right one.<br/>
“Ooh, human Hero-sans, I don’t mind you guys getting heated up on your own, but this is the city of us demi-humans. I will have people who cause trouble leave, got it?” <br/>
A number of beastkin men heard our conversation and came our way.<br/>
People that were at the table of Johnny-san.<br/>
“Don’t think something as stupid as fighting the Demon Lords. Humans are weak after all.” <br/>
“In the first place, before speaking about the Great Demon Lord and the Demon Lords, you haven’t even defeated their generals.” <br/>
“How about speaking nonsense after freeing the people of the human farm?” <br/>
The other beastkin that were around Johnny-san also came.<br/>
Judging from the aura around their bodies, they are all quite the strong ones.<br/>
Deckel-san and Julietta-san were making awkward expressions.<br/>
Looks like the standing of the Heroes is low…<br/>
At that moment, someone came to the front.<br/>
“Makoto-san has defeated one of the generals of a Demon Lord. The Impenetrable Demon Balam!” (Abel)<br/>
“That’s right! Makoto-sama is super strong!” (Momo)<br/>
Hero Abel and Momo.<br/>
“““Eh?”””<br/>
Every one of the Heroes made surprised expressions beginning with Volkh-san.<br/>
Wait, I didn’t want you to say that! <br/>
I don’t want to spread my name in this era.<br/>
…I should have them keep their mouths shut next time.<br/>
“You…defeated the Impenetrable Demon Balam…?” <br/>
“Well, yeah…” (Makoto)<br/>
One of the beastkin asked, and I answered reluctantly. <br/>
“I can’t believe that!” <br/>
“Is this skinny dude really that strong?” <br/>
“The Impenetrable Demon Balam was one of the oldest generals of the Demon Lords.” <br/>
“Okay, then I will test his mettle. I who is said to be the right arm of Johnny-sama!” <br/>
I feel like this is going to turn troublesome.<br/>
“Wait wait, you must not. Makoto-kun is tired from the long journey.” (Julietta)<br/>
“He is the powerful warrior that defeated a Demon Lord General, right? This is just some light workout.” <br/>
Julietta-san tried to stop it, but the beastkin were burning.<br/>
This reminds me of that time with Geralt-san.<br/>
Or more like, this beastkin-san seems really strong judging from his aura.<br/>
‘Can I avoid this encounter somehow?’, is what I was thinking when…<br/>
“E-Enemy attaaaack!!” <br/>
The lookout ran in with a pale white face.<br/>
“E-Enemy attack! Enemy attack! Everyone, run away!!” <br/>
Everyone in the dungeon city stirred up at this.<br/>
The Earth Hero-san and the Wood Hero-san’s expressions changed.<br/>
Same for the beastkin people and the Iron Hero-san.<br/>
Everyone is putting their hands on their weapons.<br/>
“Well, don’t panic. We have the patriarch right now.” <br/>
“What came? A dragon? Demons?” <br/>
“Don’t make that pathetic face. Johnny-sama is here after all…”<br/>
The elves and the beastkin must trust Johnny-san a lot. They were slightly calm.<br/>
But the next words made them change the color of their faces.<br/>
“D-Demon Lord! The Demon Lord Cain has come!!” <br/>
Screams echoed in the dungeon city.<br/>
 