[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c235](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/02/22/wm-chapter-235-takatsuki-makoto-fights-a-demon-lord/)
<br/><br/>
Outside of Laberintos, there’s Heroes covered in blood, and warriors collapsed.<br/>
The fighters that are still standing have mostly lost their fighting spirit in front of Demon Lord Cain.<br/>
The only ones facing Demon Lord Cain are me and Johnny.<br/>
“Your name?” (Johnny)<br/>
“Makoto.” <br/>
I give a short answer to Johnny-san.<br/>
“Johnny.” <br/>
“Yes.” (Makoto)<br/>
I know.<br/>
“…[Wind Arrow].” (Johnny)<br/>
The moment Johnny-san said this with a low voice, several hundred wind arrows appeared.<br/>
That spell was formed not by the mana of Johnny-san himself but from the mana in the surroundings.<br/>
Wind Spirit Magic.<br/>
Can’t go losing here.<br/>
“XXXX… XXXXX (Undine…I’m counting on you)” (Makoto)<br/>
“XXXXXX (Yes, Our King).” (Undine)<br/>
…Several hundreds of water dragons appeared around Demon Lord Cain.<br/>
The Demon Lord isn’t even paying it any heed though.<br/>
I hold the right hand of Undine and synchronize.<br/>
“Water Magic: [Deep Sea].” (Makoto)<br/>
Giant water walls were made around as if enveloping Demon Lord Cain and protecting everyone around.<br/>
This is the only way to go against Cain.<br/>
Noah-sama said this.<br/>
No attack and magic works on the armor of Demon Lord Cain.<br/>
And the sword of Cain cuts down everything.<br/>
That’s why it is pointless to attack the Demon Lord directly. <br/>
The only method to take is to target his surroundings.<br/>
Transform the terrain and environment to our advantage.<br/>
By using the water dragons and the giant water walls, it is as if an ocean had appeared.<br/>
…A giant mass of water surrounds the Demon Lord.<br/>
This is a huge waste of mana, but with Undine here, that’s all resolved.<br/>
I could see Abel and Momo with their mouths wide open from afar.<br/>
Hero Abel’s wound doesn’t seem to be that big of a deal.<br/>
That’s one worry less.<br/>
“Assemble, Fire Spirits…” (Cain)<br/>
When Cain muttered this, his two-handed sword was covered in raging fire.<br/>
A Fire Spirit User huh…<br/>
Cain rocked the tip of his blade, and lunged here in an instant.<br/>
“[Wind Arrow].” (Johnny)<br/>
“[Water Dragon].” (Makoto)<br/>
The magic of both of us hit Cain.<br/>
But the spells were all blocked by his armor.<br/>
Even so, it dropped his speed a bit.<br/>
“[Frozen Barrier].” (Makoto)<br/>
I place even more barriers.<br/>
The Demon Lord waved that away as if it were annoying.<br/>
Hmm, it is not working at all…<br/>
I knew that though.<br/>
“[Ice Meteor].” (Makoto)<br/>
I make giant ice chunks just like the Meteor of Lucy, and drop them one after the other.<br/>
It isn’t damaging him, but it is serving to slow him down.<br/>
“Wood Magic: [Restraining Ivy].” (Johnny)<br/>
Johnny-san activated a wood spell and it wrapped around the body of the Demon Lord.<br/>
But he cuts it off.<br/>
“Earth Magic: [Stone Arrow].” (Johnny)<br/>
Several hundred stone arrows rained down on the Demon Lord.<br/>
This guy is so talented.<br/>
“[Water Cage].” (Makoto)<br/>
I wondered if I could imprison Cain, but he immediately cut my prison magic with his two-handed sword.<br/>
That sword is made from the same material as my dagger.<br/>
In that case, there’s nothing it can’t cut.<br/>
So troublesome.<br/>
“Makoto, is there any attack method that could work against him?” (Johnny)<br/>
Johnny-san asked me as he floated in the air with wind cladding.<br/>
“No attacks work on him. Let’s take distance just like this as we fight.” (Makoto)<br/>
When I say this, Johnny-san frowned dubiously. <br/>
“But at this rate, there won’t be an end. I thought you had some plan…” (Johnny)<br/>
“This is the best plan. Our attacks don’t work, and even when we get close to him, he cuts us with that sword.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I see…” (Johnny)<br/>
Johnny-san looked slightly disappointed, but he didn’t say anything back.<br/>
I see, because I looked so confident, he must have thought that I had some sort of trump card.<br/>
I felt a bit bad, as I remembered the conversation of Noah-sama.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“And so, in the case when the Light Hero is not your comrade yet, what should I do to clear the Demon Lord Cain hurdle, Noah-sama?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Fufu, about that…” (Noah)<br/>
Noah-sama answered my question with a smile.<br/>
“<br/>
Solely<br/>
 <br/>
buy time<br/>
 without getting close to that child. They get bored easily, so when they think they can’t defeat you, I think they will leave.” (Noah)<br/>
“…Can you even call that winning?” (Makoto)<br/>
That was more of a bulldozing method than I thought.<br/>
“Also…attacking them while asleep? I think they take off their armor when sleeping.” (Noah)<br/>
“…Enough info.” (Makoto)<br/>
I will just pray I don’t meet Demon Lord Cain.<br/>
“Hey, Noah, can’t you give the same equipment to Makoto as you did Demon Lord Cain?” (Althena)<br/>
Althena-sama gave a good idea.<br/>
Sounds nice! <br/>
“Hmm, I have used all the metal I had with the dagger I gave to Makoto. That’s why it is impossible. Also, with the strength of Makoto, he won’t be able to equip it anyway.” (Noah)<br/>
“Aah…that’s true.” (Makoto)<br/>
A Hero that can’t carry anything heavier than a dagger.<br/>
That’s me.<br/>
Althena-sama held her head.<br/>
“Takatsuki Makoto, be careful not to meet Demon Lord Cain…” (Althena)<br/>
“O-Okay…” (Makoto)<br/>
To think Althena-sama would tell me this so persistently… Just what kind of fearsome guy is he? <br/>
I was honestly interested at that moment.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
And so, back in the present…? Past?<br/>
Our Saint and Monarch Rank Spells were not working at all.<br/>
The greatsword that can cut all creation.<br/>
(Damn overpowered bastard…) (Makoto)<br/>
So overpowered it made me think ‘Wouldn’t it be fine for you to be the Great Demon Lord?’.<br/>
Is Iblis even more outrageous of a guy? <br/>
What should I do if it is an outrageous guy like the Sun Hero Alexander? <br/>
I can’t win against that.<br/>
Cain was charging straight at us like a boar.<br/>
He won’t be getting damaged by any attack anyways, so that must be the most efficient method.<br/>
“Great Water Spirit Undine!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Wind Magic: [Kamaitachi]!” (Johnny)<br/>
I synchronized with Undine and used Frozen Barrier to hinder the Demon Lord.<br/>
Johnny-san rained wind blades at him.<br/>
The result was that the attack of Cain was cut off.<br/>
He clicked his tongue.<br/>
It seems like he is annoyed that his attacks aren’t hitting.<br/>
Can you leave already…?<br/>
“Wind Spirits…” (Cain)<br/>
The Demon Lord muttered lowly. <br/>
A cloud of sand danced from the wind.<br/>
Demon Lord Cain went out of sight.<br/>
W-What a crafty move!<br/>
“Undine!” (Makoto)<br/>
I ready for an attack by creating several tens of barriers.<br/>
But the aim of the Demon Lord wasn’t me.<br/>
He was approaching Johnny-san in a blur.<br/>
He is faster than before?! <br/>
This is the Demon Lord when serious! <br/>
“Die, heretics.” (Cain)<br/>
Cain brought down his burning sword at Johnny-san from the very front.<br/>
He won’t be able to avoid that! <br/>
The red and black shadows clash.<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
I imagined Johnny-san being split in half, but the result was the elf swordsman easily deflecting the attack of the Demon Lord.<br/>
He deflected the sacred treasure attack with a single katana?<br/>
Johnny-san was an unbelievable master of the blade.<br/>
“That was close.” (Johnny)<br/>
Johnny-san was in a stance with his katana as he said this.<br/>
Wow…<br/>
If he had received that with the blade, there’s no doubt the katana would have been cut down.<br/>
Cain must have felt the same.<br/>
He changed his attack target to me.<br/>
He directs killing intent at me.<br/>
“Water Spirit Clad.” (Makoto)<br/>
I clad the dagger of Noah-sama with the mana of a Water Spirit.<br/>
I swing that horizontally. <br/>
A giant water wave swallowed Cain.<br/>
But there wasn’t a single scratch in his armor. <br/>
Instead, the slash that was shot by the dagger opened up the clouds, and the light of the sun peeked down.<br/>
Demon Lord Cain rushed at raging speed.<br/>
“Hahahahahahahaha!” (Cain)<br/>
The distance between Cain and me was a few steps away from being in the range of his sword.<br/>
This is not good.<br/>
“[Spirit Arm].” (Makoto)<br/>
The moment I tried to transform my arm into a Spirit…<br/>
“Uwaaaaa!” <br/>
There was a person who was trying to jump at Demon Lord Cain from his back.<br/>
The sword he swung was shining like a <br/>
rainbow<br/>
. <br/>
That’s…Hero Abel?<br/>
Cain noticed the attack coming from the back, and showed hesitation on whether to attack me or not.<br/>
And then, he decided to take down the Hero first.<br/>
He turned back and tried to counter Hero Abel’s attack.<br/>
(T-This is bad!) (Makoto)<br/>
Hero Abel is going to be killed! <br/>
Johnny-san and I shot spells to save Hero Abel…<br/>
“Wa?!” <br/>
““““““?!”””””<br/>
The surprised voice came from Cain, but the shock from the surroundings was bigger.<br/>
The sword of Hero Abel had <br/>
cut away<br/>
 the helmet of Cain.<br/>
It is the armor that negates all attacks, you know?! <br/>
The black helmet rolls on the ground.<br/>
Blood flowed down from the Demon Lord’s head, but the next instant, a bright light surged and his wound disappeared.<br/>
The sacred treasure armor Noah-sama made apparently has the ability to immediately heal the wounds of the user.<br/>
Isn’t that unfair, Noah-sama?<br/>
The uncovered face of the Demon Lord was darkish and his eyes were purple.<br/>
It was a man with fearsome beauty. <br/>
However, that handsome face was warped in hatred right now.<br/>
“You bastard… How dare you do that to the sacred treasure Noah-sama had given to me…” (Cain)<br/>
“[Wind Arrow].” (Johnny)<br/>
“[Ice Lance].” (Makoto)<br/>
The more than thousand spells that Johnny-san and I shot were concentrated on the <br/>
head<br/>
 of Cain.<br/>
Alright, that guy has exposed his weak point! <br/>
“Tch!” (Cain)<br/>
He must have noticed the disadvantage he is in. Cain grabbed his black helmet and jumped into the sky.<br/>
Ah! He picked it up! <br/>
“Just you wait! Next time, I will offer those souls to Noah-sama!” (Cain)<br/>
Cain left as he said this.<br/>
(We survived that…) (Makoto)<br/>
That was close.<br/>
I felt like I was gonna die several times there.<br/>
I collapsed right there and then.<br/>
“XXXXXXX (Uhm, Our King…?)” (Undine)<br/>
“X,XXXX, XXXXXXX. XXXX. XXXXX. (Ah, sorry, Great Water Spirit. You saved me there. Thanks)” (Makoto)<br/>
“XXX! (Yes!)” (Undine)<br/>
The Great Water Spirit said this with a smile on her face and disappeared.<br/>
Her emotions have gotten pretty rich compared to the first time I met her.<br/>
In the first place, I don’t know if the Great Water Spirit of the future is the same as this one.<br/>
Also, I still don’t know the full picture of her calling me ‘Our King’.<br/>
Gotta clean up the large amounts of water walls and water dragons I made…<br/>
While I was cleaning up the remains of my water magic…someone approached me.<br/>
Johnny-san maybe?…is what I thought, but it wasn’t.<br/>
“M-Makoto-san…” (Abel)<br/>
“Abel-san, you saved us there.” (Makoto)<br/>
The one who came here with unsteady steps was Hero Abel who had cut Demon Lord Cain just now.<br/>
That was impressive.<br/>
“…Makoto-san, I will cast healing magic on you.” (Abel)<br/>
“I am not wounded anywhere though?” (Makoto)<br/>
“You must not! What if there really is something?!” (Abel)<br/>
He ignored what I said and casted healing magic on me.<br/>
It was on the level of scratches, but there really is no place that hurts…<br/>
More importantly, there’s something I have to ask Hero Abel.<br/>
“Abel-san, the technique you used to cut the Demon Lord Cain was impressive. What was the<br/>
 name<br/>
 of that sword magic?” (Makoto)<br/>
That’s without doubt a technique of the Light Hero.<br/>
“About that…I was too absorbed in the moment that not even I… But the small opening Makoto-san cut in the skies had the light of the sun peek out, and I felt like my body was overflowing with power…” (Abel)<br/>
“Is that so…” (Makoto)<br/>
I see! <br/>
The Pitch Black Clouds are covering the mortal realm all the time.<br/>
The light of the sun is being blocked.<br/>
(So it was that simple…?) (Makoto)<br/>
The moment I showed a relieved expression, Hero Abel’s expression crumbled.<br/>
“That’s a relief… I thought a benefactor of mine would be dying in front of me in the hands of Demon Lord Cain again… That I wouldn’t be able to do anything other than watch… I am truly glad that you are okay, Makoto-san…” (Abel)<br/>
Hero Abel grabbed my shoulders and his voice trembled.<br/>
I couldn’t see his face, but he might be crying.<br/>
“Makoto-sama!” (Momo)<br/>
“Momo.” (Makoto)<br/>
Momo ran her way here.<br/>
“Are you okay?! Are you hurt anywhere?!” (Momo)<br/>
“No, Abel-san was simply casting healing magic on me just in case. I am not wounded anywhere.” (Makoto)<br/>
“That’s a relief… I’m so glad…” (Momo)<br/>
Momo wrapped her arms around my waist and hugged me tightly. <br/>
I worried her. I should reflect on that. <br/>
Johnny-san was being surrounded by elves and beastkin warriors.<br/>
It seems like there were a lot of wounded people among his comrades, but are they all okay? <br/>
Ah, Johnny-san looked over here.<br/>
I could hear him saying ‘You saved us there. I give you my thanks’ with Eavesdrop.<br/>
No, there’s no way I would be able to hear that normally, is what I thought, but it might be normal for elves.<br/>
At any rate, that guy is really calm and cool.<br/>
Lucy, your great grandfather is super strong and cool.<br/>
Of course he would be popular.<br/>
How about the others?<br/>
Volkh-san and Julietta-san were being nursed.<br/>
The daughter of Deckel-san is hugging him and crying.<br/>
So he avoided the death flag…<br/>
The other wounded people were being nursed by the ones who can use healing magic.<br/>
I made a heavy sigh here.<br/>
…Looks like we managed to overcome the worst event that is the attack of Demon Lord Cain.<br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
 l <br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
 