[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c236](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/02/22/wm-chapter-236-takatsuki-makoto-speaks-to-johnny/)
<br/><br/>
TLN: Two chapters today! Make sure you didn’t miss the previous one!<br/>
Sponsored Chapter!<br/>
“Hurry and move deep into Laberintos.” <br/>
“The ones who are okay should lend a hand to the injured!” <br/>
“Wait! Has a safe location been secured in the mid floor?!” <br/>
“We have finished setting a barrier at the cave close to the deep lake. It should serve well enough as a temporary evacuation spot.” <br/>
“Isn’t that the den of Lamias and Arachnes?” <br/>
“Believe in the barrier! There’s no problem…probably.” <br/>
“Oi.” <br/>
The people of Laberintos are currently moving. <br/>
The reason being because Demon Lord Cain has discovered the existence of the dungeon city. <br/>
Looks like they will be moving their dwellings from the upper floor before more from the demon lord army come. <br/>
What a waste…<br/>
“Momo, let’s go too.” (Makoto)<br/>
“O-Okay.” (Momo)<br/>
Momo and I have little to no luggage. We were practically carrying nothing.<br/>
That’s why I tried to help out with carrying the luggage of others, but they rejected me saying ‘You must be tired from helping out Johnny-sama in fighting back the Demon Lord! We can’t let you do such menial work!’.<br/>
Also, they gave the reason of Momo being a child, so she was exempted from carrying luggage.<br/>
Even when Momo and I went deeper into Laberintos, there were barely any monsters.<br/>
Looks like the mages of Laberintos placed a barrier in the path. <br/>
It may be a pain for the monsters, but it helps us out.<br/>
We arrived safely at the underground lake on the mid floor.<br/>
The giant waterfall was making roaring sounds, and endlessly falling onto the underground lake.<br/>
There’s a small opening at the ceiling, with light entering from there, and it was creating a wondrous sight.<br/>
How nostalgic…<br/>
I reunited with Sa-san around here.<br/>
But well, I met her 1,000 years from now though.<br/>
“Makoto-sama, what’s the matter?” (Momo)<br/>
Momo spoke to me when I was getting sentimental.<br/>
“It is nothing. Let’s meet up with Abel-san and the others.” (Makoto)<br/>
The Heroes were taking the initiative to help in the moving of the city.<br/>
We are acting separately because of that.<br/>
They should be wounded though… They are tough.<br/>
I feel bad for being the only ones who are taking it easy.<br/>
Volkh-san and Hero Abel were carrying heavy-looking stuff.<br/>
Looks like it will be taking time…<br/>
At that moment…<br/>
“Uhm…Makoto-sama?” <br/>
“Do you have some time?” <br/>
Girls I don’t know spoke to me.<br/>
One is a black haired elf.<br/>
The other is a blonde cat eared beastkin.<br/>
They are both beautiful girls.<br/>
“What is it?” (Makoto)<br/>
When I responded to them, the two girls approached me and pulled my hand.<br/>
“The patriarch wants to talk to you.” <br/>
“We will guide you, Makoto-sama.” <br/>
“The Patriarch-san? Got it.” (Makoto)<br/>
By Patriarch, they must be referring to Johnny-san.<br/>
He is an important person.<br/>
I also wanted to take my time and have a talk with him.<br/>
“Uhm…” (Momo)<br/>
Momo grabbed my clothes from the back.<br/>
“Momo, let’s go together. That’s okay, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
““…Yes.””<br/>
The two girls hesitated for a bit as they looked at each other.<br/>
But they didn’t reject it.<br/>
What is it?<br/>
We were guided deep into the big cave. <br/>
Maybe it was made with magic, a shared space for people to live in was already being made.<br/>
I observed the face of the black haired elf with RPG Player while we were walking.<br/>
(…She looks similar…) (Makoto)<br/>
The black haired elf girl looks a bit similar to Lucy.<br/>
I say that, but Lucy is the only elf I get along well with.<br/>
There are a lot of beauties in the elves, so I might just be feeling like they look similar.<br/>
While I was thinking that, I arrived at a big stone-made room in the deepest part.<br/>
“Patriarch.” <br/>
“We have brought Makoto-sama.” <br/>
“Come in.” <br/>
A voice that seemed to be of Johnny-san rang from the door at the other side.<br/>
“Eh?” <br/>
When I entered the room, I saw Johnny-san sitting on a chair.<br/>
His top exposed.<br/>
That’s fine and all.<br/>
The problem is the back.<br/>
The one sleeping on the big bed was…a naked woman.<br/>
When I looked at my side, Momo also had her mouth wide open.<br/>
This is bad. I shouldn’t have brought Momo with me…<br/>
“I am glad you are here. Please take a seat.” (Johnny)<br/>
“O-Okay…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Excuse the intrusion…” (Momo)<br/>
Momo and I sat in front of Johnny-san with a table in between.<br/>
Food and drinks were placed in front of us soon after.<br/>
The ones who brought all of that were the black haired elf and the blonde cat eared girl.<br/>
“Please eat. It may not be much, but this is our thanks for saving us.” (Johnny)<br/>
“No, if Johnny-san wasn’t there, I would have been dead…” (Makoto)<br/>
“You are not a resident of the city, and yet, you put your life on the line. I want to give you my thanks as the Patriarch.” (Johnny)<br/>
“I see…” (Makoto)<br/>
So in the eyes of Johnny-san, I am a benefactor that fought for the sake of the city.<br/>
I had to protect the Light Hero because of my mission, but this result is good too.<br/>
“Demon Lord Cain…is the Hero Killer Demon Lord. I understood this after facing him, but I didn’t expect him to be that unreasonable of an existence…” (Johnny)<br/>
The face of Johnny-san darkened slightly.<br/>
“He really was unfairly strong.” (Makoto)<br/>
It is because of the sacred treasures that Noah-sama made though.<br/>
Noah-sama, it is unfair that my predecessor got all that good stuff.<br/>
“But your actions were splendid, Makoto. I am impressed that you were able to deal with things in such a calm manner.” (Johnny)<br/>
“Thanks for the high praise.” (Makoto)<br/>
Johnny-san was praising me a whole lot, and that pained me.<br/>
I was told in advance about the things to watch out for in the equipment of the Demon Lord by Noah-sama, so it was basically like cheating.<br/>
I think I wouldn’t have been able to deal with it if I didn’t have information beforehand.<br/>
Demon Lord Cain must be that.<br/>
A beginner killer boss.<br/>
It was at that moment…<br/>
“Oh my, Johnny-sama, will this person be joining our family too?” <br/>
“You are strong despite the cute face, Hero-sama.” <br/>
The beauties that were naked on the bed spoke to me.<br/>
So there were two…<br/>
Also…please hide your body a bit.<br/>
When I glanced at Momo, she was covering her face with her cheeks flushing red.<br/>
She must be embarrassed. <br/>
Sorry about that, Momo.<br/>
“You are in front of guests. Wear clothes.” (Johnny)<br/>
““Okay~.””<br/>
Johnny-san reprimanded them.<br/>
I drank the wine in order to drive away the impure thoughts.<br/>
This is strong…<br/>
I choked a bit there.<br/>
“Here, Makoto-sama.” <br/>
The black haired elf immediately poured more wine in my glass.<br/>
Her body was glued to mine as she was pouring it.<br/>
When I glanced over there, she smiled at me.<br/>
Oi oi, you are going to make me misunderstand if you do that, you know…?<br/>
“Makoto, that girl is my daughter, but it seems like she fell for you when she saw you fight. If you have taken a liking to her, can you do her?” (Johnny)<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eeeeeeeeh?!” (Momo)<br/>
Momo and I raised dumbfounded voices.<br/>
“Makoto-sama…” <br/>
The elf girl directed an enraptured gaze at me.<br/>
This girl is the daughter of Johnny-san…?<br/>
Wait, that means…she is a relative of Lucy?! <br/>
Of course she would look similar! <br/>
“That’s not fair, Papa! I also want Makoto-sama!” <br/>
The blonde cat-eared girl on the opposite side of the black hair elf-san hugged me.<br/>
“Aah, looks like this girl also likes you, Makoto. There’s no need to choose. You can marry them both.” (Johnny)<br/>
So this one is also his daughter?! <br/>
He really does have a lot of children just like Lucy said! <br/>
““Makoto-sama…””<br/>
The two cute girls approach me.<br/>
“One is a skilled warrior and the other a skilled mage. I think they will be useful to you. Also, they don’t look bad, right?” (Johnny)<br/>
Johnny-san was pushing his daughters at me.<br/>
“No, the feelings of the people themselves is important…” (Makoto)<br/>
“I love Makoto-sama.” <br/>
“I also want to be embraced by Makoto-sama…” <br/>
“You heard them.” (Johnny)<br/>
No no no! <br/>
We have barely spoken to each other! <br/>
“I have told my children all the time that there’s no knowing when you will die in these times. If you have someone you are interested in, don’t hesitate in confessing your feelings.” (Johnny)<br/>
“I-I see… Makes sense.” (Makoto)<br/>
That way of thinking is similar to the mother of Lucy, Rosalie-san.<br/>
Was it passed down to each generation since Johnny-san?<br/>
Even so…<br/>
“M-Makoto-sama…?” (Momo)<br/>
Momo had teary eyes as she pulled my sleeve.<br/>
You don’t have to make that face. I won’t be making wives in the past.<br/>
Moreover, relatives of Lucy that were in the granny generation of Lucy.<br/>
It would be awkward in a lot of meanings.<br/>
“Johnny-san, I am grateful, but I will refrain from that.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hmm, I see…” (Johnny)<br/>
“Eeeh~, no way.” <br/>
“Makoto! I haven’t given up yet!” <br/>
Johnny-san and his daughters made regretful faces.<br/>
“But I want to thank you for helping us. Is there anything else you want?” (Johnny)<br/>
Johnny-san asked.<br/>
This person is really honorable.<br/>
I thought for a bit and spoke it out.<br/>
“Can you lend me your help when I am in trouble?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Me…?” (Johnny)<br/>
Johnny-san made a dubious expression.<br/>
“Yes, I would like you to lend me your strength.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Well, I don’t mind…” (Johnny)<br/>
“Then, I will consult with you when I am in trouble, okay?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah, got it.” (Johnny)<br/>
Johnny-san nodded.<br/>
Alright! <br/>
I have gotten the agreement of Johnny-san! <br/>
He will now participate <br/>
in the Great Demon Lord battle<br/>
!<br/>
“…I feel like I made a fearsome promise just now.” (Johnny)<br/>
“You are imagining it.” (Makoto)<br/>
Geez, I won’t let you revoke it, okay?<br/>
The two girls at both of my sides were still clinging to me.<br/>
Lets not stay for long.<br/>
I bid farewell and left the room.<br/>
◇Momo POV◇<br/>
“Makoto-sama!” <br/>
“Makoto-sama~, let’s talk.” <br/>
The daughters of the Patriarch-san and the women of the dungeon city were coming to where Makoto-san is.<br/>
Everyone is trying to gain favor with Makoto-sama.<br/>
The brave one that fought off Demon Lord Cain.<br/>
Obviously this would happen.<br/>
All the women that are approaching Makoto-sama are beautiful and have great bodies.<br/>
Uuh…<br/>
At this rate, Makoto-sama will end up being together with someone in that group…<br/>
When that happens, I will just be a hindrance.<br/>
Makoto-sama won’t be treating me badly, but even I can tell that we won’t be able to stay the same as always when that happens.<br/>
My swirling thoughts were a mess.<br/>
It was at the time when I was worrying about this.<br/>
“Momo, what’s the matter?” (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto-sama peeked at my face as if worrying about me.<br/>
Kind face and gentle voice.<br/>
And yet, cold eyes as if observing me.<br/>
A freezing gaze that doesn’t waver no matter the time and no matter the enemy. <br/>
When I get exposed to that cold gaze…it makes me shudder.<br/>
(Makoto-sama…I love you…) (Momo)<br/>
I want to be by his side forever.<br/>
I want to live together with him forever.<br/>
I don’t want to be away from him.<br/>
But what should I do?<br/>
How can I be together with him?<br/>
“Uhm…Makoto-sama?” (Momo)<br/>
“What is it?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Uhm…” (Momo)<br/>
What’s the right thing to say?<br/>
‘Make me your girlfriend’?<br/>
No.<br/>
That’s no good.<br/>
If I said that, he would just say ‘Then, when you grow up’ and that would be the end of it.<br/>
Makoto-sama only thinks of me as a nuisance of a child.<br/>
“Makoto-sama! Please…please make me your disciple!” (Momo)<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto-sama opened his mouth wide and let out his voice in surprise. It is rare to see him doing that.<br/>
◇Takatsuki Makoto POV◇<br/>
The Great Sage-sama has become my disciple.<br/>
Are you kidding me…?<br/>
“Master! I will be in your care!” (Momo)<br/>
“Yeah…” (Makoto)<br/>
Even if you say that with the face of the Great Sage-sama, it will only confuse me.<br/>
But the fighting power of the current Great Sage-sama isn’t high.<br/>
It shouldn’t be bad to train in magic.<br/>
“Then, let’s raise our magic proficiency together.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Understood! I will train in water magic just like Master, okay?” (Momo)<br/>
“Are you stupid?! The weakest of the 7 elements should be the last one! Last one!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eeeeeeh?!” (Momo)<br/>
Why would someone who has the Sage Skill that allows them to use all 7 elements be training in water magic?<br/>
Water magic is on the hobby level.<br/>
“Uuuh… I want to be the same as Master though…” (Momo)<br/>
“I train water magic, sun magic, and destiny magic in that order. You should train fire magic and earth magic that you could use from the very beginning first.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Okay~.” (Momo)<br/>
Looks like she reluctantly accepted.<br/>
Fire magic is exemplary in destructive power.<br/>
Earth magic is exemplary in defensive power.<br/>
Training these two shouldn’t be bad.<br/>
What’s next is…if I remember correctly, the Great Sage-sama was good at Teleport.<br/>
But I can’t use it, so I can’t teach her.<br/>
Is there a master in destiny magic around?<br/>
Why am I thinking about the teaching curriculum of the Great Sage-sama?<br/>
I continued training with Momo while thinking it has turned into a strange situation.<br/>
Speaking of strange things, there’s one more thing.<br/>
I have been popular with the women of the dungeon city as of late.<br/>
They are trying to seduce me in a really blatant manner.<br/>
The one who comes often is the black haired beautiful elf (resembling Lucy).<br/>
But…<br/>
That’s a relative of Lucy, you know?<br/>
A sister of the grandfather of Lucy from the elf village.<br/>
She is 14-15 years old, so she is younger than me.<br/>
She is the daughter of Johnny-san so I can’t treat her too badly, so I just reject her vaguely.<br/>
I am currently training my water magic while catching fishes in the underground lake.<br/>
Momo is training her magic at my side.<br/>
She made 4 small fireballs with a complicated expression.<br/>
She is growing fast.<br/>
As expected of someone with the Sage Skill.<br/>
Hero Abel is serving as watch at a slightly separated location.<br/>
A barrier has been deployed, and there’s other Heroes on lookout as well, so the monsters are wary and don’t come.<br/>
In other words, he looks like he is got nothing to do.<br/>
Alright, it would be a waste to not use our time efficiently.<br/>
“Momo, come here.” (Makoto)<br/>
“O-Okay.” (Momo)<br/>
“While keeping your fireballs, okay?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Uguh…” (Momo)<br/>
She tried to stop her magic, so I warned her.<br/>
No matter the time, I won’t allow her to stop using magic.<br/>
By the way, I have made 99 water butterflies.<br/>
Momo is going to become the number one mage of the continent, so I will have her be able to do the same soon.<br/>
“Abel-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“What’s the matter, Makoto-san?” (Abel)<br/>
When I called Hero Abel, he turned around with a smile.<br/>
Yup, so friendly! <br/>
…What am I even saying? <br/>
“There’s a place I want to go to. Can you come with me?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah, I don’t mind, but where?” (Abel)<br/>
“Eh, Master? Where are you going?” (Momo)<br/>
I answered.<br/>
“Let’s go to the deepest floor of Laberintos.” (Makoto)<br/>
““Huh?””<br/>
The dumbfounded voices of Hero Abel and Momo overlapped. <br/>
—Author Notes:<br/>
There were questions of whether the Olga of 1,000 years in the past was a man or a woman. She was a woman. She is already dead, so it isn’t an important point, but just to point it out. <br/>
> There was a massive amount of water around. Would a cloud of dust be made from a gale of the wind spirits? Wouldn’t it be mud? <br/>
→ ……Let’s just say the ground at the feet of Cain was dry (bad excuse).<br/>
 