[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c237](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/02/23/wm-chapter-237-takatsuki-makoto-explores-laberintos/)
<br/><br/>
Sponsored Chapter!<br/>
Momo, Hero Abel, and I advance <br/>
on top<br/>
 of the underground lake of Laberintos.<br/>
By using Surface Walk and Water Dragon, we move on the water as if we were skiing.<br/>
“Master~! We are going so fast~~!!” (Momo)<br/>
Momo seems to be having fun.<br/>
“Makoto-san! There’s monsters chasing us at our back!” (Abel)<br/>
“Hm?” (Makoto)<br/>
When I look back, there certainly are Sea Serpents and Kelpis chasing us.<br/>
Looks like they want to attack us.<br/>
You are challenging me in speed? Interesting.<br/>
“Then, I will speed up. Grab on tightly, okay?” (Makoto)<br/>
““Eh?””<br/>
I heard the two react to my words.<br/>
“Water Magic: [Water Jet].” (Makoto)<br/>
It is an original spell I made while playing around.<br/>
The next instant, an acceleration akin to a free fall attacked our bodies.<br/>
Water sprayed away like an explosion.<br/>
And then, the monsters that were chasing us from the back were pushed far behind.<br/>
Ooh, I could see a glance of the Sea Serpents and Kelpies being shocked.<br/>
“Kyaaaaaaaa!” (Momo)<br/>
“Uwaaaaaaaaaa!” (Abel)<br/>
The screams of Momo and Abel echoed at the underground lake.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“Master~, I thought I would be shaken off from that~. That was cruel!” (Momo)<br/>
“Makoto-san…there was no need to put that much speed.” (Abel)<br/>
“Ah, yeah, sorry.” (Makoto)<br/>
Momo and Hero Abel got angry at me.<br/>
We are currently at a corner of the underground lake.<br/>
There’s a giant submerged cave here.<br/>
It is a path that leads to the lower floors of Laberintos, and I haven’t gone further in on my previous adventure here.<br/>
Or more like, a Taboo Dragon showed up here.<br/>
How nostalgic.<br/>
“You two, hold my hands.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yes, Master.” (Momo)<br/>
“Got it, Makoto-san.” (Abel)<br/>
I held the hand of the two, and used water magic.<br/>
“[Water Breathe] and [Water Dragon].” (Makoto)<br/>
We advanced through the underwater cave.<br/>
I am using Stealth to erase my presence.<br/>
I look around the pitch black cave with my Night Vision Skill.<br/>
There’s a lot of gigantic aquatic monsters.<br/>
That shadow that is around 10 meters in size…is it a shark monster?<br/>
Why is there a freshwater shark? <br/>
There’s also a giant Sea Serpent, and I could also see a water dragon.<br/>
Let’s advance in a manner that they won’t find us.<br/>
“Uhm…Makoto-sama? Why did you suddenly want to go to the deepest floor of Laberintos?” (Momo)<br/>
“The depths of Laberintos apparently are formed mostly of Ancient Dragons. It is dangerous, you know…?” (Abel)<br/>
Momo and Hero Abel were asking me with a weak heart.<br/>
Looks like they are scared of the giant monsters in Laberintos?<br/>
“Well, you will understand once we get there.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Is that so…” (Momo)<br/>
“I see…” (Abel)<br/>
I answered vaguely. <br/>
Of course, I wouldn’t go to a dangerous place like the deepest floor of Laberintos without any objective.<br/>
I have a clear objective.<br/>
I dug out my past memories.<br/>
It was at the time not that long after coming to this world.<br/>
At the library of the Water Temple, at the time when I was reading a whole lot of books about a variety of things.<br/>
—[Adventures of the Five Continents] -(Written By: Adventurer Uther).<br/>
A record that was written by a great adventurer more than a hundred years ago.<br/>
Since coming to this world, at the time when I was isolated from my surroundings and was studying alone, I met that book.<br/>
I liked that book quite a lot and I have read it over and over.<br/>
What was written there were the many dungeons in the world and the unexplored regions.<br/>
Of course, there was stuff about the West Continent’s biggest dungeon, Laberintos, too.<br/>
Adventures of the Five Continents: West Chapter.<br/>
This was written there. <br/>
—The adventurer Uther arrived at Laberintos.<br/>
That’s because he wanted to have a glance of the Holy Dragon that flew the savior of the world, Abel, around the world.<br/>
1,000 years ago, Savior Abel met the white Holy Dragon at the deepest floor of Laberintos, and promised to save the world together with him.<br/>
Just as they promised, Hero Abel rode on the back of the Holy Dragon, and went off to defeat the Demon Lords.<br/>
The heart of adventurer Uther was beating in excitement in anticipation to the meeting of the legendary Holy Dragon.<br/>
Meeting the legendary dragon! <br/>
But the Holy Dragon wasn’t at the deepest floor of Laberintos…<br/>
Just like Savior Abel, the legendary Holy Dragon also left somewhere.<br/>
That’s what was written.<br/>
If this is correct, even if I were to explore Laberintos in my time, I wouldn’t have been able to meet the Holy Dragon.<br/>
But right now I am in the past.<br/>
There’s no doubt the legendary Holy Dragon is here.<br/>
And there’s the Light Hero Abel by my side.<br/>
I am sure he will lend us his strength! <br/>
Also…the only method of transportation in this era is by foot. <br/>
Honestly speaking, it would be rough to always travel on foot.<br/>
I want to secure our ‘legs’ as soon as possible.<br/>
That’s my objective.<br/>
This is obvious, but I can’t explain it to Momo and Hero Abel.<br/>
I haven’t revealed to them that I came from the future after all.<br/>
By the way, the adventurer Uther-san has challenged the Deep Sea Temple too. <br/>
Or more like, he has challenged all the 3 Last Dungeons that exist in the world.<br/>
This is what was written about the Deep Sea Temple.<br/>
—<br/>
The Adventurer Uther challenged the Deep Sea Temple………it was impossible. Lets just give up.<br/>
Why, Uther-san?<br/>
At least try a bit more.<br/>
One of the reasons why the Deep Sea Temple isn’t popular is no doubt because of the record of the Adventurer Uther.<br/>
At the time when I read this, I thought I should skip the Deep Sea Temple.<br/>
While I was remembering this, I slowly went deeper into Laberintos.<br/>
The underwater cave is long and dark.<br/>
I thought it would continue on forever, but the end arrived suddenly.<br/>
We arrived at a dead end of the underwater cave.<br/>
“…This is…the path ends here.” (Makoto)<br/>
Looks like this route was not the right one.<br/>
“Doesn’t look like we can advance any further.” (Abel)<br/>
Hero Abel seems to share the same opinion as me.<br/>
This is a shame, but it seems like our adventure this time ends here.<br/>
Let’s turn back…<br/>
The moment I thought this…<br/>
“Uhm, Master…isn’t there something there?” (Momo)<br/>
“Hm?” (Makoto)<br/>
Momo held my hand and pointed at a corner of the cave.<br/>
Even when using Night Vision, I couldn’t see that place well.<br/>
I used water magic to slowly head to where Momo pointed at.<br/>
There was a teleportation magic circle there. <br/>
“Nice job finding this, Momo.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I didn’t notice at all too.” (Abel)<br/>
Hero Abel and I were surprised.<br/>
“Ehehe, my eyes seem to have gotten better once I became a vampire.” (Momo)<br/>
An embarrassed smile showed up on Momo.<br/>
I carefully investigate the teleportation magic circle.<br/>
“Looks like it won’t be sending us to a place too far away. In terms of distance, is it teleporting us to the core floor…?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Makoto-san…it is better to not carelessly teleport.” (Abel)<br/>
“This is most likely a natural teleportation magic circle that was made by the dungeon. It should be okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
The dungeon creates magic circles at dead ends in order to invite adventurers deeper in.<br/>
This is the first time I see one though.<br/>
It really feels like we are exploring a dungeon! <br/>
I am getting excited! <br/>
“Can we go?” (Makoto)<br/>
When I asked in excitement, Hero Abel and Momo looked at each other.<br/>
“Well, if Makoto-san says so, I will follow…” (Abel)<br/>
“The words of Master are absolute!” (Momo)<br/>
The two are obedient.<br/>
I don’t mind them objecting though…<br/>
Well, I will be pushing my will here then.<br/>
I stood on top of the magic circle while holding both of their hands.<br/>
The next moment, the teleport activated.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
The place the teleport warped us to was not in water.<br/>
There was faint light here and there in this giant cave.<br/>
Looking at what the light was, I noticed that those were magic crystals of high density.<br/>
This place is…<br/>
The Core Floor of Laberintos. There’s Star Veins flowing closeby. <br/>
Because of that, there were giant magic crystals around because of the mana of the Star Veins.<br/>
If we were to sell that, it could get us enough money to last a lifetime, but is there enough worth to do that? <br/>
The Core Floor of Laberintos is called the Nest of Dragons, and there’s even Ancient Dragons living there.<br/>
There’s no assurance that you will return alive. (Reference: Adventures of the Five Continents. West Chapter)<br/>
This is the Core Floor of Laberintos.<br/>
There’s fortunately no monsters at sight.<br/>
But well, thanks to Detection I can tell that there’s the presence of fierce monsters deep in the cave.<br/>
“Abel-san, Momo, let’s rest here for now.” (Makoto)<br/>
“O-Okay… Makoto-san, where’s this place…?” (Abel)<br/>
“The Core Floor of Laberintos. There should be strong monsters deeper in.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Is it okay for you to not be taking a break, Makoto-sama…?” (Momo)<br/>
“We will take breaks in shifts. You rest first, Momo.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Understood.” (Momo)<br/>
Momo nodded with a serious expression.<br/>
I dried the clothes of the two.<br/>
After that, we had a simple meal of bread and ham.<br/>
Hero Abel and Momo wrapped themselves around the blankets they had brought and laid down.<br/>
It didn’t take long to hear their steady breaths.<br/>
I keep watch while the two are resting.<br/>
The inside of the dungeon was quiet.<br/>
The magic crystals were faintly illuminating the dark cave.<br/>
“Lucy, I have reached the Core Floor of Laberintos.” (Makoto)<br/>
I muttered in a low voice.<br/>
We returned after reaching the mid floor. It feels like it was such a long time ago.<br/>
Wonder what Lucy and Sa-san are doing right now? …When I thought that, I noticed. <br/>
They are both 1,000 years in the future. <br/>
They haven’t even been born.<br/>
…Lets train.<br/>
I trained sun magic and destiny magic.<br/>
While I was training, I thought about what to do from now on.<br/>
The Core Floor of Laberintos… We arrived here more easily than I thought.<br/>
I was thinking about exploring it several times.<br/>
I didn’t bring much food.<br/>
Let’s advance as far as we can get tomorrow and return…that’s what I was thinking.<br/>
At that moment, the air shook.<br/>
“XXXXXX,XXXXX? (Our King, you seem bored. I can serve as your talk partner, you know?)” (Undine)<br/>
“Undine…?” (Makoto)<br/>
A beautiful girl with blue skin sat by my side.<br/>
I didn’t call her, but she came herself.<br/>
That’s great. <br/>
It is true that I was getting bored.<br/>
Also, I had something to ask her.<br/>
“Hey, Undine, why am I a King?” (Makoto)<br/>
She smiled at my question.<br/>
“That’s because you will <br/>
one day<br/>
 become Our King. I can tell that…” (Undine)<br/>
Undine says with a spellbound expression.<br/>
One day, huh.<br/>
Is she talking about the time when I fought Alexander and became a Spirit myself?<br/>
The Goddess told me that that’s called a Spirit King.<br/>
Also, because of the Restriction of Noah-sama, I can’t become a Spirit King ever again<br/>
.<br/>
I did try it after I came to the past.<br/>
I could turn my right arm into a Spirit, but when I try to turn my whole body, I lose consciousness.<br/>
Looks like even when I am not a believer of Noah-sama anymore, the Soul Restriction is still there.<br/>
I look at the smiling Undine.<br/>
This girl is looking forward to me turning into a Spirit King.<br/>
But I can’t do that anymore.<br/>
It feels as if I am deceiving her and it bothered me.<br/>
At the moment when I was feeling a hard to describe feeling…<br/>
“By the way…Our King, I have a request…” (Undine)<br/>
Undine wrapped her arms around mine hesitantly.<br/>
Her body is obviously made of water, but that body formed of massive amounts of mana was warm as if she had body temperature.<br/>
“W-What is it?” (Makoto)<br/>
Undine’s request…<br/>
What in the world is she going to make me do?<br/>
“Can you call me by my name…?” <br/>
“Call you by your name?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yes, that’s right…” <br/>
“Uhm, then…can you please tell me your name?” (Makoto)<br/>
I was relieved. So it is just that.<br/>
“I don’t have a name.” <br/>
“……Huh?” (Makoto)<br/>
I don’t understand.<br/>
As if picking up my question, Undine continued speaking.<br/>
“Our King, please give me a name…” <br/>
“Me…?” (Makoto)<br/>
Uhm…so me calling her by her name was her telling me to give her a name and calling her with that, huh.<br/>
I see.<br/>
I can’t become a Spirit King anymore, but I can do at least that. <br/>
This is a request from Undine who has saved me several times already.<br/>
There’s no reason for me to refuse.<br/>
But even if you tell me this all of a sudden, I can’t think up something immediately.<br/>
“Name… Name, huh… That’s difficult.” (Makoto)<br/>
“If it is a name Our King gives me, I am fine with any name.” <br/>
“Even if you tell me that…” (Makoto)<br/>
The Great Water Spirit was looking at me with sparkling eyes.<br/>
A name for Undine… Hmmm…<br/>
Aquamarine…? No.<br/>
I can’t give her such a sparkly name…<br/>
Lets see…<br/>
“Then, I will take the D of Undine, and since we believe in the Titan God Noah-sama…I will borrow the A of Noah-sama…” (Makoto)<br/>
Is this too much of an honor?…is what I thought for an instant, but it is Noah-sama we are talking about here, she would just smile and say ‘I don’t mind the small stuff’ and give me permission.<br/>
Our Goddess-sama is tolerant.<br/>
“I have decided.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yes!” <br/>
“Your name will be…” (Makoto)<br/>
Dia<br/>
.<br/>
“Dia. How’s that?” (Makoto)<br/>
When I say this, Undine made a shocked expression.<br/>
Eh? Does she not like it?<br/>
“…Dia…Dia…Dia… What a splendid name!” (Dia)<br/>
I am glad to see that it is not like she doesn’t like it.<br/>
At that moment, the body of Undine suddenly shone.<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
A fearsome amount of mana gathers around Undine…no, Dia.<br/>
Laberintos shook heavily as if reacting to this.<br/>
The mana overflowing from Dia was making the ground, walls, and air <br/>
freeze<br/>
.<br/>
Wait, this is bad!<br/>
“S-Stop! Stop, Dia!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Ah, yes. I am sorry, Our King… I was so happy I couldn’t hold back.” (Dia)<br/>
“……”<br/>
Undine lowered her head over and over.<br/>
I looked at the floor that had been frozen <br/>
as far as the eye could see<br/>
.<br/>
Looks like it turned like this just because Dia got happy. <br/>
…I might have done something outrageous here.<br/>
—<br/>
Response to comments<br/>
:<br/>
I will write about the setting of the lifespan that was asked about a while ago. I didn’t explain it properly. <br/>
Humans – around 100 years.<br/>
Elves – around 300 to 500 years.<br/>
Dwarves – around 200 to 300 years.<br/>
As for monsters and demons, it depends on the individual.<br/>
Races have their own upper limits for their lifespan.<br/>
No matter how much Makoto ‘contributes’, he won’t be able to go over the upper limit of his race. It is impossible to live over 1,000 years! By the way, the lifespan of Gods is Eternal.<br/>
 