[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c240.5](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/03/01/wm-chapter-240-5-gossip-lucy-explores-laberintos-again/)
<br/><br/>
Sponsored Chapter!<br/>
◇Lucy POV◇<br/>
Aya and I are at the Upper Floor of Laberintos. <br/>
“This brings back memories, right, Aya?” (Lucy)<br/>
I spoke to the friend by my side while walking through Laberintos. <br/>
But Aya was looking restlessly around the dungeon and tilted her head.<br/>
“I didn’t come to the Upper Floor often, so I don’t really remember much of the area around here.” (Aya)<br/>
“I see. The place you know well is the Mid Floor after all.” (Lucy)<br/>
Aya had reincarnated in this world, and was born as a Lamia in Laberintos. <br/>
But there’s a lot of human adventurers in the Upper Floor, making it dangerous for monsters, so she doesn’t know much about it. <br/>
“The monsters around here should be easy for you and I though, right?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Yeah, let’s do this quickly!” (Aya)<br/>
We raised our voices going ‘yeah!’ and advanced through Laberintos.<br/>
The maps and magic tools for exploration were prepared by Nina-san in the Fujiwara Company. <br/>
Of course, we have paid the money. <br/>
But she gave us quite the discount. <br/>
That person looks after us even now despite having become a noble.<br/>
I am grateful for that.<br/>
We leisurely explored the Upper Floor.<br/>
“Heya, you two. Adventuring with just you two girls? Don’t go too deep, okay? There’s a lot of monsters today.” <br/>
“There was a minotaur just ahead. It is better to take a detour.” <br/>
There’s a lot of adventurers at the Upper Floor. <br/>
It seems like two female adventurers is rare, so we gathered attention. We were spoken to pretty often.<br/>
“Thanks for the warning.” (Lucy)<br/>
“We will be careful.” (Aya)<br/>
Aya and I give our thanks.<br/>
It would be nice if all of them were this kind, but…<br/>
“Oi oi, are you two looking down on Laberintos by coming with only you two?” <br/>
“Hey, you two, we will accompany you.” <br/>
“We won’t ask for payment. It is natural for veteran adventurers to look after the newbies after all.” <br/>
A group of adventurers (all men) that were clearly evil natured were approaching us.<br/>
Aya and I looked at each other.<br/>
(Haaah…) (Lucy)<br/>
We had this same exact event at the Adventurer Guild just a while ago.<br/>
It seems like Aya and I look like newbie adventurers. <br/>
One of the men was about to grab the hand of Aya with a grin but…<br/>
“<br/>
Can you not touch me<br/>
?” (Aya)<br/>
Aya’s Pressure Skill activated.<br/>
The ones who tried to mess with us in the Adventurer Guild went weak on their knees with just this, but it looks like the ones this time around have a bit more guts. <br/>
They somehow managed to stay on their feet.<br/>
They were trembling though.<br/>
“Y-You bastards! What’s with you?!” <br/>
“W-We were doing this out of good will!” <br/>
“We were simply trying to help out weak adventurers like you guys…” <br/>
Don’t lie. <br/>
You definitely had hidden motives.<br/>
I sighed and gathered mana in my staff.<br/>
“Fire Magic: [Phoenix].” (Lucy)<br/>
A giant fire bird appeared above me. <br/>
The phoenix burning violently had the size of a dragon.<br/>
Seeing this, the faces of the people who tried to mess with us stiffened.<br/>
“I am a monarch skill mage. How about you guys?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Wa?!” <br/>
“M-Monarch…?” <br/>
“W-What, then tell us that from the start!” <br/>
“See ya!” <br/>
The men stumbled on their feet as they ran away. <br/>
I stopped my Phoenix spell.<br/>
“The adventurers of Laberintos are the same as always…” (Lucy)<br/>
I remember the time when Makoto and I came here in the past.<br/>
A lot of adventurers are gathered here, so there’s all types of people.<br/>
A bunch just like that meddled with us before, right? <br/>
“Lu-chan, Lu-chan, everyone is looking over here.” (Aya)<br/>
“Eh?” (Lucy)<br/>
A number of adventurers, who were probably thinking about saving us from those bad natured adventurers, were looking at us, and had their mouths wide open at the result after. <br/>
“Let’s go further in quickly…” (Lucy)<br/>
“Y-Yeah…” (Aya)<br/>
Aya and I hurriedly head to the Mid Floor of Laberintos.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“We will be camping here today. Is that okay?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Yeah, that’s okay!” (Aya)<br/>
We arrived at the Mid Floor of Laberintos. <br/>
By the way, we are going through the route that doesn’t pass by the underground lake that is the former home of Aya.<br/>
The area at the underground lake reminded Aya of her family and would sadden her, so she didn’t want to go there.<br/>
I thought that was okay too. <br/>
There’s…no need to force yourself to remember a painful memory.<br/>
We are currently at the dungeon called the Green Cave that’s covered in plants. <br/>
We carefully advanced inside that, and we found an area that didn’t have monsters, so we decided to pass one night here.<br/>
“I will be cooking, okay, Lu-chan?” (Aya)<br/>
“Thanks, Aya. After setting the tent, I will deploy a monster repelling barrier.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Doesn’t the tent have a monster repelling effect?” (Aya)<br/>
“It is just in case. Safety first, right?” (Lucy)<br/>
 “Okay. That wariness of yours reminds me of Takatsuki-kun, Lu-chan.” (Aya)<br/>
“He just acts as if safety is the priority, but he rushes right into interesting-looking places head first without a plan, you know?” (Lucy)<br/>
“…That’s true.” (Aya)<br/>
We look at each other’s faces and laugh.<br/>
We were chatting as we prepared the camp. <br/>
By the way, the tent has Protection Magic, Presence Erase, and Monster Repel magic.<br/>
This was also a high quality item that was prepared by the Fujiwara Company. <br/>
By the time I finished the preparations for the camp, the handmade cooking of Aya had been completed. <br/>
Rabbit meat and stew that had root crops in it.<br/>
We soaked bread in that as we ate. <br/>
Tasty…<br/>
Why is it this tasty when it was made hastily?<br/>
Thanks to the barrier magic, I could eat without worrying about monsters attacking us.<br/>
“Lu-chan, wanna drink this?” (Aya)<br/>
“No, I will refrain from it while adventuring…” (Lucy)<br/>
Aya took out grape wine but I refused.<br/>
Does Aya feel no tension? Or is she that much of a big-shot?<br/>
As expected of the Country Designated Hero of Great Keith, huh.<br/>
“By the way, Lu-chan…” (Aya)<br/>
“What?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Aren’t your clothes a bit too open on your chest area? That’s why weird people end up coming at us like today.” (Aya)<br/>
“Really?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Yeah. Takatsuki-kun isn’t here, so there’s no need to wear such clothes, right?” (Aya)<br/>
“Wait, Aya. I have been wearing stuff like this since before I met Makoto, you know?” (Lucy)<br/>
These aren’t clothes to pull the attention of Makoto.<br/>
No, well…I did aim for that a little bit though.<br/>
“What about you, Aya? Why are you wearing such frilly clothes even though you are an adventurer? Wear proper adventurer equipment.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Eeeh~. The attire of adventurers is not cute.” (Aya)<br/>
“There’s no need for cuteness. It is hard to move around, right?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Not really.” (Aya)<br/>
“Muh.” (Lucy)<br/>
Is that so?<br/>
Aya’s attire is like that of a cafe waitress, and yet, when she fights monsters, she moves like a martial artist master. <br/>
That’s just not fair. <br/>
“Isn’t your skirt a bit too mini? That’s what I would call ‘not adventurer-like’.” (Aya)<br/>
“Wait, Aya. Stop flipping my skirt.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Isn’t that okay? No one is watching.” (Aya)<br/>
“That’s not the issue. Then, I will also get your skirt…tights are not fair.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Can’t see my underwear even if I kick~.” (Aya)<br/>
“Even if that’s the case, I can’t help but still question you wearing a skirt.” (Lucy)<br/>
We passed our time after the meal in a relaxed manner as we chatted.<br/>
We are not really in a hurry here.<br/>
We are planning on resting just like that for today.<br/>
After we finished chatting, we went to sleep inside the tent.<br/>
I dim out the light of the lamp inside the tent.<br/>
“Lu-chan, let’s sleep together.” (Aya)<br/>
“Okay okay.” (Lucy)<br/>
Aya hugs me.<br/>
She has been like this the whole time lately.<br/>
“Fufu, you are warm, Lu-chan~.” (Aya)<br/>
“There there.” (Lucy)<br/>
I pat the head of Aya as if comforting a little sister.<br/>
We were like that for a while, but…<br/>
“Aya…what are you doing?” (Lucy)<br/>
I noticed a weird sensation.<br/>
“Lu-chan, you got bigger again?” (Aya)<br/>
Aya was touching my breasts.<br/>
“Hey now…” (Lucy)<br/>
She does stuff like this on the daily. <br/>
“In the first place, they got bigger because you fondle them every day, right? Here, I will make yours bigger for you.” (Lucy)<br/>
“Wait, Lu-chan. Stop stop.” (Aya)<br/>
“Oh my? Where are your boobs, Aya? Here maybe~?” (Lucy)<br/>
“…Lu-chan~, what were you implying with that?” (Aya)<br/>
“Aya, your eyes are scary.” (Lucy)<br/>
We joked around for a while, and eventually fell asleep.<br/>
-A few hours later<br/>
. <br/>
I opened my eyes.<br/>
I could hear the breathing of Aya by my side. <br/>
I slowly get up so to not wake up Aya.<br/>
And then, the moment I tried to leave the tent…<br/>
“…Lu-chan, training again?” (Aya)<br/>
A voice rang from my back.<br/>
“Sorry, Aya. Did I wake you up?” (Lucy)<br/>
“No, it is okay. But don’t push yourself too much, okay?” (Aya)<br/>
“Yeah, I know.” (Lucy)<br/>
“You should rest properly at least at the times when we are adventuring.” (Aya)<br/>
“…Yeah…but I am sure Makoto is working even harder than me in the past.” (Lucy)<br/>
“…I see.” (Aya)<br/>
Aya made a wry smile with a face as if saying ‘it can’t be helped’.<br/>
I respond with a smile. <br/>
I left the tent this time for sure and went outside.<br/>
And then, I take stance with my staff within the barrier. <br/>
I gather a bit of mana into my staff.<br/>
If I gather too much mana, we might get noticed by monsters, so only a bit.<br/>
Fire element mana gathers.<br/>
“Fuuh…” (Lucy)<br/>
I breathe out slightly, and look around.<br/>
Small red lights were drifting about.<br/>
“Fire Spirits…” (Lucy)<br/>
I see them.<br/>
I can finally see them too. <br/>
Just as Makoto taught me, I continued training my Fire Magic Proficiency everyday.<br/>
The results have finally bloomed.<br/>
But the Fire Spirits are flying about as they please and are not coming to me. <br/>
“XXXXXX (Hey, lend me your strength…).” (Lucy)<br/>
Even when I talk to them in Spirit Language, they are not turning over here.<br/>
(Is it because…I am still lacking training…?) (Lucy)<br/>
I am far from being like Makoto.<br/>
(I have to work harder…) (Lucy)<br/>
I have been relying on Makoto all the time.<br/>
Makoto is working hard in the Dark Era.<br/>
I am simply waiting. <br/>
That’s why…more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more…<br/>
“Lu-chan~, working too hard is poison to your body, you know?” (Aya)<br/>
“Eh?” (Lucy)<br/>
I felt a bit of weight from my back.<br/>
Aya hugged me from behind.<br/>
“Aya.” (Lucy)<br/>
“I have made hot milk with honey in it. Let’s take a break.” (Aya)<br/>
“But…” (Lucy)<br/>
I have to train more.<br/>
If it were Makoto, he definitely wouldn’t be taking a break…<br/>
“Just come already~. You are not Takatsuki-kun. You have to take a break.” (Aya)<br/>
I was forcefully made to take a break.<br/>
Two mugs were placed on the small table, and steamy hot milk was poured in them.<br/>
I take a sip.<br/>
It is slightly sweet. <br/>
It calms my heart.<br/>
“Aah, Lu-chan, your shoulders are stiff. That’s not good. You should take care of your body.” (Aya)<br/>
“Wait, Aya—au.” (Lucy)<br/>
Aya began to massage my body.<br/>
S-She is good…<br/>
“Did you do this to Makoto too?” (Lucy)<br/>
When I asked her this, she made a complicated expression.<br/>
“Massages? I wanted to, but there was no point in it.” (Aya)<br/>
“Why?” (Lucy)<br/>
Even though she is so good.<br/>
“Takatsuki-kun’s shoulders don’t stiffen no matter how long he trains. Moreover, he says he doesn’t get tired.” (Aya)<br/>
“…What?” (Lucy)<br/>
“It must be because he finds training fun that he doesn’t get tired, right? That’s why his shoulders don’t stiffen and there’s no need to massage him, apparently.” (Aya)<br/>
Aya copied the tone of Makoto as she said this.<br/>
“What’s with that…? That guy…” (Lucy)<br/>
That doesn’t make sense.<br/>
Training is fun so it doesn’t tire him…?<br/>
That’s impossible for me.<br/>
“Lu-chan.” (Aya)<br/>
Aya hugged me.<br/>
Wait, the hot milk is gonna spill! <br/>
“A-Aya…what is it?” (Lucy)<br/>
“Rest properly! Got it?!” (Aya)<br/>
“O-Okay…” (Lucy)<br/>
I obediently nod.<br/>
It somewhat feels like Aya is the older sister here.<br/>
That day Aya forced me to rest. <br/>
Thanks to that, I managed to concentrate better than usual on the adventuring the next day.<br/>
…So it really won’t go like Makoto does, huh.<br/>
 