[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c243](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/03/04/wm-chapter-243-takatsuki-makoto-heads-to-the-moon-country/)
<br/><br/>
We are currently riding on the back of the White Dragon Mel-san and flying in the sky. <br/>
The members are Hero Abel, Momo, Mel-san, and me. <br/>
The same lineup as in Laberintos.<br/>
Julietta-san wanted to come together with us, but Mel-san said ‘don’t increase the numbers too much’, so she tearfully gave up.<br/>
I felt a bit bad for her, but Mel-san is the one giving us a ride, so we can’t complain.<br/>
“Waah, it is so high, Master!” (Momo)<br/>
“What an impressive sight! My wings can’t fly this high!” (Abel)<br/>
“Hmph, right? Right?” (Mel)<br/>
Momo and Hero Abel were getting merry. <br/>
Mel-san responds proudly to that.<br/>
As for me…<br/>
“…”<br/>
I am silent.<br/>
Cause it is super scary.<br/>
Even when I am using Clear Mind, it is still scary.<br/>
It is shaking a whole lot, and I can’t keep my eyes open because of the strong wind.<br/>
Eeh? …Is this going to be like this the whole time?<br/>
It is completely different from the comforting aerial travel of the Flying Ship…<br/>
But Momo and Abel seem to be having fun, so I can’t go ruining the fun here.<br/>
Gotta endure. Endure. <br/>
“Spirit User-kun, want me to fly a bit slower?” (Mel)<br/>
“…It would help me out.” (Makoto)<br/>
Mel-san noticed quickly. <br/>
As expected from the oldest one here, she is good at looking after others.<br/>
Thanks to Mel-san slowing down a bit, I finally managed to speak.<br/>
I spoke to the two while making sure not to look down too much.<br/>
“You haven’t gone to Laphroaig, right, Makoto-san?” (Abel)<br/>
Hero Abel asked me this while we were talking.<br/>
I was about to answer ‘I have’, but I hurriedly covered my mouth.<br/>
“Of course I haven’t.” (Makoto)<br/>
The one I have gone to is the capital of Laphroaig 1,000 years in the future.<br/>
Ruins with nothing in it. <br/>
“Actually, I have wanted to go there this whole time. I have only heard this in rumors, but it is the Holy City that has escaped from the threat of the demon lord army. I wonder what kind of place it is.” (Abel)<br/>
“Yeah…” (Makoto)<br/>
My heavy response contrasted the sparkling eyes of expectation from Abel.<br/>
The reason why Laphroaig is prospering is because it is connected to the demon lord army. <br/>
According to the picture book, the one who discovers this is Hero Abel.<br/>
I brought him with me because I can’t separate from him, but I don’t know what will happen…<br/>
“Master, it is impossible to do fire magic training here!” (Momo)<br/>
Momo protested at my side.<br/>
Being at the back of Mel-san, the wind was strong, and the fire ended up being blown out. <br/>
By the way, I am also continuing my water and destiny magic training.<br/>
“Then, let’s try a different spell. If it is earth magic or wood magic, you should be able to use it, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
I proposed different spells to Momo.<br/>
“Uuuh…so you won’t say don’t train while we are moving, huh…” (Momo)<br/>
“Isn’t it the other way around? There’s no other thing to do here aside from training, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
My disciple was saying something that made no sense.<br/>
You are supposed to be the future Great Sage-sama.<br/>
At that moment, I remembered something important.<br/>
“White Dragon-san, can you please teach Teleport to Momo?” (Makoto)<br/>
I shouted to Mel-san in this situation where it is hard to talk because of the wind.<br/>
“Hm? Me teaching? I don’t really mind.” (Mel)<br/>
“Why all of a sudden, Master?” (Momo)<br/>
“Cause I can’t teach it to you. But you have the Sage Skill, so you can use it, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
The Great Sage-sama is one of the few prominent users of Teleport in the continent in the future. <br/>
That’s why Momo should have the talent. <br/>
“Then, in the time we are free, I will teach you Destiny Magic.” (Mel)<br/>
“Y-Yes… I now have two masters.” (Momo)<br/>
“This is my first time teaching a human…no, a half-vampire. Fufu, I am strict, you know?” (Mel)<br/>
“Uuh, please be gentle.” (Momo)<br/>
Mel-san really is good at looking after others.<br/>
She was loved by the Ancient Dragons in Laberintos too. <br/>
She was like their big sis. <br/>
As expected of the 10,000 year old Ancient Dragon.<br/>
But when I talk about her age, she glares at me, so it looks like I shouldn’t be saying that.<br/>
“Makoto-san, what should I do?” (Abel)<br/>
Hero Abel asks something weird.<br/>
I can’t say anything to the legendary Savior Abel as if I am his superior though…<br/>
“Uhm…I am not a swordsman, so I can’t teach you anything, Abel-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I…see…” (Abel)<br/>
He seemed a bit sad. <br/>
—At that moment, the words Fuji-yan told me a long time ago surfaced in my mind.<br/>
“Listen here, Takki-dono. At the times when there’s more than 3 friends, the conversation topics should preferably be ‘shared knowledge’-desu zo. We get heated up when talking about games, but if a person without much knowledge of games were to mix into the group, they would feel left out. It is important to have other knowledge.” (Fuji)<br/>
“I see.” (Makoto)<br/>
As expected of the communication master Fuji-yan. <br/>
It really helps out. <br/>
“Therefore, Takki-dono must also learn to understand the greatness of beast ears-desu zo!” (Fuji)<br/>
Looks like he simply wanted to talk about his tastes. <br/>
It didn’t help out. <br/>
“I feel like people who like beast ears are also knowledgeable about games though… This is my preconception though.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Muh, now that you mention it, that does sound true.” (Fuji)<br/>
It was that kind of pointless talk.<br/>
I still continued not understanding the greatness of beast ears even after that.<br/>
Anyways…<br/>
Momo, Mel-san, and I were having heated conversations about magic.<br/>
Only Hero Abel isn’t participating in the talk.<br/>
That’s not good.<br/>
“Can you teach me Sun Magic? I recently got the Skill and I am not used to it.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Me teaching you…? Got it! Leave it to me!” (Abel)<br/>
The face of Abel brightened up.<br/>
That was the right route.<br/>
“Then, I will show you my magic first.” (Makoto)<br/>
“R-Right now?!” (Abel)<br/>
“Hey, you people, don’t go messing up your magic on my back, okay…?” (Mel)<br/>
Mel-san warned us, and continued our journey in the sky. <br/>
◇Hero Abel POV◇<br/>
It was now night, and Helemerck-sama said that she was tired, so we decided on camping. <br/>
Makoto-san caught fishes from the river, and Momo-chan cooked.<br/>
I was thinking about helping out in something, but Makoto-san said ‘It is okay, just rest’, so I now have nothing to do.<br/>
After everyone had dinner, it was decided that we would be resting in shifts. <br/>
“Then, you go first, Abel-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Master, you are wobbling. Please rest.” (Momo)<br/>
“Spirit User-kun, you are the one that’s the most tired. Rest.” (Mel)<br/>
“Got it…” (Makoto)<br/>
Looks like Makoto-san had used quite the amount of stamina from riding the White Dragon-sama. <br/>
He lied down, and it didn’t take long for him to fall asleep. <br/>
“I will too!” (Momo) <br/>
Momo-chan slipped into the blanket of Makoto-san and she seemed to be sleeping peacefully too. <br/>
She looked like a little sister that’s looking to be spoilt by her brother. <br/>
The ones remaining were me and the White Dragon-sama. <br/>
By the way, the figure of the White Dragon-sama is currently not that of a dragon but a human woman.<br/>
“…”<br/>
“…”<br/>
There’s no conversation. <br/>
This is awkward. <br/>
The White Dragon-sama speaks to me as if breaking the silence. <br/>
“By the way, why is it that you are currently in your female form…your Heaven Winged Folk form? Isn’t it a form you should be hiding?” (Mel)<br/>
“There’s only people who know about my secret here, after all… Also, it is easier on me to be in this form at night. I return to my male form in the morning though…” (Anna)<br/>
“Fumu, a mixed race constitution, huh. Must be tough on you.” (Mel)<br/>
“Yeah… I have been wary of my surroundings at all times so as to not be caught. It has been a while since I have been able to stay in my natural form.” (Anna)<br/>
I say this as I glanced at the sleeping face of Makoto-san.<br/>
It hasn’t been that long since I met him.<br/>
But Makoto-san has been surprising me left and right. <br/>
I should follow him.<br/>
I am sure everything will go well if I believe in him.<br/>
My thoughts naturally flowed in that direction. <br/>
“This man…is in a precarious state.” (Mel)<br/>
The White Dragon-sama muttered.<br/>
I almost failed to pick that up.<br/>
In a precarious state? <br/>
Makoto-san? <br/>
Even though he is this strong? <br/>
I looked at the White Dragon-sama in surprise.<br/>
“What, Human Hero-kun. Don’t you think so too? Could it be that you were thinking that everything would go well if you were to follow the Spirit User-kun?” (Mel)<br/>
“?!” <br/>
She grinned.<br/>
I felt like the White Dragon-sama had seen through the very depths of my heart. I fell silent. <br/>
Why is she saying something like that? <br/>
“White Dragon-sama… Please tell me what you mean by that.” (Anna)<br/>
“Don’t raise your voice. The two will wake up… This is purely my opinion, so there’s no guarantee I am right. You still want to hear it despite that?” (Mel)<br/>
“Please do…” (Anna)<br/>
“Alright.” (Mel)<br/>
Saying this, what the legendary White Dragon-sama told me was plenty enough to shock me. <br/>
 