[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c245](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/03/08/wm-chapter-245-takatsuki-makoto-is-bewildered-by-abel/)
<br/><br/>
“Makoto-san, let’s train in sun magic!” (Abel)<br/>
“O-Okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
The amount of times Hero Abel speaks to me since yesterday has increased. <br/>
The second day since we began travelling. <br/>
Today the weather was bad, so we ended up camping early. <br/>
While we were searching for a place to escape the wind and rain, Mel-san said ‘what a pain’ and made a house with wood magic.<br/>
What’s with that? That’s super convenient. <br/>
After we finished eating, it was now free time…or not. We decided to train.<br/>
“Here, little one. We are going to train on teleport. First, have an accurate grasp of your own coordinates and the coordinates you want to teleport to. If you mess this up, you will end up being sent outside the planet.” (Mel)<br/>
“I-I don’t even understand what you are saying!” (Momo)<br/>
“Let me show you first. You try to copy that after.” (Mel)<br/>
“Eeh?! There’s no detailed explanation?!” (Momo)<br/>
“Don’t think, feel!” (Mel)<br/>
“That’s impossible!” (Momo)<br/>
Mel-san is teaching Momo magic.<br/>
I don’t understand advanced destiny magic, but I can hear a high level sounding conversation. <br/>
I’m so jealous.<br/>
“Makoto-san, I will synchronize with you now and use sun magic, so get a feel of it, okay?” (Abel)<br/>
“O-Okay…Abel-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
So close.<br/>
I was a bit flustered by the change of his attitude.<br/>
“That’s not it, Makoto-san.” (Abel)<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I told you to call me Anna when in this form.” (Anna)<br/>
“Y-Yes, Anna-san. I will be in your care.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yes! Same here, Makoto-san.” (Anna)<br/>
Hero Abel was all smiles in front of me…I mean, Holy Maiden Anna.<br/>
Right, Abel is currently in her female form.<br/>
“Why…are you in that form?” (Makoto)<br/>
“When I am using magic, it is easier in my Heaven Winged Folk form.” (Anna)<br/>
“The Heaven Winged Folk are a race that excel in magic. They wouldn’t fall behind demons.” (Mel)<br/>
Mel-san commented while she was instructing Momo.<br/>
As expected from the knowledgeable Mel-san.<br/>
“I see…” (Makoto)<br/>
I observe the winged Anna in front of me.<br/>
I have said it several times already, but she is the spitting image of Princess Noel.<br/>
Her way of speaking and her gestures are different, but I can’t help but be reminded of the princess of Highland. <br/>
I find it hard to handle. <br/>
“Makoto-san, is there something on my face?” (Anna)<br/>
“Ah…” (Makoto)<br/>
Oops.<br/>
Seems like I was looking at her face too much.<br/>
After pondering for a bit, I decided to be honest. <br/>
“You look similar to an acquaintance of mine.” (Makoto)<br/>
“An acquaintance?” (Anna)<br/>
It is not a lie.<br/>
I can’t tell her it is her descendant. <br/>
Anna then placed a finger on her cheek and went ‘hmm’.<br/>
When her gender changes, the air around her is different from Abel. <br/>
She must have thought of something, she made a teasing face.<br/>
“Could it be that it is the ‘person you like’, Makoto-san?” (Anna)<br/>
She directed a gaze as if peeking through me.<br/>
“Eh?! Master! What does that mean?!” (Momo)<br/>
“Oi, little one! You are in the middle of training.” (Mel)<br/>
The White Dragon-san couldn’t stop Momo, and she jumped here.<br/>
“You like beauties like Anna-sama?!” (Momo)<br/>
Momo pushes on over here as if agitated.<br/>
“M-Momo-chan?! I am not a beauty!” (Anna)<br/>
Anna-san hurriedly denies it.<br/>
I sighed.<br/>
I agree that Anna-san is beautiful, but that’s not it.<br/>
“Anna-san looks similar to a fiance of a childhood friend of mine.” (Makoto)<br/>
“What… So that’s what it was.” (Anna)<br/>
Anna mutters as if unamused.<br/>
“I-I see… Master doesn’t have a girlfriend after all.” (Momo)<br/>
“What?” (Makoto)<br/>
Momo placed a hand on her chest in relief.<br/>
That’s rude.<br/>
“I do have.” (Makoto)<br/>
Lucy, who I promised to return to, is my girlfriend.<br/>
Sa-san, Sofia, and Princess…wait, there’s a lot.<br/>
I should not say the names and numbers.<br/>
For some reason, I felt that was for the best.<br/>
“““?!”””<br/>
I don’t know why, but the 3 made shocked expressions.<br/>
What’s with that?<br/>
“Makoto-san…it is not like I am doubting you, but…is it true that you have a girlfriend?” (Anna)<br/>
“Why are you doubting me?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Cause you know…” (Anna)<br/>
Anna fidgets as if finding it hard to say.<br/>
I am not lying here that I am in a relationship.<br/>
I am a Country Designated Hero in the future. <br/>
I was pretty decently popular…I think.<br/>
“You are a [Virgin], so that Heaven Winged Folk there was trying to say that maybe you are just putting a front here.” (Mel)<br/>
The White Dragon-san muttered this.<br/>
“Wa?!” (Makoto)<br/>
Why do they know that?! <br/>
“That’s right! I have been taught about vampires by White Dragon Master! The taste of Master is special! A mellow scent and a texture like velvet; that’s the taste of a virgin!” (Momo)<br/>
“Oi.” (Makoto)<br/>
Don’t go into such pointless detail like a connoisseur. <br/>
What’s even velvet texture?! <br/>
And what about the one who gave unnecessary knowledge to Momo…?<br/>
I glared at Mel-san, and she averted her gaze.<br/>
“That’s right. Our King has a pure body. He hasn’t partaken in any dirty acts.” (Dia)<br/>
Even the Great Water Spirit came out. <br/>
Y-You people…! <br/>
Even with Clear Mind, I was trembling.<br/>
“Why does everyone know?!” (Makoto)<br/>
This is the loudest I have shouted since coming to the past.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
– Holders of Appraisal: White Dragon-san and Holy Maiden Anna.<br/>
– Can tell from drinking the blood: Great Sage-sama Momo.<br/>
– Can somewhat tell: Great Water Spirit Dia.<br/>
According to my investigation, it seems my virginity was clear as day. <br/>
There was no privacy with these people…<br/>
Or more like, what’s that about ‘can somewhat tell’, Dia…<br/>
“P-Please don’t get angry, Makoto-san…” (Anna)<br/>
“I am not angry.” (Makoto)<br/>
Anna had come talk to me nervously while I was hanging my head down. <br/>
I recovered from the shock and decided to continue training.<br/>
We continued training for a while in silence.<br/>
There was no conversation, so I was the one who spoke.<br/>
“It is unfair that I am the only one getting my secret exposed, so tell me a secret of yours too, Anna-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“My secret?” (Anna)<br/>
When I said this with narrowed eyes, she moved her head restlessly as if flustered.<br/>
“U-Uhm…then, I have the Sun Oracle Skill!” (Anna)<br/>
“Yeah, you do.” (Makoto)<br/>
I know.<br/>
Or more like, even toddlers would know that the Holy Maiden Anna is a Sun Oracle in the future.<br/>
“You are not surprised at all!” (Anna)<br/>
“Anything else?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Uuuh…something else, huh.” (Anna)<br/>
“Now that I think about it…” (Makoto)<br/>
I suddenly noticed.<br/>
Holy Maiden Anna = Hero Abel; that skill that she <br/>
should have<br/>
.<br/>
I have not heard her say it properly. <br/>
“Can you please tell me what Skills you have, Anna-san? <br/>
All of them<br/>
.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Y-Yeah…I don’t mind.” (Anna)<br/>
I heard the name of powerful Skills one after the other from Anna’s mouth.<br/>
“That’s all.” (Anna)<br/>
“Any other?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh? No, it is only those.” (Anna)<br/>
“Can you confirm once again? Please look at your Soul Book properly.” (Makoto)<br/>
“O-Okay, got it. …Eh?!” (Anna)<br/>
The eyes of Anna opened wide.<br/>
“L-Light Hero Skill… Just what in the world is this?” (Anna)<br/>
“So you do.” (Makoto)<br/>
The magic sword that managed to cut away the sacred treasure armor of Demon Lord Cain.<br/>
The rainbow shining blade<br/>
. <br/>
A rainbow light signifies <br/>
God Rank<br/>
 or <br/>
power corresponding to God Rank<br/>
.<br/>
It is just as Althena-sama taught me.<br/>
The only one who can use that magic sword is the Light Hero.<br/>
“Makoto-san! How did you know I had a new Skill?!” (Anna)<br/>
“Hm? Uhm…” (Makoto)<br/>
Anna closed in with an incredibly threatening attitude.<br/>
“An oracle from Althena-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Makoto-san, do you think I will believe anything if you just say that?” (Anna)<br/>
“Not really.” (Makoto)<br/>
I shook a bit there.<br/>
Abel/Anna-san is gullible after all.<br/>
I thought that it would be okay if I just said it was an oracle.<br/>
“Makoto-san, is the oracle thing true? Aren’t you hiding something from me?” (Anna)<br/>
For some reason, it ended up with me being interrogated.<br/>
This is not good.<br/>
“A-Ask Althena-sama about it then. You are the Sun Oracle after all.” (Makoto)<br/>
The Oracle can hear the voice of their God.<br/>
It may be a story of the future, but it is without doubt the truth that I did receive the words from Althena-sama. <br/>
It would be faster to just confirm with the person herself.<br/>
“That’s…I can’t do it.” (Anna)<br/>
“Why?” (Makoto)<br/>
I could somewhat tell, but I still ask in case.<br/>
“The Pitch Black Clouds…are covering the sky, so the light of the sun doesn’t reach, and I can’t hear the voice of the Sun Goddess Althena-sama… I am a useless Oracle.” (Anna)<br/>
She lowered her head dejected.<br/>
Looks like she is depressed by this.<br/>
“Then, it can’t be helped. Once there’s the chance, try asking her. There’s no doubt I received the oracle of Althena-sama, so please believe me.” (Makoto)<br/>
I try to say this in the brightest tone possible.<br/>
“Okay…” (Anna)<br/>
“We got deviated there. Let’s continue training.” (Makoto)<br/>
I say this and wrap it up.<br/>
Hero Abel being aware of her Light Hero Skill is a good thing. <br/>
But the Light Hero Skill is like a car without gasoline when there’s no sunlight. <br/>
We have to solve that issue. <br/>
Just when I was thinking this…<br/>
“Uhm…about my secret…” (Anna)<br/>
Anna approached me.<br/>
Her face is a bit red.<br/>
“It is okay. You already told me your Skills, so we are even.” (Makoto)<br/>
“No…I am sorry for learning a personal secret of yours without your permission…” (Anna)<br/>
“I don’t really mind.” (Makoto)<br/>
The Great Sage-sama, the White Dragon-san, and the Great Water Spirit know it too anyways.<br/>
There’s no point in caring about it at this point… Haha…<br/>
“Uhm…I also have no experience.” (Anna)<br/>
“…?” <br/>
For a second, I didn’t understand what she was saying.<br/>
“I am…also a virgin.” (Anna)<br/>
She whispered in my ear with her face bright red.<br/>
“…?!” (Makoto)<br/>
What is this Holy Maiden whispering to me?! <br/>
“We match.” (Anna)<br/>
“Y-Yeah.” (Makoto)<br/>
I nodded.<br/>
“L-Let’s train!” (Anna)<br/>
“R-Right!” (Makoto)<br/>
The magic training that day felt a bit awkward.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
The next day the rain had cleared, and we aimed for our objective on the back of Mel-san.<br/>
“Let’s get down around here.” (Mel)<br/>
Mel-san says this and we landed.<br/>
When I used Farsight, I could see big ramparts afar.<br/>
The ramparts were a first, but I do recognize this area a bit.<br/>
There was no city at that time, and it was just a vast plain and ruins on the verge of collapsing.<br/>
But what was in front of us was a big fortress city, and a breathtaking castle was standing tall there.<br/>
We have arrived at the capital of the Moon Country, Cornet. <br/>
Previous Chapter<br/>
 l <br/>
Next Chapter<br/>
 <br/>
 