[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c247](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/03/09/wm-chapter-247-takatsuki-makoto-meets-them-again/)
<br/><br/>
“Please come over here.” <br/>
The suspicious person that spoke to us guided us deeper and deeper into the city. <br/>
“Makoto-san…is it okay to follow them?” (Abel)<br/>
“Isn’t there a chance that this is…a trap, Master?” (Momo)<br/>
“It is most likely okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
Hero Abel and Momo said this in worry, but I had an inkling of what’s going on here.<br/>
The crest at the back of the hand of the robed person that spoke to me…<br/>
isn’t from the Moon Goddess Naia-sama <br/>
that’s the religion of Laphroaig.<br/>
That crest is…<br/>
(Dia, please be ready for battle just in case.) (Makoto)<br/>
(Yes, Our King.) (Dia)<br/>
I speak to Dia just in case. <br/>
“Hey, Spirit User-kun. Does Takatsuki refer to you?” (Mel)<br/>
“It is my family name, Mel-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hooh…so you had a family name? Could it be that you are a noble from the East Continent?” (Mel)<br/>
“Wrong.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Muh, so that’s not it, huh.” (Mel)<br/>
She told me not to tell her my identity, but it seems like she does have an interest in it.<br/>
Momo joined in that conversation. <br/>
“Master, why were you hiding your family name?” (Momo)<br/>
“Well, various circumstances. Call me as you have always had until now, Momo.” (Makoto)<br/>
“O-Okay… Uuh, Master has a lot of mysteries.” (Momo)<br/>
“…More hidden information about Makoto-san… There’s even more hidden…” (Abel)<br/>
“Abel-san? Did you say something?” (Makoto)<br/>
“N-No, it is nothing!” (Abel)<br/>
While we were having that casual talk, we had at some point come to a dark street corner -a slum-looking place.<br/>
Every part of Laphroaig’s capital had a bright atmosphere, but it is not like everything is assured to be that way. <br/>
 The place we were guided to was a building that looked like they were part of some ruins. <br/>
It was in tatters on the outside, but it was clean on the inside. <br/>
We advanced through the corridor that was illuminated by candles.<br/>
There was a big door shone on by the light of the moon.<br/>
“Master-sama is waiting at the other side.” <br/>
The robed woman said this and left. <br/>
Hero Abel and Momo looked nervous. <br/>
The White Dragon-san was as usual.<br/>
I slowly open the door. <br/>
◇◇<br/>
“I have been waiting, Heroes.” <br/>
What was reflected in our eyes after opening the door was a shrine-looking place for worship, and there’s one woman at the rostrum in the deepest part of the room.<br/>
Is she in her late teens?<br/>
Her small but well sculpted appearance was like that of a beautiful doll.<br/>
Her eyes that gave off a slightly cold impression were looking down at us.<br/>
This is obviously our first time meeting, but I felt like she resembled a certain someone. <br/>
“I am Takatsuki Makoto.” (Makoto)<br/>
I slowly approach that person and introduce myself.<br/>
“Yes, I know. I have heard of you from the Destiny Goddess Ira-sama. I am the Destiny Oracle, Esther.” <br/>
““?!””<br/>
Abel and Momo made surprised faces.<br/>
The White Dragon-san seemed to be slightly surprised too.<br/>
The Destiny Oracle…Esther-sama…huh.<br/>
So the name of the Oracle 1,000 years ago is the same.<br/>
Is it the kind that inherits the name each generation? <br/>
“Go ahead and take a seat.” (Esther)<br/>
I was offered to take a seat, and I sat at the very front seat of the rostrum.<br/>
Momo who sat by my side had her body stiff from the tension.<br/>
Now then, we finally met, so I have a mountain of things to ask. <br/>
“Uhm…by the way, I want to speak to Ira-sama…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Wait for a bit. Let’s begin with the Hero first.” (Esther)<br/>
She gave a sweeping glance at us.<br/>
The Oracle-sama went down from the platform and approached Hero Abel.<br/>
“Hero Abel, it must have been a rough journey. It is a delight to see you have come all the way here.” (Esther)<br/>
“Y-Yes… Makoto-san saved me when I was in trouble.” (Abel)<br/>
“Please put your hand out.” (Esther)<br/>
Hero Abel did as told and brought his hand out. <br/>
A few seconds after, Oracle Esther touches it. <br/>
What is she doing?<br/>
“Fumu, I see.” (Esther)<br/>
“Uhm…Oracle-sama?” (Abel)<br/>
Esther-san ignored Abel who had a dubious look.<br/>
“Next is the small Sage over there. You must have had it rough too.” (Esther)<br/>
“Y-Yes! But Master was with me!” (Momo)<br/>
“Master?” (Esther)<br/>
“Uhm, Makoto-sama and White Dragon Master!” (Momo)<br/>
The Oracle-sama looked at both me and the White Dragon-san in wonder. <br/>
She soon nodded as if reaching an understanding.<br/>
“Looks like you have been guided by good masters.” (Esther)<br/>
Saying this, she lightly touched the head of Momo.<br/>
“<br/>
Lastly<br/>
, the White Dragon Helemerck.” (Esther)<br/>
“Yes, Oracle-sama.” (Mel)<br/>
It is rare to see the White Dragon-san nervous.<br/>
Hm?<br/>
What about me?<br/>
“Oracle-sama, I have been helped out by Ira-sama in the past.” (Mel)<br/>
“Yes, Ira-sama remembers that. The Goddess is happy that the young dragon has become such a splendid one now.” (Esther)<br/>
“I am blessed to hear that…” (Mel)<br/>
The voice of the White Dragon-san was trembling slightly. <br/>
I see, so the White Dragon-san was acquainted with Ira-sama, huh.<br/>
In that case, I could have talked about Ira-sama.<br/>
Oracle Esther held the hand of the White Dragon-san for an instant just like Abel.<br/>
And then, she went up the rostrum again.<br/>
She didn’t come to me.<br/>
“Uhm~, Esther-sama?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Just calm down, you.” (Esther)<br/>
“O-Okay…” (Makoto)<br/>
She got angry. <br/>
There’s no need to say that in such an irritated tone…<br/>
While I was thinking that, I felt that this person…could it be…<br/>
“Now then, you all will be facing the Demon Lords, so your current equipment probably isn’t too reassuring. I have prepared your weapons here. Choose whichever you like.” (Esther)<br/>
After saying that, a number of robed people came in and began to line up weapons, shields, and armors. <br/>
Ooh…what’s with this fancy development?<br/>
There were weapons that look like they are made from mithril, and armor of sturdy material shining there. <br/>
“Uwaah…” (Abel)<br/>
“Wawa! It is sparkly, Master!” (Momo)<br/>
“Hooh…this is…” (Mel)<br/>
Hero Abel, Great Sage-sama, and the White Dragon-san opened their eyes wide.<br/>
That’s so nice. Is it okay for me to choose too?<br/>
The moment I was going to go there with unsteady steps, my sleeve was pulled.<br/>
When I look back, the one there was…<br/>
“Esther-sama?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Takatsuki Makoto, I have something to speak to you about separately. Come here.” (Esther)<br/>
“Only me?” (Makoto)<br/>
“That’s right, only you. Come already.” (Esther)<br/>
Saying this, the Destiny Oracle-sama left into a room deeper in.<br/>
“Wow, this mantle has protection magic for 4 elements!” (Abel)<br/>
“This was made from the mane of a Heaven Lion. Take it, Hero-kun.” (Mel) <br/>
“T-This is…?!” (Abel)<br/>
“White Dragon Master, I can feel overwhelming mana from this staff…” (Momo)<br/>
“That one is made from the branch of the World Tree. A person with half-assed mana wouldn’t be able to use it, but I think you would be okay, Little One.” (Mel)<br/>
“B-By World Tree, do you mean the one that shows up in myths?!” (Abel)<br/>
“The seedling of the World Tree is in the Floating Continent, so it isn’t that rare of a thing, you know? I would say processing it is harder.” (Mel)<br/>
“You know everything, White Dragon Master!” (Momo)<br/>
“I don’t know everything.” (Mel)<br/>
I could hear merry voices.<br/>
Mel-san was detailing everything.<br/>
The amount of information she has is outstanding.<br/>
I would also like to check out the weapons and armors with them…<br/>
“Takatsuki Makoto-sama, over here. The Oracle-sama is waiting.” <br/>
“…Yes.” (Makoto)<br/>
A robed person pushed me.<br/>
I had no choice but to go to the room.<br/>
It was a small room with no windows.<br/>
I could see the back of the Destiny Oracle standing there.<br/>
“Close the door.” (Esther)<br/>
The Oracle-sama said.<br/>
“Yes.” <br/>
The robed person closed the door.<br/>
A loud sound was made from the door closing.<br/>
With this, this room is a completely sealed room.<br/>
So secure…<br/>
This is not a trap, right?<br/>
I feel a bit uneasy here.<br/>
“Uhm, Oracle-sama, what did you want to talk about…?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Takatsuki Makotoooooo!!” (Esther)<br/>
The next instant, the Destiny Oracle<br/>
 hugged me<br/>
.<br/>
 