[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c249](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/03/12/wm-chapter-249-takatsuki-makotos-desire/)
<br/><br/>
Sponsored Chapter!<br/>
“Can I meet Noah-sama…?” (Makoto)<br/>
Those were the words that unconsciously came out from my mouth. <br/>
This loneliness that I have felt this whole time since coming to the past. <br/>
If only I could get a glance of Noah-sama…<br/>
“Figures…” (Ira)<br/>
Ira-sama looked at me as if pitying me. <br/>
I can’t tell if this request is difficult to grant. <br/>
As far as I could see from Eir-sama, she seemed to be able to easily come in and out of Noah’s place. <br/>
“…Takatsuki Makoto, about your request…” (Ira)<br/>
Ira-sama crossed her arms and made a complicated expression.<br/>
What will it be…?<br/>
I could feel my heart beating faster as I waited for the answer of Ira-sama. <br/>
“…The Noah of this era is…<br/>
scary<br/>
.” (Ira)<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
An unexpected response came back.<br/>
That kind Noah-sama is…scary?<br/>
“No, she is only kind to you since you are her believer… The Noah of the future has become a lot less thorny to an unbelievable extent, and Eir-oneesama nonchalantly goes there to hang out, but…unless I have some business there, I definitely wouldn’t be going to the Deep Sea Temple… I had to go no matter what despite not wanting that time before though.” (Ira)<br/>
“Ah, now that you mention it, you don’t get along with Noah-sama, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
I think I heard something like that from Eir-sama.<br/>
When I said this, Ira-sama made a hard to describe expression.<br/>
“You really said that straight to my face… That’s right. I am the youngest child of the Olympians, and everyone would spoil me, but when Noah is present, they would all go to her… Even though she only has a good outside mask, but her insides are the worst…” (Ira)<br/>
“Uhm~…Ira-sama?” (Makoto)<br/>
I stop the Goddess-sama who is mumbling dark stuff. <br/>
“…I was talking to myself there. Forget about it.” (Ira)<br/>
“Okay…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Well, you could say we don’t get along, but the Divinity of Noah and I are completely different. Noah is on the same level as Althena-oneesama, so I would be no match against her.” (Ira)<br/>
“I see…” (Makoto)<br/>
It doesn’t click with me, but is she saying that Noah-sama is stronger?<br/>
“That’s right. In this era, Noah is on the side of the Devil Gods, so if I were to make contact with her thoughtlessly, it might turn around with her sending Demon Lord Cain and wiping us all out.” (Ira)<br/>
“…I wouldn’t like that.” (Makoto)<br/>
“If you want to talk to Noah, you would have to bring Demon Lord Cain into your allies, but…Hero Abel wouldn’t allow that…” (Ira)<br/>
“All routes closed off…” (Makoto)<br/>
So I really can’t contact Noah easily, huh…<br/>
There’s no other choice but to go directly to the Deep Sea Temple then?<br/>
The moment my shoulders drooped…<br/>
Ira-sama approached me and brushed my cheek gently. <br/>
“Takatsuki Makoto…if you so wish, shall I grant you the title of the Destiny Goddess’s Hero? Not only that, I would put my whole heart and soul in supporting you as my Apostle.” (Ira)<br/>
“I-Ira-sama…?” (Makoto)<br/>
I was flustered by the sudden change in her tone, and tried to take a step back.<br/>
But the hand of the Goddess had wrapped around my waist, and she pulled me onto her. <br/>
Her warm breath was hitting my ear.<br/>
“It must be lonely in this era, right? I -the Destiny Goddess- am the only one who understands you, you know?” (Ira)<br/>
“That’s…” (Makoto)<br/>
That might be true. <br/>
I am a foreign being in this era. <br/>
An irregular that came from a peaceful world. <br/>
In the first place, our sense of values is different. <br/>
Even when I say we should defeat the Great Demon Lord, most people wouldn’t even take me seriously. <br/>
That’s why I always felt isolated. <br/>
“You are doing well by yourself. But aren’t you already reaching your limit? Don’t you think it would be better to rely on someone?” (Ira)<br/>
“…That’s…” (Makoto)<br/>
Until now, I had Noah-sama, Lucy, Sa-san…<br/>
Comrades that would help me, and friends that would support me…<br/>
Having come to the past…I feel a bit lonely. <br/>
“Hey, Takatsuki Makoto…how about you <br/>
change<br/>
 from Noah to me?” (Ira)<br/>
Those words sounded like sweet honey. <br/>
“Y-You must not! Our King!!” (Dia)<br/>
A flustered voice resonated.<br/>
The sudden interloper was Dia.<br/>
“Oh my, the Great Water Spirit Undine. You were here?” (Ira)<br/>
“G-Get away, you Goddess! O-Our King…there’s no way that you would abandon me—” (Dia)<br/>
“I won’t. Ira-sama was simply teasing me.” (Makoto)<br/>
When I said this, Ira-sama let go of her hand that was wrapped around my waist, and took a step back from me. <br/>
“Good grief. Here I am going so far to tempt you… At least be a bit flustered.” (Ira)<br/>
“Sadly for you, Noah-sama is my only one.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Kuh! That Goddess!” (Ira)<br/>
So she really was joking there. <br/>
Even so, Dia, who normally takes a haughty attitude, is being docile in front of Ira-sama.<br/>
Ira-sama must have read my mind, she speaks.<br/>
“Must be a memory of the Divine Realm War. The Spirits can’t deal with Holy Gods.” (Ira)<br/>
“I see~.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I-It is not that I am scared! You must not lend an ear to the cajolery of this Goddess, Our King!” (Dia)<br/>
Saying this, Dia disappeared.<br/>
It looks like she really can’t handle Ira-sama.<br/>
“Please don’t bully Dia too much, okay?” (Makoto)<br/>
“I know. Well, it would have gone smoother if you had converted to me, but put this on instead.” (Ira)<br/>
Saying this, she gave me a necklace that seems to be made of something that looks like silver.<br/>
Now that I look closely, it is like a clock…wait, it IS a clock.<br/>
“What is this? Could it be that I can stop time if I wear th—” (Makoto)<br/>
“Sorry to inform you, but that’s not the case. That’s a communication device to me.” (Ira)<br/>
“Communication device?” (Makoto)<br/>
I tilted my head for a second at those words that didn’t suit an isekai.<br/>
A communication device…huh.<br/>
In other words…<br/>
“I can talk to you whenever with this?” (Makoto)<br/>
“That’s right. I can’t go together with you, so if there’s any problems, contact me with this.” (Ira)<br/>
“Oooh!” (Makoto)<br/>
That’s reassuring.<br/>
It is the support of the Destiny Goddess that can see the future after all.<br/>
“I look forward to working with you from now on.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yes, same here, Takatsuki Makoto. It is about time we go back to your comrades.” (Ira)<br/>
“Okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
Ira-sama and I went back to the worship hall where the Great Sage-sama is at.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“Master! Look!” (Momo)<br/>
“…Ooh.” (Makoto)<br/>
Momo tottered her way here with a rustic robe and jingling magic tools.<br/>
“Isn’t that hard to walk in?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Is it…?” (Momo)<br/>
The dejected Momo looked cute, so I ruffled her hair. <br/>
“Makoto-san, did you finish your talk?” (Abel)<br/>
“That was long, Spirit User-kun.” (Mel)<br/>
Hero Abel and the White Dragon-san came over too.<br/>
They have also readied their equipment decently.<br/>
“I have finished the talk. Abel-san, did you find a good Holy Sword?” (Makoto)<br/>
I ask for the situation of our original objective that is securing a weapon. <br/>
But Hero Abel was finding it hard to talk.<br/>
Eh?<br/>
It seemed like there were a variety of magic weapons within the things that Ira-sama prepared.<br/>
“Spirit User-kun, the magic weapons here were all the top of the top, but there was no Holy Sword.” (Mel)<br/>
“I have taken a magic sword made of mithril. It is far better than the weapon I had, but as the White Dragon-sama says, it is no Holy Sword.” (Abel)<br/>
“I see…” (Makoto)<br/>
I look at the sword of Hero Abel.<br/>
In my eyes, that thing looks like quite the strong magic sword though… It is apparently lacking for a Hero.<br/>
I see. This is troubling.<br/>
But right now we have a strong advisor.<br/>
“What should we do?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Hmph, leave it to me.” (Ira)<br/>
Oracle Esther -who has Ira-sama inside- pushed out her chest with confidence.<br/>
“Head to the Ascraeus Sacred Mountain. The summit of the Ascraeus Mountain is higher than even the Pitch Black Clouds; at that place that’s the closest to the heavens, there’s a Sun Temple. At that place, you can hear the voice of Althena-one—Althena-sama. If you do that, you will be able to obtain assistance to defeat the Demon Lords.” (Ira)<br/>
She said solemnly. <br/>
Hero Abel, the White Dragon-san, and the Great Sage-sama were listening seriously to it. <br/>
But I got a bit worried there.<br/>
She was about to say Onee-sama there, wasn’t she?<br/>
(…Ira-sama, your actual personality is leaking.) (Makoto)<br/>
I looked at Ira-sama with narrowed eyes.<br/>
(Ignore it.) (Ira)<br/>
Were the kind of eyes she glared at me with.<br/>
Is this really going to be okay?<br/>
Believing in the words of this airheaded Goddess…<br/>
I sighed lightly.<br/>
Well, even with that…this is a lot easier on me than the time when I was completely alone in this era.<br/>
Looks like our objective has been decided.<br/>
“But how are we going to leave the city?” (Abel)<br/>
Abel asked while we were packing up.<br/>
 