[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c251](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/03/14/wm-chapter-251-takatsuki-makoto-meets-the-calamity-witch/)
<br/><br/>
-Calamity Witch, Nevia<br/>
.<br/>
The person that’s said to be the traitor of humanity in the history of the West Continent. <br/>
Also, the Moon Oracle of the Dark Era.<br/>
“We are surrounded, Spirit User-kun.” (Mel)<br/>
“Looks like it.” (Makoto)<br/>
From the shadows of the plaza, knights in black armor were showing up one after the other.<br/>
The ones in black armor are Templars of the Moon Country…I think.<br/>
Why did we get surrounded as if they had been waiting for us?<br/>
The innkeeper must have informed them about us after seeing we were leaving. <br/>
There’s no point in thinking about it at this time.<br/>
I was worried that our secret meeting with Ira-sama has also been exposed. <br/>
I lightly held the necklace that I had on.<br/>
(Ira-sama~, hello. Can you hear me?) (Makoto)<br/>
(…What’s the matter, Takatsuki Makoto? At an hour like this… Have you escaped from the capital?) (Ira)<br/>
I heard a sleepy voice.<br/>
Was she sleeping?<br/>
What a worry-free Goddess-sama.<br/>
(We are currently surrounded by the knights of the Moon Queen.) (Makoto)<br/>
(Wa?! Are you okay?! What are you going to do?!) (Ira)<br/>
(We will manage here somehow. Be careful too, Ira-sama.) (Makoto)<br/>
(W-Wait! Are you really o—) (Ira)<br/>
I cut off the thought transmission.<br/>
“So, can you tell us your names?” (Nevia)<br/>
Saying this, Queen Nevia’s eyes shone golden.<br/>
This is bad!<br/>
“Momo, don’t look! Mel-san!” (Makoto)<br/>
“I know!” (Mel)<br/>
I hurriedly covered the eyes of Momo, and the White Dragon-san covered the eyes of Hero Abel.<br/>
“Are you okay, Mel-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
“No…it takes my everything to go against the eyes of that woman… To think the Charm of a human could be this powerful…” (Mel)<br/>
The White Dragon-san was sweating bullets.<br/>
What a fearsome Charm user.<br/>
“Spirit User-kun, you as well. This is not a level of Charm that a human can go against…” (Mel)<br/>
“Charm doesn’t work on me at all, so it is okay.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…You really are full of mysteries.” (Mel)<br/>
Mel-san smiled wryly. <br/>
“My eyes are not working…?” (Nevia)<br/>
The Moon Queen opened her eyes wide in slight surprise.<br/>
Those eyes are shining golden.<br/>
“Queen-sama, actually, we have urgent matters we have to attend to. Please forgive us for leaving the city at this hour.” (Makoto)<br/>
I don’t think she will be letting us go obediently, but I tried to just in case.<br/>
“That reaction despite looking into my eyes this whole time… I am interested in you. I want to have a long talk with you. I welcome you.” (Nevia)<br/>
The exact moment she said this, the black knights all ran at us at once.<br/>
“Mel-san! Let’s run!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Spirit User-kun! Buy 10 seconds!” (Mel)<br/>
“Got it!” (Makoto)<br/>
The White Dragon-san and I exchange a short talk.<br/>
“Time Magic: [Mind Accel].” (Makoto)<br/>
I accelerate my thoughts.<br/>
“E-Eh?” (Momo)<br/>
“Uhm! What’s going on?” (Abel)<br/>
“You two, stay put.” (Makoto)<br/>
Momo and Hero Abel-san were confused with their eyes still covered, but there’s no time to explain.<br/>
“Dia!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yes, Our King!” (Dia)<br/>
Even in the time I was calling the Great Water Spirit, the black knights were approaching.<br/>
“Water Magic: [Mist].” (Makoto)<br/>
When I shouted this, a mist so thick that one wouldn’t even be able to see 50cm ahead of them covered the place.<br/>
I use Stealth, and I could tell that the black knights had stopped on their tracks and were confused.<br/>
3 seconds<br/>
.<br/>
“XXXXXXX (Get rid of it, Wind Spirit).” <br/>
I heard Spirit Language, and the Mist was blown away in an instant.<br/>
The one who chanted that was a black armor knight that stood out within all those knights and had <br/>
divine<br/>
 armor.<br/>
(Geh! Demon Lord Cain!) (Makoto)<br/>
The Apostle of Noah-sama was mixed within that group.<br/>
What an unbelievable guy.<br/>
“Water Magic: [Squall].” (Makoto)<br/>
The next spell I chanted made heavy rain pour as if a bucket had been turned over.<br/>
The black knights were flustered by this, but Demon Lord Cain rushed at us.<br/>
When I checked, the Moon Queen was looking over here with calm eyes.<br/>
The Queen’s body was shining faintly, and the rain wasn’t hitting her. <br/>
Must be barrier magic.<br/>
6 seconds<br/>
.<br/>
“Die! Heretics!” (Cain)<br/>
“Wait, you must not kill them, Cain-san. I can’t have a talk with them otherwise.” (Nevia)<br/>
“Guh.” (Cain)<br/>
The moment Demon Lord Cain brandished his sword, the Moon Queen stopped him.<br/>
Oh, lucky~.<br/>
It saved me the trouble of stopping him with Dia.<br/>
“Water Magic: [Storm].” (Makoto)<br/>
Thunder roared with my 3rd spell, and lightning fell <br/>
outside the capital<br/>
.<br/>
The complexion of the Moon Queen changed.<br/>
“This is not good. Confirm if there have been any civilians who have been injured!” <br/>
The Queen ordered.<br/>
Cain’s movements stopped.<br/>
10 seconds<br/>
.<br/>
“Let’s go!” (Mel)<br/>
The White Dragon-san returned to her dragon form.<br/>
Momo and Abel clung onto the back of the White Dragon-san with their eyes still closed.<br/>
This is bad, I am running late…is what I thought, but the White Dragon-san grabbed only me with her hand.<br/>
Thanks, Mel-san.<br/>
“Tch!” (Cain)<br/>
Demon Lord Cain once again lunges at us.<br/>
“Dia! Please.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Okay~.” (Dia)<br/>
The Great Water Spirit created several layers of ice barriers in front of Demon Lord Cain.<br/>
With this, he won’t be able to reach us.<br/>
“Your Majesty, I dropped all the lightning outside the city!” (Makoto)<br/>
I shouted this before the White Dragon-san flew off into the sky.<br/>
“…”<br/>
I felt like the Moon Queen made a face of ‘you got me there’ for a second, but we flew high in the sky in an instant, and the city grew smaller. <br/>
Mel-san flew away from the Moon Country’s capital at astounding speed just like that.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“We managed to escape… It doesn’t seem like there are pursuers.” (Mel)<br/>
Mel-san sighed.<br/>
I have also moved to the back of the White Dragon-san.<br/>
“What’s the meaning of this…? The one together with the Moon Queen was the Demon Lord Cain, right?” (Momo)<br/>
The Great Sage-sama said insecure.<br/>
She had her eyes closed, but she must have noticed when the Moon Queen shouted the name of Cain.<br/>
“Why…? The Queen of a human country is together with a Demon Lord…? That’s impossible…” (Abel)<br/>
Hero Abel’s voice was trembling.<br/>
Rather than calling it uneasiness and fear, it is more like anger.<br/>
I was also surprised.<br/>
Is Demon Lord Cain using the Moon Country as his base? <br/>
It would be better to not get close to that place again.<br/>
(Ira-sama, we managed to escape. What about your side?) (Makoto)<br/>
(Yeah, we are okay. Geez, don’t worry me like that.) (Ira)<br/>
(We met Demon Lord Cain just now. Did you know that a Demon Lord was in Laphroaig?) (Makoto)<br/>
(Huh?! You must be kidding, right?) (Ira)<br/>
Looks like Ira-sama didn’t notice Cain either.<br/>
Well, if she had known, she would have told us.<br/>
Cain is also a devout believer of Noah-sama like me, so he must be outside the sphere of Ira-sama’s Clairvoyance.<br/>
(…I will be escaping at once too.) (Ira)<br/>
(Please do.) (Makoto)<br/>
It would not be funny if the Destiny Oracle were to be killed.<br/>
After that, our travel in the sky continued for a whole day. <br/>
We passed the Moon Country, and the giant mountain range at the edge of the Sun Country was beginning to appear in sight. <br/>
The one in the middle of that mountain range is the Ascraeus Sacred Mountain.<br/>
The Sun Temple is apparently covered in a barrier that makes it so that it can’t be seen by the naked eye.<br/>
But Ira-sama taught us the way to find the place.<br/>
“The place where 7 peaks line up. Only at the time when you move in a specific manner after locating that place, you will be able to reach the Sun Temple… It is a troublesome barrier, but that’s what makes it safer.” (Mel)<br/>
I heard the mutter of the White Dragon-san.<br/>
Just as she said, after she flew in complicated patterns, the scenery changed.<br/>
The summit of the mountain had vivid green growing thickly and there was a spring as if the place were an oasis.<br/>
And further in…there’s a temple standing quietly there.<br/>
We arrived at the hidden Sun Temple. <br/>
 