[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c253](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/03/18/wm-chapter-253-takatsuki-makoto-fights-demon-lord-cain/)
<br/><br/>
“The Hero is acting separately, huh… I will have you spit out his location.” (Cain)<br/>
The man that’s clad in pitch black armor took stance with his giant greatsword as if it were light.<br/>
The Apostle of Noah-sama, Demon Lord Cain.<br/>
This is the 3rd time we met.<br/>
On the 1st time, I was desperate trying to not get killed.<br/>
The 2nd time, I escaped right away.<br/>
And now…<br/>
(Right now it is only me and Mel-san…) (Makoto)<br/>
Thinking about it normally, our only choice is to run.<br/>
But…<br/>
-“<br/>
I will tell this to you just in case. I don’t really recommend it though…<br/>
” <br/>
I remember the conversation of Noah-sama.<br/>
If Mel-san is gone, I would be in a one vs one against Cain.<br/>
Could it be that this is my only chance to <br/>
persuade<br/>
 him?<br/>
“Spirit User-kun, buy time and let’s esca—” (Mel)<br/>
“Mel-san, I will distract him, so go to the Sun Temple and bring Abel-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“What?! Don’t tell me you plan on sacrificing yours—” (Mel)<br/>
“I don’t.” (Makoto)<br/>
Mel-san was startled by what I said, but she reconsidered it after seeing my face.<br/>
“Looks like you have a plan.” (Mel)<br/>
“A bit.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Don’t push yourself, okay? …I will return in half a day.” (Mel)<br/>
It is normally a distance that would take 1 day.<br/>
“Plenty enough.” (Makoto)<br/>
When I say this, I jumped off from the back of the White Dragon-san.<br/>
Thanks to the Blue Feather Cloak Ira-sama gave me, I can fly. <br/>
Demon Lord Cain looks at both me and the White Dragon-san.<br/>
He was thinking about who to chase, but it looks like he has focused his target on me.<br/>
He approached me.<br/>
“Dia, ready?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yes, Our King.” (Dia)<br/>
Dia appeared by my side.<br/>
“To think you would throw away your dragonback yourself. Looks like you don’t treasure your life!” (Cain)<br/>
The black armored Demon Lord laughed as if belittling me, and lunged at me. <br/>
I placed an ice barrier, and activated a spell that blocks vision.<br/>
“Water Magic: [Blizzard].” (Makoto)<br/>
I will eliminate his field of vision first.<br/>
The flight of the Blue Feather Cloak isn’t that fast.<br/>
Or more like, it is slow.<br/>
If we were to do a speed battle, they would catch up to me in an instant.<br/>
“Fuhahaha! Pointless struggle!!” (Cain)<br/>
The Demon Lord roared, but I ignored him.<br/>
I pointed at him and muttered.<br/>
“Water Magic: [Ice Block].” (Makoto)<br/>
Several giant ice blocks were shot at Cain.<br/>
“Argh! How annoying!” (Cain)<br/>
The sword of the Demon Lord cuts them away like butter, but some did hit him.<br/>
But the damage was negated because of the armor of the Demon Lord.<br/>
Even so, it seems like it is aggravating to get smashed by blocks of ice continuously.<br/>
“XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX! I(Fire Spirits! Wind Spirits! Blow them away!)” (Cain)<br/>
I heard him shouting in Spirit Language.<br/>
A giant fire tornado appeared with the Demon Lord in the center.<br/>
I felt the heat immediately.<br/>
“Hahahahahaha! Your magic doesn’t work on m—” (Cain)<br/>
That sneer didn’t last long.<br/>
The giant fire tornado slowly thinned like the fire of a candle, and eventually disappeared.<br/>
“…”<br/>
Because of the armor that was covering his whole body all the way to his head, I can’t see his facial expression, but I can tell that he is confused.<br/>
He once again rushed at me, but I hit him with the raging blizzard and the ice blocks. <br/>
“Don’t you understand that this is pointless?!” (Cain)<br/>
The Demon Lord shouted and cut away the ice blocks. <br/>
But the next moment, an ice block collided with the armor of Cain.<br/>
“XXXXXXXXXX! (Fire Spirits! Wind Spirits!)” (Cain)<br/>
Demon Lord Cain shouts in Spirit Language again.<br/>
But nothing happened.<br/>
Eh? A blank?<br/>
“…”<br/>
“…”<br/>
“D-Don’t look!” (Cain)<br/>
Dia and I stared at him with amazed faces, and Demon Lord Cain shouted agitated.<br/>
It is just as Dia told me beforehand.<br/>
–<br/>
Demon Lord Cain apparently sucks at using Spirits.<br/>
◇A few days ago◇<br/>
In the Sun Temple.<br/>
I was speaking in Spirit Language so that Hero Abel doesn’t hear it.<br/>
“Hey, Dia, if Demon Lord Cain attacks us again, will you be able to fight him? -With him being a believer of Noah-sama and all.” (Makoto)<br/>
I was a bit worried, so I tried to confirm.<br/>
Noah-sama is like the boss of the Spirits.<br/>
Then, can a Great Water Spirit go against Cain when he is the Apostle of Noah-sama in this era?<br/>
“Fuh! And here I was wondering what you would say. That question is silly, Our King.” (Dia)<br/>
“Really?” (Makoto)<br/>
Dia giggled in contrast to my worry.<br/>
“Spirits hate that kind of violent man.” (Dia)<br/>
“Violent?” (Makoto)<br/>
“That’s right. His way of speaking, his way of using magic, and his way of using Spirits; they are all coarse. With how he is, Spirits wouldn’t be attached to him.” (Dia)<br/>
“Really?” (Makoto)<br/>
In my eyes, it looked like Cain was using all Spirits freely aside from water.<br/>
But according to Dia, he is not popular.<br/>
“Spirits like people who give them attention kindly. Also, Noah-sama is a personage that loves freedom. There’s no need to forcefully listen to the words of someone we don’t like! I serve the person I like.” (Dia)<br/>
“I see.” (Makoto)<br/>
Noah-sama isn’t bothered by the small details.<br/>
Her base stance is ‘do as you wish’.<br/>
Looks like that’s the same for her familiars that are the Spirits.<br/>
“Demon Lord Cain is questionable as a Spirit User, huh.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yes, I pity the Spirits that abide by him.” (Dia)<br/>
If the Great Water Spirit herself says it, that must be the case.<br/>
“By the way, what about me?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Our King is…skilled.” (Dia)<br/>
Dia directed a meaningful gaze at me.<br/>
Why are you blushing?<br/>
“When I am touched by you, that sweet sensation makes my body tremble and—” (Dia)<br/>
“Wait wait.” (Makoto)<br/>
It is obvious, but it is not like I touch Dia every time I use Spirit Magic.<br/>
I don’t do moves like that of an eroge.<br/>
“It was just a metaphor, a metaphor. It means that’s how skilled Our King is.” (Dia)<br/>
“That’s great.” (Makoto)<br/>
It was that kind of conversation.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
It has been a few hours since Cain has been deflecting the attacks of Dia.<br/>
Our attacks are being nullified, but his attacks aren’t reaching us either.<br/>
The stalemate continued.<br/>
“Tch! This is endless! Damn it!” (Cain)<br/>
Demon Lord Cain was waving around his greatsword.<br/>
The black sword attack approached me, but I easily defended myself with an ice barrier.<br/>
What haphazard attacks.<br/>
He lacks concentration.<br/>
Isn’t it about time?<br/>
At this rate, the short-tempered Demon Lord might leave.<br/>
It should be about time to talk to him.<br/>
The attacks of Demon Lord Cain were losing steam.<br/>
Looks like his fighting spirit has thinned.<br/>
I stopped the blizzard, and stopped smashing him with ice blocks.<br/>
“You…have you finally ran out of mana?” (Cain)<br/>
The Demon Lord said something that was way off target.<br/>
“Water Magic: [Ice Block].” (Makoto)<br/>
Giant blocks of ice surround us as if enclosing us.<br/>
“Tch!” (Cain)<br/>
He clicks his tongue as if annoyed by this.<br/>
In the first place, a Spirit User doesn’t run out of mana.<br/>
“I wanted to talk to you.” (Makoto)<br/>
I opened.<br/>
“Pleading for your life? If you spit out the location of the Hero obediently, I have no interest in you, so—” (Cain)<br/>
I say this as if cutting off the words of Cain.<br/>
“Cainhart Weeloch.” (Makoto)<br/>
When I said this, Demon Lord Cain twitched lightly.<br/>
“…Why do you…know that name?” (Cain)<br/>
Hooked.<br/>
I didn’t answer that question and grinned.<br/>
 