[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c254](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/03/19/wm-chapter-254-takatsuki-makoto-bewilders-the-demon-lord/)
<br/><br/>
-Cainhart Weeloch.<br/>
The real name of Cain that Noah-sama told me about.<br/>
Cainhart was born in one of the hundreds of islands that float close to the South Continent. <br/>
It is a poor land where humans and beastkin who were chased off their homelands by demons live in.<br/>
Many people were fighting each other for the few resources there were in the land.<br/>
Cainhart was an infant in a small village of a certain island there.<br/>
One day, the tribe of Cainhart fought against a tribe of a different island and lost.<br/>
All islands are poor, so scenarios like that were not rare.<br/>
Most people of a settlement that has lost are killed, but Cainhart was <br/>
unfortunately<br/>
 powerless and unbelievably beautiful.<br/>
He was a man, but the head of the outside tribe from a different island had taken a liking to the young Cainhart, and kept him alive as a ‘whore husband’.<br/>
He tasted hell, being used as a plaything by the people that killed his own family.<br/>
The island that Cainhart lived in had an aboriginal religion, but he cursed the God that was not saving him.<br/>
If he could take revenge against the people that took away his family, he was willing to sell his soul to the devils.<br/>
He prayed for that every night.<br/>
The one who spoke to him at that time was…an Old God -the Goddess that’s imprisoned in the Deep Sea Temple, Noah-sama.<br/>
(A Goddess that specializes in loners…) (Makoto)<br/>
That MO is similar to my time.<br/>
Anyways, Cainhart met Noah-sama in a dream, and pledged to become her believer.<br/>
The moment he woke up from his dream, the sacred treasures were apparently near his bed.<br/>
And in this way, the mad warrior that has the armor that blocks all attacks, and the sword that cuts everything had been born.<br/>
Cainhart achieved his revenge by using those sacred treasures.<br/>
He exterminated the people that killed his tribe.<br/>
He was grateful to the Goddess.<br/>
He pledged that he would do anything for the sake of the Goddess.<br/>
But the words of the Goddess were ‘do as you please’. <br/>
And so, Cainhart decided to increase the number of the Goddess’s believers.<br/>
He left his homeland and wandered the South Continent.<br/>
The continent was the land of demons under the control of Demon Lords, but for Cainhart that was equipped with sacred treasures, they were no match for him.<br/>
He saved humans that were oppressed, but for some reason, they didn’t change their faith to the Goddess Noah-sama.<br/>
The comrades of Cainhart didn’t increase.<br/>
The one who showed up there was the Demon Lord ruling the South Continent.<br/>
The Demon Lord had interest in Cainhart.<br/>
And then, Cainhart learned that he was a believer of a God that’s different from the Holy Gods.<br/>
The Demon Lord recruited Cainhart.<br/>
The Goddess that you believe in is an Old God that lost in the Divine Realm War.<br/>
The Demon Lord explained that they have a common enemy.<br/>
The Demon Lord proposed to rule the world together.<br/>
Cainhart accepted that invitation.<br/>
His respected Goddess also agreed to that.<br/>
—And that’s how Demon Lord Cain was born.<br/>
It is an event that happened a few years back in this era.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“Why…do you know my name?” (Cain)<br/>
The Demon Lord is flustered.<br/>
What I should say here is…<br/>
“Because Noah-sama told me.” (Makoto)<br/>
I gave a short answer.<br/>
The Demon Lord reacted to this.<br/>
“Are you trying to deceive me here…? I am the only one who can hear the voice of Noah-sama as her Apostle. There’s no way you can hear her voice.” (Cain)<br/>
The voice of Cain was steadfast.<br/>
It is obvious, but it looks like he can’t believe my words.<br/>
“Then, how about I tell you this?” (Makoto)<br/>
I spoke about the past of Demon Lord Cain with a smile still in my face.<br/>
The story of an unfortunate boy from a small island.<br/>
The story of the unfortunate boy eventually becoming a Demon Lord.<br/>
It was super effective.<br/>
He was shaken to the point that it felt like he would drop his greatsword from the confusion.<br/>
Cainhart has not told anyone about his past.<br/>
Aside from Noah-sama.<br/>
“Why…do you know about my past…? Could it be that it is true? T-There’s no way…” (Cain)<br/>
“I told you I heard this from Noah-sama. I wanted to talk to you without anyone around, Cainhart.” (Makoto)<br/>
Noah-sama apparently called Demon Lord Cain with his real name.<br/>
That’s why Noah-sama advised me to call him the same way if I were to talk to him. <br/>
I couldn’t do that at Laberintos because Hero Abel was there.<br/>
“Are you saying…you are an ally? Do you have proof?!” (Cain)<br/>
“Hmmm…” (Makoto)<br/>
So it is proof now, huh.<br/>
That’s hard.<br/>
I unsheathe my dagger and show the blade to him.<br/>
“This dagger was given to me by Noah-sama. It is made from the same material as your sacred treasure. Well, I don’t think this will be enough proof for you.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I do feel that there’s the same elements as my sword. But…” (Cain)<br/>
“Our King, is there really a need to borrow the strength of a man like this? We should be plenty enough, you know?” (Dia)<br/>
Dia was playing around with her hair by my side as if bored.<br/>
But well, my lifespan has been reduced from the fight just now, so I don’t want to lengthen the battle more than this.<br/>
I have told Dia to take a leisure attitude as much as possible.<br/>
“What’s…your objective? Why are you an ally of the Heroes?” (Cain)<br/>
“Because that’s the desire of Noah-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
“The desire…of Noah-sama? Helping the Heroes…? There’s no way that’s… Every time I killed a Hero, she would praise me!” (Cain)<br/>
Oh, so the Noah-sama of this era accepts killing Heroes, huh.<br/>
“No matter how many Heroes you kill, it won’t help Noah-sama. It would instead make her be treated as an Evil God, and it would put Noah-sama in a lot of hardship for a thousand years.” (Makoto)<br/>
“What…did you say…?” (Cain)<br/>
Cain shakes his head as if he couldn’t believe it.<br/>
“It is true. Your actions will become unbeneficial for Noah-sama.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I won’t be deceived! Don’t speak another word! I am gonna cut you in half!” (Cain)<br/>
Demon Lord Cain shouted.<br/>
He is losing his cool.<br/>
The Great Water Spirit takes stance in order to block the attacks of Cain.<br/>
I stop her with my hand.<br/>
Cain wishes to gain more believers for Noah-sama.<br/>
But because of the Divine Realm Regulations, Noah-sama can’t increase her believers.<br/>
Even with that<br/>
, he tries to increase the believers, unable to get comrades, and feels the loneliness of it; that’s Demon Lord Cain.<br/>
Even when becoming a Demon Lord, he has no comrades.<br/>
Even if he is feared, he isn’t loved.<br/>
The only believer of Noah-sama in the world…<br/>
until now<br/>
.<br/>
That’s why, what I should say here is…<br/>
“Noah-sama would be saddened if the <br/>
only two believers<br/>
 she has in the world fight, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
“?!!” <br/>
Demon Lord Cain languidly lowered the sword he brandished.<br/>
“Are you…saying you are a believer of Noah-sama?” (Cain)<br/>
“That’s right. Just like you.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I see… This is my first time meeting a believer of Noah-sama.” (Cain)<br/>
Demon Lord Cain muttered and took off his helmet. <br/>
From below that appeared a beautiful man that could be mistaken for a woman.<br/>
But well, the person himself seems to hate his own beautiful face, so it would be better not to praise it.<br/>
“What’s your name?” (Cain)<br/>
“…Takatsuki Makoto.” (Makoto)<br/>
I hesitated for a bit, but I answered with my own name.<br/>
Cain will be talking about me to Noah-sama later, so it would be better to tell him my real name.<br/>
Well, Noah-sama can’t see 1,000 years in the future, so I don’t know how much she will understand…<br/>
“Takatsuki Makoto, if killing Heroes won’t help Noah-sama, what should I be doing?” (Cain)<br/>
He looked at me with serious eyes, and I consider my words.<br/>
“How about going to the Deep Sea Temple to save Noah-sama?” (Makoto)<br/>
Demon Lord Cain narrowed his eyes at those words.<br/>
“The Deep Sea Temple that Noah-sama is sealed at, huh. But if I don’t know where it is, I can’t even head there…” (Cain)<br/>
His response was unexpected.<br/>
Cain doesn’t know about the Deep Sea Temple?<br/>
“I know the location of the Deep Sea Temple though?” (Makoto)<br/>
“What?!” (Cain)<br/>
If it is 1,000 years in the future, it shows up in most adventurer maps.<br/>
It is one of the Last Dungeons that no one aims for despite being in the map though.<br/>
“You didn’t ask Noah-sama about it?” (Makoto)<br/>
“She wouldn’t tell me… Noah-sama said I wouldn’t be able to reach the Deep Sea Temple alone.” (Cain)<br/>
Now that he mentions it, I think she was also negative about me clearing the Deep Sea Temple.<br/>
“The Great Demon Lord promised to help me conquer the Deep Sea Temple if we kill all the Heroes. But because new Heroes appear no matter how many Heroes I kill, there’s no end… Who knows when it will be…” (Cain)<br/>
“You made a promise like that?” (Makoto)<br/>
When a Hero dies, the Goddesses designate the next Hero, so it will most likely be endless.<br/>
I think you are being deceived here.<br/>
Even so, I can use this information.<br/>
Demon Lord Cain doesn’t know the location of the Deep Sea Temple.<br/>
“Takatsuki Makoto! Tell me the location of the Deep Sea Temple. If you do that, I don’t mind trusting you.” (Cain)<br/>
Demon Lord Cain tells me with a serious expression.<br/>
“Then, let’s go together.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Huh?” (Cain)<br/>
It must have been an unexpected response, the eyes of Cain opened wide.<br/>
“Together…you say?” (Cain)<br/>
“Yeah, as believers of Noah-sama, our objective is the same, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
“No…but…” (Cain)<br/>
“Your sacred treasures and my Spirit Magic; can’t we clear the Deep Sea Temple with us two together?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…”<br/>
I could hear Demon Lord Cain gulping.<br/>
“As for the day, I have to make preparations, so around 7 days? Let’s make the rendezvous point here.” (Makoto)<br/>
“A-After 7 days?! That soon?!” (Cain)<br/>
“The faster the better, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
“T-That’s…” (Cain)<br/>
“You can use Water Breathing, right? We will have to be underwater for around half a day. Don’t tell me you can’t swim with your armor on.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I-I can swim…” (Cain)<br/>
That way of saying it isn’t giving me any confidence.<br/>
“The one protecting the Deep Sea Temple is the Divine Beast, Leviathan. It is apparently stronger than the Great Demon Lord, so let’s begin by analyzing it. Any questions?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Are you serious?” (Cain)<br/>
Demon Lord Cain glares at me dubiously.<br/>
“I was planning on going there alone if need be anyways. You don’t want to save Noah-sama?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Alone, you say…?” (Cain)<br/>
“Yeah, what will you do?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…” <br/>
After a while of silence, Demon Lord Cain answered.<br/>
“…Got it, let’s go together.” (Cain)<br/>
“It’s settled then.” (Makoto)<br/>
I smile and offer him my hand.<br/>
Demon Lord Cain was looking at me questioningly. <br/>
(…Are you serious?) <br/>
A voice resonated in my head.<br/>
Ira-sama?<br/>
You were listening?<br/>
(Are you going to make allies with a Demon Lord despite having Hero Abel as your comrade?) (Ira)<br/>
Isn’t this better than having him as an enemy the whole time?<br/>
We can’t win against Cain as long as he has the sacred treasures of Noah-sama anyways.<br/>
(If Hero Abel masters the Light Hero Skill, he can defeat Demon Lord Cain.) (Ira)<br/>
…That’s…true, but…<br/>
(What?) (Ira)<br/>
I don’t want him to die -with him being a believer of Noah-sama.<br/>
When I say this, she goes ‘got it’ and I could hear a sigh from her.<br/>
(But <br/>
make sure<br/>
 Abel doesn’t learn of this. It is that Demon Lord Cain that killed the parent figure of Abel -his most hated opponent.) (Ira)<br/>
…I will be careful.<br/>
I nodded at Ira-sama, and looked at Demon Lord Cain.<br/>
“Looking forward to working with you, Cainhart.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Takatsuki Makoto, if your words had lies in it, I will have you pay with your life.” (Cain)<br/>
Demon Lord Cain glared at me and said this.<br/>
“I swear on the name of Noah-sama and my life. Let’s clear the Deep Sea Temple together.” (Makoto)<br/>
Demon Lord Cain held my right hand.<br/>
The hand that had ended many Heroes was so clean.<br/>
And in this way, I will now be challenging the Deep Sea Temple together with Demon Lord Cain.<br/>
 