[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c255](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/03/20/wm-chapter-255-hero-abel-thinks-about-makoto/)
<br/><br/>
Sponsored Chapter!<br/>
◇Hero Abel POV◇<br/>
It has been 2 days since Makoto-san and Helemerck-sama left to Laberintos.<br/>
The progress of my training doesn’t look bright. <br/>
I pray and pray, but I don’t hear the voice of the Sun Goddess-sama. <br/>
“Haah…” (Abel)<br/>
Right now I am swinging a wooden sword to pass time.<br/>
“Alright! I did it!” (Momo)<br/>
Momo-chan, who was close by, had succeeded in using short distance teleport.<br/>
“That’s impressive, Momo-chan. To think you would manage to obtain a new spell in such a short span of time.” (Abel)<br/>
“No, I still have a long way to go. I have to chant in order to activate it, so I can’t use it in actual combat. Master Makoto-sama told me that all magic that isn’t chantless is trash.” (Momo)<br/>
“Isn’t Makoto-san a bit too harsh?” (Abel)<br/>
I gave a bitter smile.<br/>
I think Momo-chan is pretty impressive for her age. Makoto-san is giving a high objective to her.<br/>
“Next is the Calm Skill and Stealth Skill. Also, I am a vampire, so I should be able to use Transform to turn into mist and a bat, so I have to learn that…” (Momo)<br/>
“That’s quite the peculiar training.” (Abel)<br/>
Is it okay to not learn attack spells?<br/>
Even though she has a powerful Skill like Sage.<br/>
“Master Makoto-sama told me to first obtain the Skills that will allow me to run away from strong opponents when I meet them.” (Momo)<br/>
“Even though he is that strong?” (Abel)<br/>
That’s such a conservative tactic.<br/>
“Right? But there’s no mistake in the teachings of Master Makoto-sama!” (Momo)<br/>
Momo-chan seems to have complete trust in Makoto-san’s words.<br/>
I envy that.<br/>
“You could have given me instructions too, Makoto-san…” (Abel)<br/>
Right before Makoto-san departed, I asked him what I should do.<br/>
What came back in response was ‘I leave it to you. There’s nothing I can tell you to do’.<br/>
Does he trust me?<br/>
But I want to rely on Makoto-san.<br/>
“Even though I would also listen to anything Makoto-san tells me to do…” (Abel)<br/>
“…”<br/>
When I muttered this absentmindedly, I suddenly felt a gaze.<br/>
“Momo-chan?” (Abel)<br/>
“…Why are you in female form?” (Momo)<br/>
“Eh?” <br/>
It looks like I had turned into my form of Anna at some point in time.<br/>
“You turned into your woman form when thinking about Master Makoto-sama… Anna-san, so you really…” (Momo)<br/>
“U-Uhm, Momo-chan?” (Anna)<br/>
“Do you love Master Makoto-sama, Anna-san?” (Momo)<br/>
“Wa?!” (Anna)<br/>
I accidentally dropped my wooden sword at the question of Momo-chan.<br/>
“I knew it…” (Momo)<br/>
“T-That’s not it, Momo-chan!” (Anna)<br/>
I hurriedly flailed my hands, but Momo-chan was staring straight at me.<br/>
It was at the time when I was thinking about what to say…<br/>
A giant white dragon flew into the temple.<br/>
The White Dragon-sama. <br/>
Makoto-san and the White Dragon-sama have returned.<br/>
When I directed my gaze there in order to welcome them, I noticed…I don’t see Makoto-san anywhere.<br/>
“White Dragon Master, welcome back.” (Momo)<br/>
“White Dragon-sama, is Makoto-san not with you?” (Anna)<br/>
“Hero-kun, come with me! The Spirit User-kun has been attacked by Demon Lord Cain!” <br/>
The White Dragon-sama said this in a flustered tone. <br/>
““Eh?!””<br/>
My and Momo-chan’s face stiffen at the same time.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
The White Dragon-sama and I hurriedly head to where Makoto-san is.<br/>
“Is it okay to leave Momo-chan behind?” (Anna)<br/>
She asked to come along as well with teary eyes, but the White Dragon-sama didn’t allow it. <br/>
“It can’t be helped. We are dealing with a Demon Lord here. More importantly, do you think you can use the attack that worked on Demon Lord Cain?” (Mel)<br/>
“T-That’s…” (Abel)<br/>
I found it hard to speak.<br/>
I haven’t succeeded in doing that technique again since then.<br/>
It was sword magic that I managed to use by coincidence.<br/>
Will my swordsmanship work on Demon Lord Cain if I were to confront him once more?<br/>
“You are the only one who has managed to land an effective hit on him! We are speeding up!” (Mel)<br/>
“O-Okay!” (Abel)<br/>
I tightly held the handle of my new magic sword.<br/>
Makoto-san…please be okay.<br/>
—<br/>
A few moments after<br/>
.<br/>
“We are here! This should be the place.” (Mel)<br/>
After the White Dragon-sama said those tense words, I looked around.<br/>
But there’s only traces of the ground being destroyed here and there with magic, I don’t see Demon Lord Cain or Makoto-san.<br/>
Could it be that Makoto-san has already…<br/>
“Look there, Hero-kun.” (Mel)<br/>
“…It is smoke.” (Abel)<br/>
I could see smoke rising from the place she pointed at.<br/>
There’s someone there.<br/>
“Let’s go.” (Abel)<br/>
“Be careful.” (Mel)<br/>
The White Dragon-sama and I walk with stealthy steps, and approach the location where the smoke is rising. <br/>
“This smell is…” (Mel)<br/>
The White Dragon-sama furrowed her brows. <br/>
I could see someone.<br/>
That back figure is…Makoto-san!<br/>
What a relief, he is okay.<br/>
“Oi, Spirit User-kun. What are you doing?” (Mel)<br/>
The White Dragon-sama says with a displeased tone.<br/>
She was angry for some reason.<br/>
I looked at the state of Makoto-san, and noticed the reason for that.<br/>
“Aah, Mel-san, Abel-san, I have been waiting. Wanna eat?” (Makoto)<br/>
At that place, there’s Makoto-san who was looking back while roasting filleted fish.<br/>
My strength was drained from that, and I ended up sitting in place.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“Master~, you are okay?! Are you injured?!” (Momo)<br/>
“I am back, Momo.” (Makoto)<br/>
Momo-chan hugged Makoto-san in tears, and he comforted her.<br/>
“What about the Demon Lord?! I heard that you were attacked by Demon Lord Cain!” (Momo)<br/>
“Aah, I fought him off with Dia.” (Makoto)<br/>
“W-Wow! As expected of Master!” (Momo)<br/>
Momo-chan hopped in place.<br/>
I see, so Makoto-san fought Demon Lord Cain and didn’t get any injuries at all.<br/>
…What was the point of me rushing there all agitated?<br/>
“Don’t push yourself too much, Spirit User-kun. I am tired, so I will go rest.” (Mel)<br/>
“Thanks, Mel-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
The White Dragon-sama, who had rushed to and fro, said this in a tired tone and headed to the bedroom.<br/>
“Then, let’s check the results of your training, Momo.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Fufufu, watch this, Master. I can now use Teleport if it is chanted!” (Momo)<br/>
“Ooh! Nice, Momo! With this, the number of strategies we can use in the Demon Lord battle will increase!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Praise me more! And hug me more!” (Momo)<br/>
“Here here.” (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto-san and Momo-chan were bonding.<br/>
So energetic…<br/>
Even though I was tired from riding the back of the White Dragon-sama for half a day.<br/>
Let’s sleep for a bit.<br/>
I also take a rest in the bedroom where the White Dragon-sama is at.<br/>
 ◇◇<br/>
When I woke up, it was dark.<br/>
I could see the White Dragon-sama and Momo-chan sleeping at the beds of the bedroom.<br/>
I couldn’t see Makoto-sama. <br/>
I went out of the Temple and searched for Makoto-san.<br/>
(…There he is.) <br/>
Several thousands of butterflies made of water magic were flying around.<br/>
Is he training without resting?<br/>
Even though he fought against a Demon Lord not that long ago? <br/>
“Abel-san, you are up?” (Makoto)<br/>
Even though it should be a blindspot for Makoto-san, he was the one who spoke to me first.<br/>
“I woke up just now. Also, please call me Anna when in this form.” (Anna)<br/>
I am currently in my heaven winged folk form.<br/>
I have recently been in this form more often.<br/>
I sat by the side of Makoto-san.<br/>
“Thank you for coming today, Anna-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I didn’t do anything, Makoto-san.” (Anna)<br/>
By the time I arrived, Demon Lord Cain was not there anymore.<br/>
And I was relieved by that fact.<br/>
Even though he is the killer of my master, the Fire Hero…<br/>
“Ah, right. Anna-san, there’s something I have to tell you.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Y-Yes? What is it?” (Anna)<br/>
My back straightened wondering what he was going to say.<br/>
Makoto-san said he is going to train in a dungeon called the Deep Sea Temple 7 days later.<br/>
“Uhm…can’t you do that here in the Sun Temple?” (Anna)<br/>
“There’s not much water here. I can train better in a place with a lot of water.” (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto-san said this as if nothing.<br/>
He is going all the way to a dungeon to train?<br/>
Moreover, it is a place that’s called one of the Last Dungeons, you know?<br/>
“Having half a year of open time was unexpected, but I wanted to go to the Deep Sea Temple once, so this is a good opportunity.” (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto-san was talking with excited eyes as if he were having fun.<br/>
Aah…Makoto-san is going to go somewhere far again.<br/>
He really doesn’t stay in place.<br/>
I always end up waiting.<br/>
“Uhm…Makoto-san, can I consult with you about something?” (Anna)<br/>
By the time I noticed, I had grabbed the clothes of Makoto-san and spoke with a tone as if clinging to him.<br/>
 