[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c256](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/03/22/wm-chapter-256-takatsuki-makoto-gets-consulted-by-anna/)
<br/><br/>
Sponsored Chapter!<br/>
“Makoto-san…please hear me out.” (Anna)<br/>
Anna had closed onto me to a distance that her breath could reach me.<br/>
I could feel something abnormal from that face at her wit’s end.<br/>
“What’s the matter, Anna-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
My most important mission is Hero Abel.<br/>
I wasn’t worried because we were training safely in the Sun Temple, but maybe there was an actual problem occurring? <br/>
I held my necklace lightly.<br/>
(…Ira-sama, can you hear me?) (Makoto)<br/>
(I can. It looks like a problem has happened with Hero Abel.) (Ira)<br/>
(I will listen to the problem. Please let me consult with you.) (Makoto)<br/>
(Leave it to me.) (Ira)<br/>
As expected of a Goddess.<br/>
So reliable.<br/>
“You won’t be coming back for a while after going to the Deep Sea Temple, right?” (Anna)<br/>
Anna-san speaks.<br/>
“I will be returning every now and then. It seems like Momo can function better by drinking my blood after all.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…For the sake of Momo-chan?” (Anna)<br/>
“?” <br/>
What does she mean by that?<br/>
“Are you…not worried about me?” (Anna)<br/>
“Uhm…” (Makoto)<br/>
“You will be leaving this place while you are in the Deep Sea Temple. Are you not going to worry about me…?” (Anna)<br/>
“O-Of course, Abel-san as well.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Anna.” <br/>
“I will also worry about Anna-san too.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Then, please bring me with you!” (Anna)<br/>
“T-That’s…I can’t.” (Makoto)<br/>
I am going with Demon Lord Cain after all.<br/>
I definitely can’t bring her with me.<br/>
“Why…? You don’t care about me?” (Anna)<br/>
“…”<br/>
Help! SOS! SOS!<br/>
Ira-sama!<br/>
(Hey, Takatsuki Makoto…) (Ira)<br/>
Yes, Ira-sama.<br/>
What should I do?! <br/>
(Hug her and might as well add a kiss too.) (Ira)<br/>
…Huh?<br/>
(It seems like Anna-chan’s mental state is a bit unstable, so comfort her.) (Ira)<br/>
Hero Abel is a man, you know?<br/>
(She is a woman right now. Don’t worry about the small details.) (Ira)<br/>
I-Is it really a small detail…?<br/>
Also, Anna-san looks just like Princess Noel, so I feel a bit against the idea because of this too…<br/>
But if Hero Abel really is in an unstable mental state, I do have to do something.<br/>
“Anna-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Y-Yes…?” (Anna)<br/>
I held her hand with both hands.<br/>
“Let’s rest well for today and train together tomorrow. If we train your Light Hero Skill, something like Demon Lords will be easy-peasy.” (Makoto)<br/>
“R-Really…?” (Anna)<br/>
Sakurai-kun defeated the Beast King in one hit after all.<br/>
(Takatsuki Makoto…the Light Hero Skill of 1,000 years in the future has been improved by Althena-sama. Don’t think of it as the same thing.) (Ira)<br/>
Eh?<br/>
The one of Sakurai-kun is stronger?<br/>
(Of course the latest version is better.) (Ira)<br/>
N-No way…<br/>
The Light Hero Skill of Hero Abel is the old version…<br/>
“Is something wrong, Makoto-san?” (Anna)<br/>
Holy Maiden Anna peeked at my face cause I had frozen there.<br/>
“It is nothing. Now, let’s rest for today.” (Makoto)<br/>
“I woke up just now though.” (Anna)<br/>
“It is fine, it is fine.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh, wa, Makoto-san? Uhm…there’s no need to push me so much…” (Anna)<br/>
I push Anna-san to her bed, and I lay down on the bed beside it. <br/>
I look at the ceiling while thinking about the training of tomorrow.<br/>
I couldn’t think of any good ideas.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
The next day, it was decided that I will be training with Hero Abel.<br/>
I say that, but I don’t know about Hero Skills, so I am going blind here.<br/>
My point of reference is Sakurai Ryosuke-kun who has the Light Hero Skill too in the future.<br/>
My childhood friend.<br/>
But I have only fought together with him 2 times.<br/>
One time it was in Laberintos with the Taboo Dragons.<br/>
The second one was with Beast King Zagan.<br/>
I bring back the memories of those times.<br/>
(Even so, both times were one hit kills though…) (Makoto)<br/>
They are not memories that serve as much of a frame of reference. <br/>
What I can tell is that sunlight is important.<br/>
It should be a Skill that doesn’t show much power when inside a cave or below the Pitch Black Clouds.<br/>
“Abel-sa—” (Makoto)<br/>
“Anna.” <br/>
“Anna-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yes!” (Anna)<br/>
I look at the Holy Maiden Anna who is taking a stance with her sword.<br/>
“Can you change the light of the sun into mana?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Uhm…I will try.” (Anna)<br/>
Anna-san holds her sword tightly with a complicated expression and goes ‘muuh~’.<br/>
*Zuzuzu* …A massive amount of mana began to gather, and the blade of the sword began to release light.<br/>
“What is going on?” (Mel)<br/>
“Enemy attack?!” (Momo)<br/>
The White Dragon-san and the Great Sage-sama came here.<br/>
“How is it, Makoto-san?!” (Anna)<br/>
“Hmmm…” (Makoto)<br/>
I checked the state of Anna-san, who is showing me the sword that is releasing radiant light, with a hand on my chin and thought.<br/>
“That’s outstanding mana. An Ancient Dragon would fall in one hit if it were cut by this magic sword.” (Mel)<br/>
“Anna-san’s sword is scary…” (Momo)<br/>
Judging from the faces of Mel-san and Momo, the magic sword in the hands of Anna-san is quite the thing.<br/>
But…<br/>
“It isn’t rainbow colored…” (Makoto)<br/>
At the time when Hero Abel cut Demon Lord Cain, it was shining rainbow.<br/>
If I remember correctly, it was the same when Sakurai-kun defeated Demon Lord Zagan.<br/>
“Spirit User-kun, magic that shines in rainbow color…the All Element Magic is the realm of Gods, you know?” (Mel)<br/>
“Yeah, I know… The Light Hero Skill alone can manage to do that.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Uhm…I don’t know about that. Why do you know more than me about it, Makoto-san?” (Anna)<br/>
‘Because Althena-sama told me’, is what I answer half-heartedly, and fall in thought.<br/>
At that time, Sakurai-kun was…<br/>
“Anna-san, can you summon an angel?” (Makoto)<br/>
When Sakurai-kun defeated Demon Lord Zagan, he borrowed the strength of an angel.<br/>
Shouldn’t we begin from there?<br/>
“““Huh?”””<br/>
But the other 3 opened their eyes wide at my proposal.<br/>
I don’t think I said something weird here though.<br/>
It should be easier than borrowing the strength of a Goddess, right? <br/>
More so when…<br/>
“I can call Angels by asking the Water Goddess, you know?” (Makoto)<br/>
At the time when I took out my sacred treasure and was about to activate the Sacrificial Technique…<br/>
“You idiot! Stop it, Spirit User-kun! Don’t use that blasphemous spell so lightly! What will you do if we are attacked?!” (Mel)<br/>
“Eeh…I will offer a sheep around, so it is safe.” (Makoto)<br/>
“How blasphemous!” (Mel)<br/>
She scolded me.<br/>
I wanted to show Abe—Anna-san the actual thing though.<br/>
“You can summon Angels, Makoto-san?!” (Anna)<br/>
“That’s not it, Hero-kun. What he was about to do was a Sacrificial Technique. A heretical technique that takes the life of another to fulfill their own desire. You normally need to have a sacred treasure and a God Rank magic circle or it would take your own life though…” (Mel)<br/>
“A Goddess (Noah-sama) made this dagger, and a Goddess (Eir-sama) enchanted it with the magic circle.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Why do you have such a treasure of mythological times on your possession, Spirit User-kun?!” (Mel)<br/>
The White Dragon-san was amazed by this.<br/>
Looks like using a Sacrificial Technique lightly is not normal.<br/>
Well, it is a technique that Eir-sama told me to use as a trump card.<br/>
I should stop using it nonchalantly. <br/>
But what to do then…?<br/>
(Pray. Anna is an Oracle, so it definitely will reach Althena-oneesama.) (Ira)<br/>
The voice of Ira-sama reached my ears.<br/>
(It seems like there’s no response even when she prays though?) (Makoto)<br/>
(This is troubling… She probably has her hands full with other matters… She is in charge of the whole solar system after all…) (Ira)<br/>
(I-Isn’t her range of duty a bit too wide? By the way, what about you, Ira-sama?) (Makoto)<br/>
(I am in charge of…only this continent.) (Ira)<br/>
It is completely different!<br/>
I could tell here that even when they are Goddesses, there’s a difference in their powers.<br/>
…Noah-sama is supposedly on the same level as Althena-sama?<br/>
Isn’t she quite the dangerous Goddess then?<br/>
(That’s what I told you; I can’t deal with Noah. And so, look properly after Anna-chan who is the crux of this matter, okay?) (Ira)<br/>
(Got it, Ira-sama.) (Makoto)<br/>
I nodded at Ira-sama.<br/>
“Anna-san continue your training with the magic sword made with the sunlight, and continue praying to Althena-sama. Your voice should be reaching.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Makoto-san… Got it.” (Anna)<br/>
Anna-san obediently nods to what I say.<br/>
Now that I think about it, when I was training in magic with Lucy at Makkaren, it was something like this.<br/>
They have strong Skills, but they can’t master them.<br/>
Lucy would mess up her magic frequently, but it doesn’t happen with Anna-san which makes things easier.<br/>
(Let’s take it slow…) (Makoto)<br/>
There’s no point in hurrying.<br/>
A few days after that…<br/>
I would train with Anna-san and check the progress of Momo’s magic…<br/>
And so…it is now finally the day before the promised day with Demon Lord Cain.<br/>
I asked the White Dragon-san to give me a ride for the going and the return.<br/>
“Then, I will be going.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Master~, come back quickly, okay?” (Momo)<br/>
“Take care, Makoto-san.” (Anna)<br/>
I was seen off by the Great Sage-sama and Anna-san…and head to clear the Deep Sea Temple.<br/>
 