[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c257](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/03/23/wm-chapter-257-takatsuki-makoto-heads-to-the-deep-sea-temple/)
<br/><br/>
“Are we going the right way?” <br/>
“Yeah, there’s no doubt.” (Makoto)<br/>
Demon Lord Cain was looking at me with eyes of doubt at my side.<br/>
The reason I know his expression is because he has his helmet off.<br/>
When I told him it was hard to talk like that, he took it off.<br/>
He is currently showing his handsome face.<br/>
This Demon Lord is seriously good looking.<br/>
If he were to fix his appearance, he would look like a host or a model. <br/>
We are currently riding on the dragon of Demon Lord Cain -a Taboo Dragon.<br/>
As always, it has a whole lot of eyes and a lot of mouths, which is quite the disgusting appearance, but…when I give it a good look, I wouldn’t say it is impossible to grow attached to it.<br/>
(Are you kidding? Are your eyes rotting?) (Ira)<br/>
Ira-sama, your tongue is rotten.<br/>
Doesn’t it have an avant-garde and charming look to it? <br/>
(Not at all~.) (Ira)<br/>
Well, I do think I am pushing it there though.<br/>
Ira-sama then told me ‘Be careful of Demon Lord Cain’ and cut off the transmission.<br/>
By the way, about Mel-san, I gave a 1 day difference in the schedule of when she should bring me to the place and the day I met with Cain.<br/>
It is so that they don’t run into each other even if by mistake. <br/>
After waiting for 1 day, I managed to meet up with Cain safely.<br/>
We are currently heading to a place called the Habhain Archipelago that’s outside the West Continent and is close to the Deep Sea Temple.<br/>
I have the location in memory thanks to the Mapping Skill.<br/>
My preparation for that one day I would go to the Deep Sea Temple has worked in my favor.<br/>
“Our King…please be careful.” (Dia)<br/>
Dia was at my back, attentive at the moves of Demon Lord Cain.<br/>
I don’t think there’s the need to worry that much though.<br/>
“We are almost at the island. Let’s decide where to camp first!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Alright…” (Cain)<br/>
The response of Cain was low in contrast to mine that was excited.<br/>
“What’s the matter, Cainhart?” (Makoto)<br/>
“You, using that name so carefreely—! …Fine. Noah-sama told me that it is okay to believe your words… I will obey the words of Noah-sama…” (Cain)<br/>
Looks like Noah-sama has agreed to us two going to the Deep Sea Temple.<br/>
And it seems like she has easily seen through my identity.<br/>
“Takatsuki Makoto…you are the Apostle of Noah-sama from 1,000 years in the future…?” (Cain)<br/>
“Yeah.” (Makoto)<br/>
“You are saying my proselytization for the sake of Noah-sama was pointless…?” (Cain)<br/>
“…Well, yeah.” (Makoto)<br/>
Or more like, that was no proselytization but just threatening.<br/>
Anyways, Noah-sama can’t increase her believers because of the Divine Realm Regulations.<br/>
Noah-sama in the future was seen with scorn as an Evil God.<br/>
It seems like that was shocking information for Demon Lord Cain.<br/>
“Well, isn’t that okay? If we help out Noah-sama, we will be even.” (Makoto)<br/>
“O-Okay…” (Cain)<br/>
I speak cheerfully to Cain who has a dark expression, and speak about Noah-sama until we arrive at the target location.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
Habhain Archipelago.<br/>
1,000 years in the future, it is a resort location for the nobles and royals of various countries.<br/>
But in the current era it is uninhabited.<br/>
There are monsters, though not in high numbers.<br/>
We prepared a simple base in a location that has a good field of view.<br/>
“Now, let’s go to the Deep Sea Temple!” (Makoto)<br/>
“Right now?!” (Cain)<br/>
Cain was shocked when I proposed to depart.<br/>
I planned this expedition to last 2 weeks.<br/>
I would be worried about Momo and Hero Abel if I were to leave them for too long after all.<br/>
I don’t want to waste time as much as possible.<br/>
“It is still just past noon after all.” (Makoto)<br/>
“B-But isn’t it too sudden?” (Cain)<br/>
Cain was the one who brought us here using a dragon.<br/>
Is he tired?<br/>
“Well then, I will go check out the place on my own first.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Alone, you say?!” (Cain)<br/>
“I will be coming back.” (Makoto)<br/>
“No…I will accompany you.” (Cain)<br/>
In the end, he will be coming too.<br/>
We had the dragon of Cain protect the base, and we jumped into the sea.<br/>
The Habhain Archipelago has a warm tropical climate.<br/>
The inside of the sea is filled with abundant coral reefs and colorful fishes swimming calmly.<br/>
How peaceful.<br/>
Cain and I slowly swam underwater, and headed in the direction where the Deep Sea Temple is at. <br/>
I then looked at my side and something bothered me.<br/>
“Isn’t it hard to swim in that?” (Makoto)<br/>
I speak to Cain who is wearing full armor even underwater.<br/>
The conversation is transmitting through water magic, but there’s no response.<br/>
“……”<br/>
“Hello?” (Makoto)<br/>
Cain’s mouth was flapping, but I can’t hear him.<br/>
It can’t be helped, so I grabbed the hand of Cain.<br/>
I cast underwater conversation magic on Cain as well.<br/>
“Can you hear me?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah… I am surprised you can converse underwater.” (Cain)<br/>
“We are going to challenge the Deep Sea Temple, so isn’t it necessary?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Leaving aside swimming and underwater breathing, this is my first time learning about a spell that allows for conversation underwater.” (Cain)<br/>
“I see. By the way, isn’t it inconvenient to be wearing armor?” (Makoto)<br/>
“That’s unnecessary worry. This is a sacred treasure granted to me by Noah-sama. No matter the place, it isn’t inconvenient.” (Cain)<br/>
“I see.” (Makoto)<br/>
Well, sacred treasures are the strongest sword and shield of Demon Lord Cain, so if he takes them off, it would half his strength.<br/>
But there’s one point of worry.<br/>
“I am raising the speed.” (Makoto)<br/>
Cain’s swimming speed is slow.<br/>
If possible, I would like to reach the entrance of the Deep Sea Temple, Deep Scar, by today.<br/>
I grabbed the arm of Cain and accelerated at once with [Water Dragon].<br/>
“O-Oi!” (Cain)<br/>
“Don’t bite your tongue.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Wa?!” (Cain)<br/>
I could feel the fish that were swimming closeby turn our way all at once, but we left behind the surrounding living beings the next instant.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“O-Oi…what was that speed of just now…? Can someone really advance faster than flying magic underwater?” (Cain)<br/>
The tone of the Demon Lord was weak.<br/>
“That’s pathetic, being shaken by just that much.” (Dia)<br/>
Dia was amazed.<br/>
Hmm, I honestly didn’t think that he would get worn out with just this much.<br/>
The difficult part is just starting here…<br/>
“Sorry, Cain. I will keep it a bit slower next time.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Y-Yeah…please do.” (Cain)<br/>
He is my only comrade as a believer of Noah-sama, so I act more kindly than Dia.<br/>
Or so I say, but we will simply be diving into the deep sea though.<br/>
We slowly descend the dark depths of the sea.<br/>
The water temperature dropped, so I adjusted it with water magic so it doesn’t cool down our bodies.<br/>
It didn’t take long for the place to become a complete dark world where the light of the sun doesn’t reach.<br/>
I use [Night Vision] and [Detection] to keep an eye on the surroundings.<br/>
The waters around here are plentiful in mana, and there’s a lot of sea monsters.<br/>
“Our King, please be careful at our front.” (Dia)<br/>
“Is that…a whale? The size is around that of a ship.” (Makoto)<br/>
“That there is the Ancient Giant Shark, Megalodon, checking us out.” (Dia) <br/>
“It should be okay at this distance, but let’s stay on guard just in case.” (Makoto)<br/>
“You can see it?” (Cain)<br/>
Cain raised his voice agitated hearing our conversation.<br/>
“You can’t see it?” (Makoto)<br/>
“If I had my helmet…I would be able to.” (Cain)<br/>
He says awkwardly.<br/>
Looks like he can’t use Night Vision.<br/>
“Please put on your helmet.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah, got it.” (Cain)<br/>
Demon Lord Cain relied on his gear even more than I thought.<br/>
After that, Cain was making noise saying ‘Wa, the monsters of the deep sea are this gigantic?!’ or ‘Isn’t that dangerous?!’, but when I said ‘All monsters are wary of Dia and are not approaching us’, he got quieter.<br/>
And in this way, we arrived at the deep sea.<br/>
Of course, this isn’t our goal.<br/>
This is the starting point.<br/>
“Now then, the Deep Sea Temple is just ahead of there.” (Makoto)<br/>
I pointed at the chasm in the bottom of the deep sea.<br/>
It has a width of around several hundreds of meters, and it is several tens of kilometers long.<br/>
It is said that that place is a trace of the planet having been injured in the Divine Realm War of the past.<br/>
Also called as the Deep Scar.<br/>
From here on it is a different world.<br/>
The power of the planet that’s called the Star Pulse is overflowing here, and the monsters living there are strengthened to a whole other realm.<br/>
The Deep Sea Temple is located at the deepest part of it.<br/>
“Now then, let’s go test the grounds a bit, Cain.” (Makoto)<br/>
“W-Wait a moment! You said that we would only be going to go look at the Deep Scar!!” (Cain)<br/>
“Yeah, so let’s peek at it a bit.” (Makoto)<br/>
“This isn’t what we agreed on!” (Cain)<br/>
“We haven’t been attacked by a monster once.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Y-Yeah…that’s true, but…” (Cain)<br/>
“Then let’s go! Dia, keep an eye on the surroundings please.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yes, leave it to me, Our King.” (Dia)<br/>
Dia, who responded to my words with no hesitation, was so reliable. <br/>
The monsters around are wary of the mana of Dia and are not approaching.<br/>
We were slowly descending the big deep sea tear.<br/>
(We are being watched…) (Makoto)<br/>
I could feel the several hundreds of sea monsters observing the intruders.<br/>
Judging from my Detection, they are Sea Dragons.<br/>
In other words, a <br/>
nest of dragons<br/>
.<br/>
If I hadn’t met the White Dragon-san family in Laberintos, I might have been more nervous, but I could tell how strong the dragons here are.<br/>
“Takatsuki Makoto…there’s a lot of monsters…” (Cain)<br/>
Demon Lord Cain grabbed my arm.<br/>
“It is a nest of dragons after all.” (Makoto)<br/>
“A nest of dragons, you say?! Then we have to attack first!” (Cain)<br/>
“As long as they don’t come at us, there’s no need to force a fight, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
“But won’t it be too late then?!” (Cain)<br/>
“I don’t think it is that dangerous of a situation.” (Makoto)<br/>
My Detection isn’t ringing at all.<br/>
Dia was yawning by my side.<br/>
“You are a Demon Lord, so how about acting a bit more dignified?” (Dia)<br/>
It is rare to see Dia speaking to Cain.<br/>
“But the monsters living here are monsters that have no relation to the demon lord army. They can’t recognize me as a Demon Lord.” (Cain)<br/>
“Even so, as long as you have that armor and sword, there should be nothing to fear about monsters, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
I say this, but there was no response from Cain.<br/>
Could it be…he is scared?<br/>
As we went slowly downwards…it got brighter despite it being the deep sea.<br/>
That isn’t the light of the sun.<br/>
The magic crystals that are embedded in the surface of the walls are shining. <br/>
The light of mana.<br/>
It was a faint light at first, but the numbers were steadily increasing.<br/>
The magic crystals were shining like the starry sky. <br/>
The mana density underwater also increased proportional to this.<br/>
This does indeed feel like a different world.<br/>
“This is beautiful.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yes, Our King. For us Spirits, this is a good place to live in.” (Dia)<br/>
True. There’s a lot of Water Spirits.<br/>
The mana of Dia was amplified even more here.<br/>
With how things are now, the chances of a monster trying to attack us is low.<br/>
Dia and I enjoyed the view of the deep sea.<br/>
“Hey, Takatsuki Makoto…how far are we going? Isn’t this far good enough for today?” (Cain)<br/>
Looks like it isn’t fun for Demon Lord Cain.<br/>
Even though this is such a wondrous sight.<br/>
But let’s stop going any further.<br/>
“It is about time we return.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah, let’s!” (Cain)<br/>
“Eeh~, I want to stay here for a bit more though.” (Dia)<br/>
Dia was unsatisfied by this, but this is the first day, so I would say we are going great.<br/>
We decided to return to the base.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
We return to the base and cook the fish that we caught on our way back.<br/>
I had Cain make the fire.<br/>
“Tomorrow we will be going to jump into the real exploration, so let’s rest early today.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…You seem to be having fun, Takatsuki Makoto.” (Cain)<br/>
“Really?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah… This is my first time doing something like adventuring, but I didn’t expect it to be this tiring.” (Cain)<br/>
After saying this, Demon Lord Cain laid to the side with <br/>
his armor still on<br/>
.<br/>
“Hey, Cainhart, no matter how you cut it, that’s way too harsh on you, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
When I said this, Cain glared at me.<br/>
“You are thinking about attacking me in my sleep when I am defenseless, huh! I won’t give the sacred treasure of Noah-sama to no one!” (Cain)<br/>
“No, that’s not what I mean… We are going to the depths of the Deep Scar tomorrow, so it is better to rest as best as possible. If you are going to sleep first, I will be the lookout. Good night.” (Makoto)<br/>
Saying this, I begin my water magic training.<br/>
“Are you…not going to sleep?” (Cain)<br/>
“Later I will.” (Makoto)<br/>
I answer as I create water butterflies.<br/>
It is a base close to the sea, so there’s a lot of Spirits.<br/>
It might also be because the Deep Sea Temple is closeby.<br/>
I look up.<br/>
The stars in the sky are beautiful.<br/>
“Takatsuki Makoto.” (Cain)<br/>
After a while of training, my name was called.<br/>
“What’s the matter, Cainhart?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…No, it is nothing… See ya tomorrow.” (Cain)<br/>
“Yeah, let’s explore deeper tomorrow.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…”<br/>
There was no response to my words, and I heard stable breathing not long after.<br/>
This would be the first step in my adventure to clear the Deep Sea Temple, so I couldn’t manage to sleep.<br/>
In the end, I only managed to fall asleep at around dawn.<br/>
And in this way, the first day of our adventure to the Last Dungeon finished.<br/>
 