[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates (WN) c259](https://isekailunatic.com/2021/03/24/wm-chapter-259-holy-maiden-anna-is-worried/)
<br/><br/>
TLN: Double Chapter today! Make sure you didn’t miss the previous one~.<br/>
◇Anna’s POV◇<br/>
“Yeah…that’s not balanced… There’s no way I can clear that… If you knew about that, please tell me, Ira-sama…” (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto-san was groaning on the bed.<br/>
It has already been 3 days since he came back.<br/>
He has been like that the whole time. <br/>
…Who is Ira-sama? <br/>
There’s no way it is the Goddess though.<br/>
“Master Makoto-sama…are you thirsty? Here, please drink some water.” (Momo)<br/>
“Yeah…thanks, Momo.” (Makoto)<br/>
Momo is gallantly having Makoto-san drink from the cup of water. <br/>
Makoto-sama was letting himself go with it. <br/>
“Fufufu♡, is it tasty? I will make lunch, okay?” (Momo)<br/>
“You are a great help, Momo.” (Makoto)<br/>
“It is okay~, Master Makoto-sama has been working really hard all the time after all~. Good boy, good boy.” (Momo)<br/>
Momo-chan was speaking kindly to Makoto-san as she brushed his hair. <br/>
I could only see the picture of a useless man being spoiled by a woman…<br/>
Is this okay?<br/>
“What? Spirit User-kun is still like that?” (Mel)<br/>
I heard a voice from my back.<br/>
“White Dragon-sama.” (Anna)<br/>
“That’s the man that said he would be fighting the Demon Lord in half a year…? This is quite the pathetic sight.” (Mel)<br/>
“It is apparently because Makoto-san met something fearsome in the Deep Sea Temple…” (Anna)<br/>
“I know, but we need him to get back on his feet already.” (Mel)<br/>
Saying this, the White Dragon-sama approached Makoto-san and…kicked him?! <br/>
Makoto-san falls down from the bed.<br/>
“Ouch.” (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto-san grumbles. <br/>
It doesn’t look like it hurt that much.<br/>
“White Dragon Master! What are you doing?!” (Momo)<br/>
Momo-chan raised her voice in anger. <br/>
“Argh, you weakling! Are you really the man that made me obey with sheer power?!” (Mel)<br/>
“…I will get up.” (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto-san stretched with a ‘hnnn~’ and got up from the bed.<br/>
His complexion had gone back to normal compared to 3 days ago.<br/>
“Uhm…Makoto-san, what in the world happened at the Deep Sea Temple?” (Anna)<br/>
I nervously ask. <br/>
Actually, because of how down Makoto-san looked, I have not heard what happened in detail.<br/>
“Aah, about that…” (Makoto)<br/>
What Makoto-san spoke out was unbelievable. <br/>
◇◇<br/>
“You…met the Divine Beast…Leviathan?” (Mel)<br/>
The White Dragon-sama opened her mouth wide in surprise to the point that it felt as if her jaw would drop. <br/>
“Makoto-sama, was the Divine Beast such a fearsome opponent?” (Momo)<br/>
“Well, the Divine Beast was problematic, but the bigger problem was…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Was…?” (Momo)<br/>
“I am sorry…Our King…” (Dia)<br/>
The one who appeared at the side of Makoto-san was Dia-san.<br/>
Contrary to her usual proud stance, she was subdued today and she curled up slightly.<br/>
“There’s a…barrier that nullifies spirit magic…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eh?! Then, what happened with Dia?” (Momo)<br/>
When Momo-chan asked, Dia-san hung her head down mortified.<br/>
“I can’t get close to it… That was created by the Sea God Neptus; a barrier that negates all Spirits… Damn it! Annoying Olympians! Once our lord is back…” (Dia)<br/>
“Okay, stop. Keep your mouth shut, Dia.” (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto-san covered the mouth of Dia-san looking slightly agitated there. <br/>
The Sea God Neptus-sama is one of the high ranking Gods and the uncle of Althena-sama. <br/>
That God placed a barrier to block Spirits…?<br/>
“Uhm…then, Dia was useless, so you gave up on the Deep Sea Temple?” (Momo)<br/>
Dia-san grabbed Momo-chan when she said that and went ‘What’s with this shrimp?!’.<br/>
“It is the truth!” (Momo)<br/>
Momo-chan bit on.<br/>
“Don’t fight, you two. I will continue challenging the Deep Sea Temple… I can’t think of a way to clear it though. Doing it without Spirit Magic is way too rough…” (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto-san heaves a heavy sigh.<br/>
His tone was the same as he usually is.<br/>
He might be returning to normal now.<br/>
At that moment…<br/>
“Wait wait wait wait wait!” (Mel)<br/>
The White Dragon-sama that had been frozen until now cut into the conversation.<br/>
“S-Spirit User-kun! Do you understand?! You are going against the Divine Beast Leviathan here, you know?! It was used in the mythological times, in the war of the Gods; an Interstellar War Weapon! There’s no way you would be able to match it!” (Mel)<br/>
Momo-chan and I were shocked by those words.<br/>
This is my first time hearing the words Interstellar War.<br/>
Is it the Divine Realm War that I have heard of in tales?<br/>
“I know about it. Ir—the Goddess-sama told me about it after all.” (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto-san said in a fed up voice.<br/>
“The power of the Divine Beast Leviathan can turn the whole world into an ocean with a flood…apparently. It is one of the 3 big fighting forces of the Divine Realm War. I wouldn’t think of doing a proper fight with it. I will have to deal with it in some way.” (Makoto)<br/>
“You think you can do it?! It is a mythological monster that has fought against Old Gods and even outside Gods! A Demon Lord doesn’t even begin to match it!” (Mel)<br/>
“Sadly to say, that’s my main objective… Well, I will try to not trouble you with that, Mel-san.” (Makoto)<br/>
“No, if you anger Leviathan, the world will perish… Just what in the world are you thinking…?” (Mel)<br/>
“It is okay. I won’t pick a fight with that.” (Makoto)<br/>
“That’s fine then…” (Mel)<br/>
I couldn’t keep up with the conversation of Makoto-san and the White Dragon-sama.<br/>
But what I understand is that Makoto-san hasn’t given up on his goal.<br/>
“Now then, let’s train. Momo, let’s go.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Eeh, let me spoil you a bit more. Here, I will give you a lap pillow~.” (Momo)<br/>
“I can’t afford to continue sleeping. I have slept a week’s worth already after all.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Aah, Master has returned to how he was.” (Momo)<br/>
“How were things while I was absent?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Fufufu, just watch. I have made great progress. It will surprise Master!” (Momo)<br/>
Makoto-san and Momo-chan left while talking. <br/>
“Good grief…” (Mel)<br/>
The White Dragon-sama sat at a chair in the temple as if relieved.<br/>
She poured tea for herself and was relaxing. <br/>
I was wondering what to do, and after a while, I decided to head to where Makoto-san and Momo-chan are training.<br/>
I could hear the voices of the two outside.<br/>
“Eh?” <br/>
I was caught off guard by the sight of the two after coming out. <br/>
“Clone magic! And then, Teleport!” (Momo)<br/>
The <br/>
seven clones<br/>
 of Momo-chan<br/>
 <br/>
were moving erratically or were using Teleport as they attacked Makoto-san. <br/>
I can’t follow it with my eyes! <br/>
Momo-chan, since when did you obtain a spell like that?! <br/>
But what was impressive was what came after.<br/>
“[Water Prison].” (Makoto)<br/>
Makoto-san used magic without showing any signs of being flustered. <br/>
The water restraining spell activated, and all seven Momo-chan’s were captured. <br/>
“Gyaah! Everyone got captured at the same time?! Even though I definitely attacked him in his blind spot?! Why?!” (Momo)<br/>
“That attack just now was pretty good. I was shaken a bit there.” (Makoto)<br/>
“You are not looking like that at all!! How did you do it?!” (Momo)<br/>
“By using 360° perspective and Mind Accel. Also, my water activation speed is fast.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Muuuh, I thought I could surprise Master!” (Momo)<br/>
“I was.” (Makoto)<br/>
“You are not at all! You won’t be able to maintain that calm face! I will show you my ultimate technique!” (Momo)<br/>
“Challenge accepted. My Clear Mind doesn’t crumble even in the face of Gods.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Master got his heart crushed because he experienced something scary in his training at the sea and became a shut-in, so this will be easy!” (Momo)<br/>
“Don’t bring that out!” (Makoto)<br/>
Momo-chan shot a Thunderbolt while talking. <br/>
That activation speed was so fast! <br/>
“Naive, little girl.” (Dia)<br/>
The Great Water Spirit-san that appeared by the side of Makoto-san brushed the Thunderbolt away <br/>
with her hand<br/>
.<br/>
Thunderbolt is a superior ranked spell though?! <br/>
And yet, she deflected it as if she were brushing away falling leaves?! <br/>
Momo-chan then shot several varied spells at them one after the other. <br/>
Makoto-san blocked them all with ease. <br/>
Makoto-san was handling her as if he were having fun seeing the growth of his disciple. <br/>
(E-Eh? …Momo-chan has become really strong?) (Anna)<br/>
It goes without saying with Makoto-san though.<br/>
The White Dragon-san also has outstanding magic and has the physical power of an Ancient Dragon.<br/>
C-Could it be that…I am the weakest in this party…?<br/>
(This wasn’t the time to be worrying about Makoto-san!) (Anna)<br/>
At this rate, I will become baggage! <br/>
After that, I desperately trained my sword magic and healing magic.<br/>
“…Makoto-san, are you not going to go to sleep?” (Anna)<br/>
I speak to Makoto-san who continued training his water magic even when it was already late in the night. <br/>
“I slept yesterday, so I am okay today.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…I-I see.” (Anna)<br/>
He is joking, right? <br/>
It sounds like he is saying it seriously, and that’s scary. <br/>
“Fuwaaah~…Our King, I will go sleep, okay~?” (Dia)<br/>
“Yeah, good night, Dia.” (Makoto)<br/>
Even though the Great Water Spirit is going to sleep?! <br/>
Momo-chan went to sleep a long time ago. <br/>
A vampire that sleeps early and is an early riser is questionable in itself though…<br/>
The White Dragon-sama leads a well regulated lifestyle, so the one who is leading the most inhuman lifestyle is Makoto-san. <br/>
“Is your training going well, Abe—Anna-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
Being asked by Makoto-san, I groaned and had a hard time speaking. <br/>
I worried about how to answer, and sat by the side of Makoto-san. <br/>
“Anna-san?” (Makoto)<br/>
He called my name confused. <br/>
I lean slightly on the shoulder of Makoto-san who is by my side.<br/>
“I am honestly on a roadblock…” (Anna)<br/>
I placed my head on Makoto-san’s shoulder and spoke my worries.<br/>
Is he not going to put a hand on my shoulder?, is what I thought, but he didn’t.<br/>
Makoto-san stopped doing magic training and looked at my face.<br/>
“According to what I heard from Mel-san, you can now activate Light Sword, right?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…Yes, but I can only use it for a few seconds.” (Anna)<br/>
I answered in a low voice.<br/>
The sword magic that was the only effective attack against Demon Lord Cain in Laberintos.<br/>
In an environment where the sunlight reaches, I can only maintain it for a few seconds to deal around 1 hit.<br/>
If I want to use it once more after that, it would take a while before it activates again.<br/>
Honestly speaking, I don’t think I can use it in actual combat. <br/>
But it seems like Makoto-san thought differently.<br/>
“Plenty enough.” (Makoto)<br/>
He grinned as if he were plotting something evil.<br/>
“Enough?” (Anna)<br/>
I don’t understand what he means.<br/>
There’s no way sword magic that only lasts for a few seconds is useful.<br/>
“We will have Johnny-san do his best against the underlings of the Demon Lord, and for the confidants Setekh and Shuri…Mel-san and I will do something about them. The problem is the Demon Lord. I will have to borrow the help of Dia’s sisters, huh. My lifespan is gonna go down again…” (Makoto)<br/>
“Uhm, Makoto-san…?” (Anna)<br/>
“You just prepare to shoot your Light Sword, Anna-san. I will stop the movements of the Demon Lord so that he won’t be able to avoid it.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…”<br/>
Is he being serious here? <br/>
When I was about to say ‘You are joking, right?’, I noticed.<br/>
His eyes were not joking around and he<br/>
 wasn’t worked up at all<br/>
.<br/>
—As if saying something of that degree wasn’t a big deal.<br/>
I felt that when looking at the eyes of Makoto-san.<br/>
Just what in the world is this person…? <br/>
He is different from everyone I have met before. <br/>
In this world that’s ruled by Demon Lords, it felt as if only Makoto-san was looking at a different world.<br/>
*Thump*<br/>
I could feel my heart throb. <br/>
I have been thinking about Makoto-san at the time he wasn’t here.<br/>
Since the time he returned, my eyes have been following him all the time.<br/>
When my master the Fire Hero died, I would always cry in my sleep.<br/>
But I haven’t been crying lately. <br/>
When I think of Makoto-san, I feel myself calming down.<br/>
I have been denying it being teased by Momo-chan.<br/>
But it looks like it is impossible to keep lying…<br/>
(When we defeat the Demon Lord…my feelings… But…) (Anna)<br/>
Right now I should concentrate on my duties.<br/>
Master the sword magic, Light Sword, that only I can use. <br/>
And then, I will fulfill the dearest wish of my mentor and parent figure, the Fire Hero, that is defeating the Demon Lord, and bring this continent back to the hands of humans. <br/>
That’s why, when that’s done…I will tell Makoto-san my feelings.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
Half a year after.<br/>
Momo-chan and I trained as much as possible.<br/>
I had the White Dragon-sama teach me magic; for the sword, I remembered the teachings of the Fire Hero; and in between those, I would pray to the Sun Goddess.<br/>
Momo-chan gained more and more strength.<br/>
Makoto-san would accompany the training of Momo-chan, would hear me out, and would go to the Deep Sea Temple every now and then.<br/>
And so, time passed…and the day for the decisive battle against the Demon Lord came.<br/>
 