[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c98](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/06/25/wm-chapter-98-takatsuki-makoto-goes-to-the-capitals-cemetery/)
<br/><br/>
Capital of Symphonia, communal cemetery.<br/>
They are heavily separated in two categories. <br/>
The first is where the nobles, sacred professions, and royalty rest; the Holy Cemetery.<br/>
Luxurious tombstones and extravagant burial articles. <br/>
And in order to avoid graverobbing, there’s templars patrolling 24/7.<br/>
“That’s why, if the Moon Oracle is hiding, I think it will be in this one.” (Sakurai)<br/>
The place Sakurai-kun brought Prince Leonard and I was the communal cemetery of the 4th-9th District. <br/>
In this place there’s the graves of humans, beastkin, and devilkin. <br/>
It is late at night.<br/>
We waited till a time when we wouldn’t catch the eye of people.<br/>
By the way, Sakurai-kun and Prince Leonard have changed into simple armor. <br/>
Me? My regular clothes are plain, so I didn’t need any disguises. Yay for me…<br/>
“But this cemetery should have templars and priests patrolling too. For cases when corpses turn into undead.” (Leonard)<br/>
Prince Leonard said.<br/>
That’s right, a problem in Isekais. Undead appearing in cemeteries.<br/>
In preparation for that, there’s patrols for this cemetery as well.<br/>
But…<br/>
“I don’t see any people.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah, instead, there’s undead moving around.” (Sakurai)<br/>
Sakurai-kun responded to me.<br/>
There’s zombies and skeletons around the cemetery.<br/>
It is similar to the situation in the underground canals.<br/>
We used [Stealth] to walk around.<br/>
I am surprised Sakurai-kun can use [Stealth].<br/>
Even though he is so strong that he doesn’t need to hide from any monster.<br/>
There’s a whole lot of trees growing in the cemetery, and it has turned into a pseudo forest. On top of that, there’s a deep mist which lowers visibility.<br/>
There should be no worries of zombies finding us.<br/>
Even so, it feels as if undeads are serving as lookouts, standing at specific locations.<br/>
It is not a natural occurrence.<br/>
“This…is a hit?” (Makoto)<br/>
“The Moon Oracle can use necromancy. There’s a high chance she is here.” (Sakurai)<br/>
“If we consider that the templars and priests are not around because of the Moon Magic, [Puppet], to control them, this would make sense.” (Leonard)<br/>
Sakurai-kun and Prince Leonard vouch to my assumption.<br/>
…We found the wanted person being searched in the whole capital in one go.<br/>
That’s Noah-sama for you.<br/>
I gotta thank her later.<br/>
(Fufu, right~?) (Noah)<br/>
Ah, you were watching, huh.<br/>
Thank you, Noah-sama.<br/>
(Be careful. The Moon Oracle is dangerous.) (Noah)<br/>
Is that so.<br/>
Noah-sama is somewhat of a worrywart, but if a Goddess is saying she is dangerous, she must be.<br/>
“By the way, this may be weird after inviting him, but is it okay for Prince Leonard to have come together with us?” (Makoto)<br/>
Prince Leonard cannot use [Stealth] so he is grabbing my sleeve.<br/>
He is cute. Is he a small critter?<br/>
“It is okay. Sofia-neesama told me to cooperate with you, Makoto-san.” (Leonard)<br/>
His tone is reliable, but a cemetery at night for a 9 year old should be scary.<br/>
Each time he sees a zombie, he goes ‘hiih!’ and his shoulders quiver.<br/>
I have done something bad to him.<br/>
I feel bad making him face a scary experience like this.<br/>
Princess Sofia is gonna get angry at me for this…<br/>
“Before meeting the Moon Oracle, I want you two to be careful about something.” (Sakurai)<br/>
Sakurai-kun speaks to us in a serious tone.<br/>
“The Moon Oracle has Destiny Magic and can see the future. It is not almighty, but there’s the chance that she already knows that we are searching for her. Also, her [Puppet] and [Charm] are Monarch Rank. When I was touched by her, even I wasn’t able to resist it and was controlled.” (Sakurai)<br/>
“E-Even you, the Light Hero?!” (Leonard)<br/>
Prince Leonard raised a voice of surprise.<br/>
“Yeah. Fortunately, I was saved by my comrades. The ones who don’t have magic resistance to mind abnormal effects apparently must not listen to her voice or meet her eyes either.” (Sakurai)<br/>
“You can’t do anything against her then.” (Makoto)<br/>
I was amazed by the explanation of Sakurai-kun.<br/>
I am surprised they managed to capture someone like that.<br/>
“I have [Clear Mind] so I will probably be okay. Prince Leonard, you learned [Calm]?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Y-Yes. I have learned [Calm] just as you told me to. I will be okay.” (Leonard)<br/>
Then, we shouldn’t get easily charmed.<br/>
“I will convince the Moon Oracle. She has probably used necromancy to make powerful undead bodyguards, so I want you to hold them back.” (Sakurai)<br/>
Sakurai-kun divided the roles.<br/>
“Got it.” (Makoto)<br/>
“U-Understood.” (Leonard)<br/>
Even though Prince Leonard must be scared, he still responded.<br/>
“… Also, the most important thing.” (Sakurai)<br/>
The voice of Sakurai-kun raises in seriousness.<br/>
There’s still more?<br/>
“You must not attack the Moon Oracle.” (Sakurai)<br/>
“The curse of the Moon Oracle, right?” (Leonard)<br/>
Prince Leonard continues what Sakurai-kun was saying.<br/>
“Must not attack? Curse?” (Makoto)<br/>
I don’t plan on attacking her though.<br/>
She seems to be a scapegoat of the Sun Country after all.<br/>
But what’s this about a curse?<br/>
“The people who injure the Moon Oracle get afflicted with the Retribution Curse. In the case that the Moon Oracle is killed, the person who killed the Oracle is afflicted by the Death Curse, no exceptions.” (Sakurai)<br/>
“The Death Curse doesn’t only hit the person that killed her but the people around as well. One theory says that it is a curse that could even bring down a country.” (Leonard)<br/>
“…Scary!” (Makoto)<br/>
The Moon Element reigns over death and darkness, and it is under the jurisdiction of the Goddess Naia.<br/>
The Moon Oracle has received all the blessings of the moon.<br/>
…It certainly does sound dangerous, Noah-sama.<br/>
I should set [Clear Mind] high.<br/>
It would lower my ability with Spirit Magic though.<br/>
But it is scary, you know.<br/>
Right, there’s something I have to say too.<br/>
“Sakurai-kun, I also have one request.” (Makoto)<br/>
“What is it?” (Sakurai)<br/>
I glance at Prince Leonard who is grabbing my sleeve.<br/>
“Prince Leonard and I found undead in the communal cemetery by chance and were together with Sakurai-kun to subjugate them. We are completely unrelated with this matter of helping the Moon Oracle escape. Okay?” (Makoto)<br/>
“…I see. Indeed. Now that I think about it, I am having two Water Heroes cross a bridge as dangerous as this, huh.” (Sakurai)<br/>
Sakurai-kun made a pained expression.<br/>
It is something that he would have normally noticed if he were calm and composed though.<br/>
As I thought, the weight of being the reincarnation of the Savior and his standing as a Knight Captain is hitting him hard.<br/>
“It is okay. Don’t mind it.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Thanks.” (Sakurai)<br/>
“By the way, can you convince the Moon Oracle? I don’t know what kind of person she is though.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Yeah… I have been visiting her everyday when she was imprisoned, so she shouldn’t have that bad of an impression of me…but I am the one who captured her, so she might have a grudge against me…” (Sakurai)<br/>
“Oi oi.” (Makoto)<br/>
Will this be okay?<br/>
But to meet the captured princess of a fallen country everyday, you really are acting like the main protagonist of a story.<br/>
You got 20 wives though. Wouldn’t that be cheating?<br/>
“It was silly of me to ask you about how to deal with a woman, Sakurai-kun. I leave it to you.” (Makoto)<br/>
“No, I am not good at dealing with women either…” (Sakurai)<br/>
“Huh? If the guy that was going out with a female teacher of a university in middle school isn’t used to women, then who is?” (Makoto)<br/>
Don’t bullshit me! <br/>
Apologize to the inexperienced me!<br/>
“W-Who told you that?! The teacher approached me and I had no choice…wait, how do you know that, Takatsuki-kun?!” (Sakurai)<br/>
“Sa-san told me. The network of girls is incredible.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Kuh! Could it be that all the girls knew…?” (Sakurai)<br/>
“U-Uhm…” (Leonard)<br/>
While Sakurai-kun and I were talking about our objectives, Prince Leonard nervously interjected.<br/>
Sorry, the latter part was completely unrelated.<br/>
“Ah, sorry. By the way, are you okay with tagging along in this, Prince Leonard? Sakurai-kun and I can do this on our own if you are not willing.” (Makoto)<br/>
“No, I will go too! But you two seem to be really in sync.” (Leonard)<br/>
For some reason, he looks at us as if jealous.<br/>
In sync? Really?<br/>
I feel like we were just having a silly talk though.<br/>
“Then, let’s go deeper.” (Sakurai)<br/>
Prince Leonard and I nod at Sakura-kun.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
A transparent beauty illuminated by the moon as if she were a beautiful ghost.<br/>
Those were the words that surfaced when I saw her from faraway.<br/>
Black glossy hair.<br/>
A white dress that doesn’t match a cemetery.<br/>
Her listless profile is clean and symmetric like that of a doll.<br/>
The woman is sitting at the rock in the vicinity of a small pond, and there’s knights with armor and helmets surrounding her, standing ready.<br/>
There’s around 20 knights.<br/>
We used [Stealth] and hid at the shadow of a tree, waiting for the timing.<br/>
(Is that the Moon Oracle, Sakurai-kun?) (Makoto)<br/>
(Yeah, no doubt. So she was here.) (Sakurai)<br/>
The voice of Sakurai-kun had relief and kindness mixed in it.<br/>
He was that worried about her, huh.<br/>
(The Moon Oracle that can charm everything in this world…) (Leonard)<br/>
The mutter of Prince Leonard bothered me.<br/>
(What’s that?) (Makoto)<br/>
(Makoto-san, the Moon Oracle is said to be the second most beautiful thing after the Goddesses.) (Leonard)<br/>
(I see…) (Makoto)<br/>
The most beautiful after the Goddesses, huh.<br/>
It is true that this place feels illusory mainly because of the beauty of the Moon Oracle.<br/>
We were hiding in the shadow of the tree for a while, but…<br/>
“How about you come out, Light Hero, Ryousuke.” <br/>
(((?!))) <br/>
She knew already.<br/>
Sakurai-kun glanced at us…at me.<br/>
We exchanged glances, and nod lightly.<br/>
(Understood.) (Makoto)<br/>
I will stay hidden at first and assist him when the timing is right.<br/>
I raised one hand and gave him the sign of ‘got it’.<br/>
“Hey there, Moon Oracle, Furiae.” (Sakurai)<br/>
Sakurai-kun shows up from the shadows of the tree and speaks to her carefreely as if talking to a female classmate.<br/>
His voice was filled with lightness and kindness.<br/>
“What did you come here for?” (Furiae)<br/>
On the other hand, the Moon Oracle’s voice is cold.<br/>
“To save you.” (Sakurai)<br/>
“Can you leave me be? I prefer being alone.” (Furiae)<br/>
Hmm, I can’t read her true feelings from her tone of voice.<br/>
“But the gates of Symphonia always have templars with [Detection] as lookouts. You alone wouldn’t be able to escape, right?” (Sakurai)<br/>
“It is okay. An uproar will occur soon in the capital. I will use that to escape.” (Furiae)<br/>
“…Are you talking about the beastkin rebellion? We have captured the leaders already. The rebellion won’t happen.” (Sakurai)<br/>
“Heeh…Is that so.” (Furiae)<br/>
The voice of the Moon Oracle was completely calm. <br/>
It is as if she were sure that the rebellion will surely happen.<br/>
“There’s monsters gathering around the capital. It is probably the doing of the Snake Church.” (Furiae)<br/>
“We’ve also done preparations for that too. The Sun Knights and the Four Sky Knight Orders are strengthening the security of the gates. The monsters won’t be able to enter the capital.” (Sakurai)<br/>
“…Fufu, really?” (Furiae)<br/>
The tone of the Moon Oracle sounded as if she was making fun of him.<br/>
I don’t feel like the convincing is going well. <br/>
Or more like, it doesn’t feel like she needs any saving?<br/>
“Could it be that you are connected to the Snake Church?” (Sakurai)<br/>
“…Don’t say such a stupid thing. I am being shunned by those guys.” (Furiae)<br/>
According to the Moon Oracle, she is not the ally of the Snake Church. <br/>
Well, they follow a different God, so I guess that makes sense.<br/>
“If you get it already, can you go somewhere else? I don’t need your help.” (Furiae)<br/>
Saying this, the knights that were standing ready direct their swords at Sakurai-kun.<br/>
Sakurai-kun doesn’t take out his sword.<br/>
Is he going to be okay?<br/>
“You don’t need my help?” (Sakurai)<br/>
Sakurai-kun says with a pained voice.<br/>
“You have been annoying for a while now. Even though I don’t want to see your face.” (Furiae)<br/>
The voice of the Moon Oracle had irritation mixed in it.<br/>
When she raised her hand to the moon, the 20 knights all attacked Sakurai-kun at the same time.<br/>
Woah, she is suddenly attacking?! <br/>
“Sakurai-kun!” “Sakurai-san!” <br/>
Prince Leonard and I jumped out.<br/>
“Oh my, new faces. That’s not the Holy Knight woman that’s always with you.” (Furiae)<br/>
Is she talking about Yokoyama-san?<br/>
I had no time to think about that, Sakurai-kun was surrounded by the knights.<br/>
Being able to fight off those numbers with his bare hands is just like him, but…<br/>
(…The movements of Sakurai-kun are dull…?) (Makoto)<br/>
“Makoto-san! The Light Hero-sama cannot show his true strength unless he is under the sun!” (Leonard)<br/>
Ah, right! There’s that setting!<br/>
The knights obeying the Moon Oracle -now that I have a good look at them- have lifeless skeleton faces.<br/>
Undead Knights.<br/>
Zombies and Skeletons can’t compare.<br/>
These guys are the true fighting force of the Moon Oracle.<br/>
“Prince Leonard, excuse me for a bit.” (Makoto)<br/>
“Makoto-san?” (Leonard)<br/>
I hold the hand of Prince Leonard.<br/>
—Synchro.<br/>
“Hah!” (Leonard)<br/>
Prince Leonard twitches, but I will apologize later.<br/>
“Water Magic: [Water Dragon]!” (Makoto)<br/>
I shot Superior Rank Magic, and hit the Undead Knights.<br/>
I sent a number of them flying.<br/>
“Hmm, a mage?” (Furiae)<br/>
The Moon Oracle wasn’t flustered by this and walked over to where we are as if bored.<br/>
Sakurai-kun is fighting with the other Undead Knights.<br/>
He certainly isn’t the cheat Hero he normally is like at that time in Laberintos.<br/>
He feels like a normal strong warrior.<br/>
But it doesn’t look like he will be losing.<br/>
He is fighting bare handed after all.<br/>
More importantly, the Moon Oracle that’s not losing her composure, Furiae.<br/>
She showed a smile and slowly approached us.<br/>
“M-Makoto-san…” (Leonard)<br/>
“Prince Leonard, don’t forget [Calm].” (Makoto)<br/>
Prince Leonard grips my hand tightly.<br/>
I take a stance with my dagger to protect Prince Leonard.<br/>
But I can’t attack the Moon Oracle.<br/>
What should I do?<br/>
“I am glad today is a full moon.” (Furiae)<br/>
The Moon Oracle smiles kindly as she says this.<br/>
“Can you listen to my request?” (Furiae)<br/>
The eyes of the Moon Oracle shine golden.<br/>
Is that the same as the Water Goddess Eir-sama…?<br/>
Charm magic again?<br/>
It doesn’t work on me thanks to [Clear Mind].<br/>
Prince Leonard has learned [Calm].<br/>
Too bad, Moon Oracle-san.<br/>
Is what I was relieved when…<br/>
“Watch out!” (Sakurai)<br/>
I was pushed away by Sakurai-kun.<br/>
Oi! What are you…<br/>
“Eh?” (Makoto)<br/>
What I was looking at was…Prince Leonard who had stabbed Sakurai-kun with his sword.<br/>
Previous Chapter l Next Chapter<br/>
Advertisements<br/>
Powered by wordads.co<br/>
We've received your report.<br/>
                        Thanks for your feedback!<br/>
Seen too often<br/>
Not relevant<br/>
Offensive<br/>
Broken<br/>
Report this ad<br/>
 