[Clearing an Isekai with the Zero-Believers Goddess – The Weakest Mage among the Classmates c99](https://isekailunatic.com/2020/06/26/wm-chapter-99-the-fallen-country-and-the-cursed-princess/)
<br/><br/>
◇Moon Oracle Furiae POV◇<br/>
I have always been alone since the time I had awareness.<br/>
I don’t know the faces of my parents.<br/>
I don’t even know if I have siblings.<br/>
No friends.<br/>
I can only rely on myself.<br/>
The eyes directed at me are only those of shirking and…hatred.<br/>
The fallen country, the Moon Country of Laphroaig.<br/>
That’s the place I was born and raised in.<br/>
The Moon Oracle who betrayed the humans and colluded with the demons 1,000 years ago; her other name: Calamity Witch.<br/>
If you touch, hear her voice, or meet her eyes, she can control you at her will.<br/>
It is said that the only one who wouldn’t be controlled was the Great Demon Lord of old.<br/>
According to legends, the Calamity Witch was the lover of the Great Demon Lord.<br/>
She was hated by the most people in history…the Moon Oracle of 1,000 years ago.<br/>
I am apparently her reincarnation.<br/>
At the ruins of the Moon Country, I was secretly raised by people who follow the Moon Goddess Naia, and was revered.<br/>
What a joke…<br/>
Because of a damn woman from far in the past, my life is a mess.<br/>
I just wanted a peaceful life.<br/>
I remember the time when I was captured.<br/>
“This can’t be helped.” <br/>
“I…am sorry for you, but…”<br/>
The guy that’s apparently called the Pope Roma had a smile as if pasted on him, and the unconcerned look of the Sun Oracle named Noel.<br/>
At their back, there’s the Light Hero that captured me.<br/>
…Why are you making such a sad face?<br/>
You hypocrite.<br/>
The peaceful life I was leading in Laphroaig was trampled down by a bunch of people calling themselves the Sun Knights.<br/>
Both my legs and arms were restrained with thick iron shackles.<br/>
A prison under the Grand Sanctuary. <br/>
In here, almost all of my magic is sealed by the power of the Sun Goddess.<br/>
I can’t escape, but because of the curse in my body, they won’t kill me.<br/>
I am being left alive as if I were livestock.<br/>
No, since I serve no purpose at all, I would be less than livestock…<br/>
“…Sorry.” <br/>
For some reason, the Light Hero would come everyday to the cell I am in.<br/>
“If you are, then I would like you to get me out of here though.” (Furiae)<br/>
“…That’s…I can’t…” (Sakurai)<br/>
If you can’t, then disappear already.<br/>
Trying to put on a nice guy face makes me wanna puke.<br/>
“Moon Oracle, Furiae…you haven’t led devilkin and have no connection with the Snake Church, right?” (Sakurai)<br/>
“I have led nothing, and I am actually hated by the Snake Church people.” (Furiae)<br/>
The main cause devilkins are hated all over the world is said to be because of the Calamity Witch.<br/>
The appeased lifestyle between humans and demons that was pushed forward in Laphroaig.<br/>
This led to humans and demons having blood ties.<br/>
In those days, within the many countries that were controlled by the Great Demon Lord, Laphroaig was the only one that was spared from oppression.<br/>
The reason is because the marriage between humans and demons was pushed.<br/>
Slowly increasing the amount of devilkins, and eliminating the discord between humans and demons…was apparently the objective.<br/>
It ended up failing though.<br/>
They were being controlled with charm magic without getting the permission of the people themselves, so of course it wouldn’t go well. <br/>
The one who made the devilkin increase plan was the Moon Oracle 1,000 years ago.<br/>
The result was that several tens of thousands of vagrants were born though…<br/>
But I have nothing to do with that!<br/>
The ones leading the devilkin are the Snake Church who aim to make the devilkin flourish.<br/>
I am unrelated with those people.<br/>
I am being treated in the same way as them though.<br/>
In the end, the Light Hero continued coming everyday.<br/>
My dislike in seeing his face slowly decreased.<br/>
“…Don’t come anymore.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Well, isn’t it fine? …This is a strange fruit I found recently.” (Sakurai)<br/>
Why are you bringing things to me every time?<br/>
“I would like something more sweet…” (Furiae)<br/>
“Got it! Next time, I will bring something different!” (Sakurai)<br/>
The next day, he brought something else.<br/>
What’s with this guy…<br/>
So weird.<br/>
◇◇<br/>
“Come! I know you are connected with the Snake Church!” <br/>
One day, a guy that’s apparently the first prince of the Sun Country suddenly came and brought me to a different place.<br/>
I don’t know the Snake Church.<br/>
Even if I told them that, they don’t believe me.<br/>
But it was lucky that I was able to leave the church prison that has a strong barrier. <br/>
The pointless questioning was a pain, but I looked for an opening, talked to a knight nearby and controlled him.<br/>
And then, I hid in the underground canals, looking for a chance to escape the capital.<br/>
The underground canals are vast, and I created undead to look for an exit, and had them explore.<br/>
I explored for several days, but…<br/>
(…The undead have been defeated?) <br/>
It was sudden.<br/>
All of the undead that I made to explore the undead canals were defeated.<br/>
It looks like the templars have begun to search. <br/>
Well, fine.<br/>
I learned that I can’t escape from the underground canals anyways.<br/>
There were templars in all of the exits.<br/>
If it is only one or two, I could manage somehow, but if it is a squad, it is impossible.<br/>
(I have to make new warriors…) <br/>
I was walking through the communal cemetery of the capital.<br/>
The communal cemetery is my headquarters.<br/>
There’s a whole lot of corpses for necromancy.<br/>
…I actually don’t want to make undead though.<br/>
I controlled undead at night, and at noon, I would go to the 6th District to act as a fortune teller and gather information.<br/>
There was interesting information recently.<br/>
There’s apparently a beastkin rebellion in Symphonia.<br/>
Even so, at the time when the Light Hero is having his inauguration ceremony and the knights of the Sun Country are gathering? It is a question I had, but once I investigated further, the mystery was solved.<br/>
The ones pulling the strings from the shadows was that annoying Snake Church.<br/>
A heretic church that is made up of people from the Moon Country.<br/>
They plan on causing an insurrection here.<br/>
I will run away using the chaos created there. <br/>
I don’t plan on stopping the rebellion.<br/>
I have no responsibility to.<br/>
Rather, the Pope and Sun Oracle that looked down on me should be caught in it and die.<br/>
That’s what I was thinking.<br/>
I can see the future with Destiny Magic.<br/>
But it is not an assured future.<br/>
If I could do that, I wouldn’t be captured.<br/>
But the beastkin rebellion and the mayhem set by the Snake Church.<br/>
I can clearly see the time of it.<br/>
Just a few days.<br/>
In that time, I can escape.<br/>
I will stay hidden in the communal cemetery until then.<br/>
I am controlling all the templars watching the cemetery with charm magic.<br/>
I also have undead on watch.<br/>
There shouldn’t be any problems.<br/>
But today was different from usual.<br/>
(…Someone has come.) <br/>
No, I know who.<br/>
It is the Light Hero.<br/>
The thread of fate that only Destiny Magic users can see.<br/>
By seeing the amount of fate threads the person has, I can tell the importance of that person and their influence.<br/>
A normal person would have 10 and it would be on the high side.<br/>
Nobles would have around 100.<br/>
The Light Hero has thousands.<br/>
I can understand why he is the reincarnation of the Savior Abel.<br/>
What unbelievable influence.<br/>
I can tell a person like that is approaching me.<br/>
“How about you come out, Light Hero, Ryosuke?” (Furiae)<br/>
I called out the name of the guy that I haven’t seen in a while.<br/>
“Hey there.” (Sakurai)<br/>
An eloquent voice that doesn’t fit a cemetery. <br/>
It is the same face I saw everyday at the prison.<br/>
…No, he looks a little tired?<br/>
Is he okay?<br/>
“What did you come here for?” (Furiae)<br/>
But well, I have a guess as to what it is though.<br/>
He most likely will say some naive stuff like he wants to save me.<br/>
It would be one thing if he came alone, but he has come with comrades.<br/>
It is most likely the usual female knight.<br/>
…Don’t come to the place of a woman with other women.<br/>
Is what I thought, but they were unknown people.<br/>
Subordinates of the Light Hero.<br/>
One of them is a pretty young looking child. <br/>
The other one is…incredibly weak?<br/>
What a weird duo.<br/>
I will use undead knights to buy time and escape.<br/>
The Light Hero won’t be fighting seriously, judging from his personality.<br/>
I was thinking about having the two warriors he brought get a little injured with charm magic, but…<br/>
“Eh?”<br/>
Wait, Ryousuke?! <br/>
Why are you covering for your own subordinate and getting injured?!<br/>
“Aah, geez!” (Furiae)<br/>
I got flustered and ended up running away from there.<br/>
◇Takatsuki Makoto POV◇<br/>
“Sakurai-kun!” (Makoto)<br/>
I used [RPG Player] to change my perspective, and the spaced-out eyes of Prince Leonard attacking with his sword and Sakurai-kun getting in between happened almost in that same instant.<br/>
Blood splashed under the light of the moon.<br/>
Crap!<br/>
The newly learned [Calm] from Prince Leonard was not enough to block it!<br/>
“Guh!” <br/>
The sword of the prince cut the right shoulder of Sakurai-kun and he fell down on the ground.<br/>
“Just w-what in the world did I…” (Leonard)<br/>
Prince Leonard returns to his senses.<br/>
He was controlled only for an instant, huh.<br/>
“What are you doing?!” (Furiae)<br/>
The Moon Oracle looked over here and had a surprised expression.<br/>
…You did that yourself, right?<br/>
“H-Hold them back!” (Furiae)<br/>
The Moon Oracle ordered the undead and she ran away.<br/>
“Sakurai-kun, are you okay?!” (Makoto)<br/>
“S-Sakurai-san, what have I done…?” (Leonard)<br/>
“Don’t worry, Prince Leonard. Sorry, Takatsuki-kun. Can you chase after Furiae since the charm doesn’t work on you? I will catch up. But don’t touch her at all cost!” (Sakurai)<br/>
Saying this, Sakurai-kun uses an item to restore himself.<br/>
Doesn’t look like a fatal wound. Good.<br/>
“If you are okay, that’s fine, Sakurai-kun… By the way, what happens if I touch her?” (Makoto)<br/>
“Even when I was under the light of the sun, the moment I touched her, I couldn’t go against her charm magic. There’s no one in this world who won’t get controlled when touched by the Moon Oracle!” (Sakurai)<br/>
“Got it.” (Makoto)<br/>
Must not be injured.<br/>
Must not be touched.<br/>
What a problematic opponent.<br/>
But I can’t just let her go like this.<br/>
(Sakurai-kun was injured because of my mistake…) (Makoto)<br/>
It was an attack of Prince Leonard that I could have avoided with my RPG Player perspective change.<br/>
I lowered my guard because I thought things would go well with Sakurai-kun here.<br/>
That’s not good.<br/>
I leave the undead to Prince Leonard and Sakurai-kun, and chase after the Moon Oracle that ran deep into the cemetery. <br/>
(She runs fast!) (Makoto)<br/>
I chase after the Moon Oracle, but I can’t catch up at all.<br/>
We are drifting further and further apart instead.<br/>
(Well, she is an Oracle after all.) (Makoto)<br/>
Oracles are in the same class as Heroes in this world.<br/>
There’s practically no scenarios where they fight directly with monsters, but the stats of the Oracles are apparently abnormally high.<br/>
On the other hand, I have stats lower than that of regular people.<br/>
If I were to do arm wrestling with Prince Sofia, I would lose…probably.<br/>
So sad! Even though I am a Hero!<br/>
(Well, if you can’t win fairly, you can pull her leg.) (Makoto)<br/>
[Ice Floor].<br/>
I freeze the footing of the Moon Oracle.<br/>
“?!” <br/>
The Moon Oracle was about to fall. <br/>
But she somehow managed to stay on foot.<br/>
She is good.<br/>
She tried to change directions and escape, but…<br/>
[Ice Floor] [Ice Floor] [Ice Floor] [Ice Floor].<br/>
I freeze all the places the Moon Oracle was going to run to.<br/>
“……”<br/>
The Moon Oracle-san looks at me with hatred and turns over here.<br/>
Did she give up?<br/>
The Moon Oracle extends her hand towards the moon and…<br/>
“My servants pulled from the gates of death…” (Furiae)<br/>
The voice of the Moon Oracle resonated as if singing.<br/>
That tone of voice was mesmerizing.<br/>
Guided by that beautiful voice, an army of ugly zombies crawled out from the ground.<br/>
Hoh, so this is necromancy.<br/>
“You deal with these guys!” (Furiae)<br/>
The zombies surround me and block me from proceeding.<br/>
The Moon Oracle tried to escape in that opening, but…”<br/>
“Spirit-sans, Spirit-sans…” (Makoto)<br/>
Water Magic: [Ice World].<br/>
I freeze the zombies, the ground, the trees -everything.<br/>
But I only exclude the place around the Moon Oracle.<br/>
With this, there shouldn’t be a curse counter.<br/>
“…How skillful.” (Furiae)<br/>
“Sorry about that. I am a bit pissed after having my friend hurt.” (Makoto)<br/>
Reflecting from my battle with Geralt-san, I put [Clear Mind] to around 50%.<br/>
Looks like my anger transmitted to the Spirits to a certain degree.<br/>
“Wait for a bit here until Sakurai-kun arrives.” (Makoto)<br/>
“…”<br/>
I haven’t attacked the Moon Oracle directly.<br/>
If she tries to, I can just make the ground slippery with ice.<br/>
All around the Moon Oracle has been covered in ice.<br/>
“What a troublesome mage.” (Furiae)<br/>
The eyes of the Moon Oracle that felt as if they were trying to kill me with its glare were shining golden.<br/>
Charm magic again?<br/>
That doesn’t work on me though.<br/>
(No, that’s not it. It is not only her eyes. The whole body of the Moon Oracle is shining…) (Makoto)<br/>
*Crack*<br/>
The sound of the ice on the foot of the Moon Oracle cracking reached my ears, which was the same moment I noticed that was the sound of her dashing forward…<br/>
(Geh! She is coming towards me?! So what’s covering her whole body is Aura?!) (Makoto)<br/>
I take a stance with my dagger at her charge.<br/>
Moreover, she is quite fast!<br/>
(No, I can’t attack.) (Makoto)<br/>
I remember the words of Sakurai-kun about getting curse countered and hurriedly lowered my dagger.<br/>
I hesitated on what to do.<br/>
Damn it!<br/>
Lowering my [Clear Mind] came to bite me here…<br/>
In that instant I couldn’t choose the best response…<br/>
The hand of the Moon Oracle grabbed my arm.<br/>
Previous Chapter l Next Chapter<br/>
 