<br/>
I am Misumi Makoto.<br/>
Second year high-school student attending the local Nakatsuhara high school.<br/>
My club is the archery club, my specialty is archery.<br/>
Grades are so-so, physical strength average.<br/>
Appearance, probably not so good yet not so bad.<br/>
Hobbies are somewhat otakuish, though my range is pretty big so I normally try out everything I can.<br/>
Interests that will not change are the bow and era dramas.<br/>
The good part in my life, the look of me utilizing the bow.<br/>
Though, I still think I have a normal profile.<br/>
To be in such a place is definitely not fitted for me.<br/>
A reddish-brown wasteland as far as the eye can see.<br/>
This looks like the places I have heard about in my classes.<br/>
In the day it would get hot, at night it would become chilling, those kind of places.<br/>
From the time I have been sent here I have already faced 2 nights.<br/>
I haven’t eating anything, yet for some strange reason I don’t feel hungry.<br/>
I have been told that in this otherworld I can display physical abilities that surpass human capability so maybe that is the reason why.<br/>
Ah… why am I in this kind of place?<br/>
Answer, the result of a prank by God.<br/>
I get it, I already get it.<br/>
I don’t know how many times I have asked and answered myself this question.<br/>
What should have been a normal day with nothing happening.<br/>
Being called by one of the Mikos, Tsukuyomi Mikoto, then being abducted by that weird goddess and after that here I am.<br/>
The first one gave me an impression of being a kind God, the later one God is one that I don’t even want to acknowledge.<br/>
So the later Goddess one, no, the existence worse than a bug threw me out to an unknown wasteland where not only people but even the presence of animals could not be sensed.<br/>
Really, I don’t understand anything.<br/>
In this situation with no belongings at all, I walked through the wide unchanging scenery of the wasteland all day.<br/>
Instead of kidnapping this was closer to murder.<br/>
No good, the more I think about that bitch the more depressed I get.<br/>
My surroundings are already pitch black.<br/>
There was the light of the stars but it was not suitable for walking.<br/>
Because this body had already gotten used to electric light, the darkness in this place instilled fear.<br/>
But even if I say so, sleeping is a no go.<br/>
I have been feeling drowsy but if I sleep deeply, dangerous things might approach me.<br/>
That I can’t see anything doesn’t mean there isn’t anything at all.<br/>
I am starting to feel that it wouldn’t be bad to follow what the Goddess said and encounter some orc or goblins.<br/>
A place where I can sleep peacefully. I didn’t think that such a place would be feel so important to me.<br/>
Tomorrow.<br/>
Tomorrow for sure.<br/>
I pray for a change to occur.<br/>
If possible, please let me have a conversation with someone.<br/>
I won’t even care about the looks, I also want to find food.<br/>
Ha… I hope morning can come soon.<br/>
An incredibly long night that can’t compare to when I watched anime on the net in my room to pass time.<br/>
Second day of living in the otherworld, the same as the first. Nothing happening.<br/>
In a shadow of a rock I rolled up my knees and waited for morning to come.<br/>
Previous Chapter  l  Next chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
				__ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
					__ATA.initDynamicSlot({<br/>
						id: 'atatags-977445811-5e88815f6cfec',<br/>
						location: 120,<br/>
						formFactor: '001',<br/>
						label: {<br/>
							text: 'Advertisements',<br/>
						},<br/>
						creative: {<br/>
							reportAd: {<br/>
								text: 'Report this ad',<br/>
							},<br/>
							privacySettings: {<br/>
								text: 'Privacy settings',<br/>
							}<br/>
						}<br/>
					});<br/>
				});<br/>
			<br/>
<br/>
            __ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
                __ATA.initVideoSlot('atatags-977445815-5e88815f6d01c', {<br/>
                    sectionId: '977445815',<br/>
                    format: 'inread'<br/>
                });<br/>
            });<br/>
        <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
August 24, 2015August 24, 2015 ReigokaiUncategorized <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
