<br/>
Translator:<br/>
Good news and bad news guys.<br/>
Good news, Metal Gear Solid V is out. Bad news, Metal Gear Solid V is out.<br/>
I will soon be going on dangerous infiltration missions to save the world so my speed in translation may be affected. Before I enter this dangerous missions I will try to squeeze out some chapters though.<br/>
But you see, no one can get in the way of my MGS craze 🙂<br/>
Anyways, enjoy! ^^<br/>
———-<br/>
Persist, me.<br/>
Presently I am facing a sudden turn of events that I can’t understand, and for now I have tried to encourage myself.<br/>
Asora has clearly gotten bigger. It has become more and more into something I can’t understand.<br/>
Wow.<br/>
At the horizon I can see a pitch-black forest. That place was supposed to be a green prairie before. Moreover, another forest was made close to our vicinity.<br/>
Also, a river that looked like it was here from the very beginning, was now flowing. It traversed to the distance and crossed the orcs village and continued heading downstream to somewhere. Maybe there is a sea in the end?<br/>
It’s not an optical illusion.<br/>
I investigated but, physically the topography had expanded and changed as well. The wall that was in the far away distance of Asora, now I have to use [Sakai] to be able to see where it is. The water flow disappears somewhere inside it so in the future it may become even bigger.<br/>
The size may even compete with Hokkaido. I said whatever came to mind. But I think that this place is just too vast to call it a prefecture.<br/>
In its entirety, I get the impression that the vegetation and water has increased. I am worried that more and more it feels like the lands of Japan. There is no houses or paddy fields but it’s just the atmosphere.<br/>
J-Just how unstable is this place. Seriously this place, is it safe to reside in it?<br/>
And then, I lifted up my hands and breathe in. Because I recalled it.<br/>
——<br/>
I woke up in the tent that the orcs had prepared for me.<br/>
When I did that, a woman with black hair was beside me, bowing while pressing three fingers on the floor. (TN: a REALLY formal way of presenting yourself. Mostly when you are greeting your fiancé)<br/>
In a horribly awkward silence, the girl lifts her head up.<br/>
"Thanks for the meal, master-sama. Thanks to you I have tasted the experience called full stomach for the first time since I was born♫"<br/>
With tears surfacing, she said these words in great joy.<br/>
I don’t understand the situation at all.<br/>
"Wait for a second, stay there" (Makoto)<br/>
I ignored the girl that was saying something and one-sidedly said so, and for now went out of the tent.<br/>
I was just planning to calm down but in that place I was faced with even more disorder.<br/>
Damn Asora, what is so fun in driving me to a corner when I am already in a confusing situation. If you are going to change the scenery I want you to at least tell me beforehand.<br/>
But, I can’t seem to find an escape to this situation. The time is already late huh, it seemed like no one was close. I have no choice but to return to where that girl is.<br/>
Let’s return.<br/>
"Welcome back"<br/>
The only person I can talk to is with this beautiful woman. There is no other choice so I decided to ask her a number of things.<br/>
??<br/>
That girl was the spider.<br/>
It was that full throttle perverted black thing. It eats magic, no matter how much I cut it it regenerates, over that, I could only end in agony.<br/>
To my surprise, she told an incomprehensible thing as "I have made a pact" and deeply lowered her head.<br/>
Pact. From the words I thought it was something that needed the approval of both parties but.<br/>
In reality, it looks like it doesn’t matter. It may be that there is something, but I don’t understand at all.<br/>
Maybe she took my thumb print while I was sleeping and that worked, I really doubt the rules of this world.  Ah, I see. That goddess was the one who decided them. Then there is no remedy.<br/>
With my intuition I began approving the words of the girl.<br/>
I could feel that everything was beginning to connect.<br/>
I understood.<br/>
You can’t cancel it and there is no cooling-off. It is an extremely unaffectionate system to the related party.<br/>
"So, tying all that I have said, that I am right now in human form and restraining in front of you is because of the great favor you have given me. I have, for the first time, felt a sensation different from starvation. In all of my life that is to come I will offer you both my heart and body to serve under you" (Spider)<br/>
It must be her true feelings. I can’t imagine the times when she was just a spider driven by her instincts but this was surely not a lie.<br/>
Besides, if I make the conversation turn worse, I would have to face random encounters with this hungered lady. For who knows how many times.<br/>
I don’t want to do that again. I really don’t want to. I have, for the first time, experienced facing a bulldozer.<br/>
That’s why I nodded. It is the first rule of reality.<br/>
Uooooo!! In this world there are too many forced events, and the development is way too fast!<br/>
This is weird, I had confidence in my skill to walk smoothly in the world though. After all, it was only the self-confidence of a high school student, ‘a frog in a well’ is what you could say.<br/>
"By the way, where is Shen?" (Makoto)<br/>
I could tell that this is my own tent.<br/>
It must be late at night right now.<br/>
I heard that the time of Asora is connected with the outside so there is no doubt.<br/>
"If its Shen she is outside on standby"<br/>
E, I was sure that there was no killing intent but.<br/>
I check my surroundings.<br/>
All of a sudden, there is. The one that is just outside the entrance is Shen without doubt.<br/>
It is so late in the night and she is outside on standby huh. She may have some business with me but, I can’t help but have a bad feeling about it.<br/>
The times where she has brought me something that I would feel happy about are practically none.<br/>
But.<br/>
To have been here until now and waited until I woke up. I couldn’t just leave her abandoned there. (TN: Really, I am pretty sure you said no one was around when you went out)<br/>
"Could you call her?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Yes, danna-sama" (TN: a really flirtatious way to call someone, its like calling you hubby)<br/>
"Bu!!" (Makoto)<br/>
Danna-sama?! What danna-sama?!<br/>
Just a moment ago you were calling me master-sama were you not?! I don’t like that one either though?<br/>
A woman, that for some reason had a strangely transparent black cloth that showed her figures body line, stood up without making a sound.<br/>
Well~ she is refined isn’t she?<br/>
Wait no!<br/>
No good, if I brought these two followers to a town.<br/>
Conspicuous.<br/>
It will be super ultra-conspicuous.<br/>
With feelings anew I watch ane-sama and black hair from the entrance.<br/>
Bob haircut and the color is jet black. Slightly lifted up long slit eyes.<br/>
A white skin that could be mistaken for porcelain, brilliant lips.<br/>
It’s a beautiful girl that could be thought of as Japanese. Well as usual, she is taller than me. But still, not as tall as Shen.<br/>
I have been thinking this at the times of Shen and Ema as well but, why is it that the ones that approach me are not human?<br/>
Now that I think about it, she greeted me bowing but I haven’t heard her name.<br/>
Should I call her nameless? Or maybe number two? (TN: Oh god no, she will kill number one if you do that)<br/>
Names that should fit both beautiful girls, not names that should go for unpleasant persons.<br/>
A name, I have to think of a name. If I continue to call them like this, their disposition may come to light after all.<br/>
Talking about disposition, if Shen decides to bring in an enemy to Asora and make me fight it again, I have to think of a suitable place to do it so the residents in here don’t get affected by it.<br/>
If that’s how things are, there is a need to talk with Shen about Asora.<br/>
Also, the city creation has not taken proper form yet but we have to plan for the future and think about the size of it as well.<br/>
There is a lot to do. A mountain of it.<br/>
And also the luggage I brought with me when I was transported here.<br/>
It could be clearly said that it has had zero use.<br/>
Why did I even bring books here? When I search in my memories, thanks to Shen the books I had in my room were all taken away anyways! I thought I had made a good choice but, it just makes me tear up.<br/>
The diary and the pen are doing a great job though, but the need for it is as expected, low.<br/>
Name, examination, lands, name, examination, lands…<br/>
From where should I begin?<br/>
The one I can take care of immediately is the name. Okay then, I will begin from this one.<br/>
And while I am at that I will inspect the surroundings of Asora and look at this worlds actual constructions. And then the plan of city creation.<br/>
Well, beginning from the orcs vicinities, I should just leave a space between villages and it will be fine. Until the city’s planning is properly established there is no need to rush.<br/>
The hands of the orcs are also full with just trying to stabilize their own village. Isn’t that right? Shen is not doing anything excessive right?<br/>
At any rate, if I leave everything to Shen I feel that she will actually try recreating Edo or Kyoto and that is really scary.<br/>
Just like in the ancient times or in the medieval times of my world, she would work them like horses without consideration.<br/>
A riot in Asora is seriously no joke.<br/>
"O~ master, you have woken up" (Shen)<br/>
"Yeah, somehow. It seems that I have done a new pact but, what were you doing?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Of course, I was helping with the pact. It is a lot better than being eaten right? Also, if we don’t do a pact or kill it and just leave it alone, in the times to come, we wouldn’t know when it would jump on us" (Shen)<br/>
Saying this, Shen points at the girl that was once a spider.<br/>
It’s true that I wouldn’t want that. That is one of the reasons I accepted this pact.<br/>
Well, Shen is that… whatever grows, it goes.<br/>
"I have been blessed as a loyal retainer and am happy" (Spider)<br/>
Shen smiled like saying ‘it’s not that much’ while the spider was like ‘I am so happy-desu’ with her face colored.<br/>
Neither of them notice a speck of my ill will.<br/>
"And, what is it that you need me for? That you are here at this hour must be because of some business right?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Oh, that’s right. Hey, it’s fine now" (Shen)<br/>
She faces towards the entrance and makes a beckoning gesture.<br/>
The one that came in was the fuzzy haired guy.<br/>
O~. This very short and stout body.<br/>
It’s a person that is shorten than me! And its face is normal! From what I think!<br/>
Oo~ in this world there is someone that is the same normal as me.<br/>
Now I remember, before the spider appeared, Shen was doing princess carry to someone like this.<br/>
"Dwarf?" (Makoto)<br/>
Shen, the spider girl and dwarf(?) change their facial expression at the same time.<br/>
"That’s right, you are really insightful-ja no" (Shen)<br/>
Shen came in as the representative and praised me. The dwarf-san seemed to be surprised that I knew of its race. The spider was nodding.<br/>
Are dwarfs a rare race?<br/>
"And furthermore, it’s not a simple dwarf! It’s an ancient race that has made sacred treasures and legendary tools, a dwarf that has the name of elder-yo" (Shen)<br/>
N?<br/>
Does it mean it’s an impressive dwarf?<br/>
Well, it should be rare.<br/>
When I tried to think for a bit, the dwarf took a step forward and brought me back to reality.<br/>
"It is an honor to meet you. As you have said, I am a dwarf-de gozai masu. I am truly grateful that you have saved me" (Dwarf)<br/>
"A, don’t worry. My name is Misumi Makoto. Call me Makoto please. Um…" (Makoto)<br/>
"I am sorry for my rudeness!!!! I am called Beren" (Beren)<br/>
"Thanks for your courteousness. So, Beren-san. That I have saved you, if my memory serves right, it was Shen that saved you though" (Makoto)<br/>
"Mu? That’s not it. The moment he was about to be eaten I just brought him to Asora though" (Shen)<br/>
Shen, that was silent and just listening, had interrupted.<br/>
No well, it is normal to think you have saved him with that.<br/>
"Yes. Shen-sama brought me here to hide from that giant spider and…" (Beren)<br/>
He cuts off for a moment. Beren looks at the girl and makes a complicated expression. He was attacked by her so it’s no surprise.<br/>
In a space of it I could feel the eyes of him seeing her as if finding fault. That it was only for a second is as expected from his thick facial expression. Even though it was a person who tried to eat him not too long ago.<br/>
"And that giant spider, you have taken care of it. I have heard that its curse has been lifted and it has turned into that girl over there" (Beren)<br/>
Moshimoshi? (TL: Hello?)<br/>
It was just a spider that was starving right? Why did it become a fairy tale like that Shen?<br/>
I talk to her with my eyes.<br/>
Well, master-yo. With this it would be resolved swiftly wont it? And it seems we will be able to make these dwarfs our comrades.<br/>
No, you see. You only want to make a katana right?<br/>
They were almost going to be eaten so they should not have any objections-yo. This is just fine.<br/>
The eye exchange ends.<br/>
Ku… What a wicked woman. I feel a bit of pity for this dwarf.<br/>
When I look at Beren-san, he seemed to have noticed my gaze and continued his talk.<br/>
"That spider has, since ancient times, devoured everything and then disappears. It was an entity that could be called Calamity. In the past it past devoured works from us and the orcs" (Beren)<br/>
So you even eat metal. Everything is fine with you huh!<br/>
When I look at the girl that was once a spider, the thin waist Japanese beauty turns bashful. So it’s true.<br/>
But it really might be better to just leave the story as it is. As the dwarfs are going to be staying here, it would be best that they think the spider has turned a new flower.<br/>
Well, it’s fine.<br/>
He seems to still want to continue to talk. Let’s hear him out.<br/>
"And so, I have a favor to ask of Makoto-sama, who possesses such a domain" (Beren)<br/>
What is it? Another event flag? I want to seriously head to the town though.<br/>
"What could it be?" (Makoto)<br/>
"We live in the wasteland and we produce tools for others. That we live in such a dangerous place is for the sake of protecting our creations from usurpers such as the black spider. But, that place is just way too barren" (Beren)<br/>
That it’s safe there, it is safe. That place is hard to locate and the ones that try to infiltrate the place are few.<br/>
That’s why there are few who would try to steal from them. And it also seems that Shen didn’t even know that the dwarfs had a stronghold there.<br/>
Taking off the fact that it’s a barren land, that place is safe.<br/>
"You are right. The treasures may be safe but the food and materials seem to be scarce" (Makoto)<br/>
"Yes. And so, the request I am talking about is…" (Beren)<br/>
I stay silent. Well, with how the conversation has moved I already know where he is trying to lead it to though.<br/>
"Will you please accept us here?" (Beren)<br/>
Yeah. Compared to the wasteland, this place is safe and has materials too.<br/>
Furthermore hereafter, with the migration of other races, the knowledge and goods should increase.<br/>
And the ones supervising this world, Shen and the spider that was once a threat. Also, me.<br/>
There is no need to say it.<br/>
Shen is super happy that it wasn’t only one person, she gets to migrate their whole race. It is good that Beren-san doesn’t see it. I have never seen such a happy face on her.<br/>
A girl that has a figure of a Japanese and a calm bearing, slightly licked her lips with her tongue. She also looked as if it was delicious, I mean, she looked happy as well. I have to tell her that she can’t eat the products.<br/>
"It is fine" (Makoto)<br/>
"Immediate response?!" (Beren)<br/>
"Well, we do have land so. If you are able to coexist with the orcs then you are free to do whatever" (Makoto)<br/>
"T-That is, of course" (Beren)<br/>
It’s a face like saying ‘is it fine with just that?’ But well, if it’s just living here, I have no big issues with it.<br/>
"Also, to cooperate with the construction of the city. Supply us with tools. And, in the future we will also be requesting land rent. By the way, I will have you guys acknowledge that the lord of this place is master" (Shen)<br/>
Shen begins to give out additional requirements one after the other.<br/>
This fellow actually had all of the conditions prepared beforehand.<br/>
"A city huh? The tools and land rent is a matter of course. I don’t mind" (Beren)<br/>
It seems that this Asora looks really comfortable to live in for him. I had the image that dwarfs were pretty stubborn people but Beren that is right in front of me seems to be an understanding person.<br/>
He continuously accepts all of the conditions Shen is putting out.<br/>
"That’s right-ja. We are planning on creating a city in the future. Of course, I don’t mind it if you guys want to bring in your village over here" (Shen)<br/>
"That… sounds pretty interesting. On the other side of the mist there is a bountiful land and a city huh. Truly interesting!" (Beren)<br/>
Beren-san seems to be all into the city creation plan. That Shen is lucky.<br/>
"For the three of you, it’s of course, a weapon. I was also thinking of providing you guys’ armor" (Beren) (TN: Not clear of what he says here. お三方にはもちろん、武器・防具を供させていただきたいと思っておりました)<br/>
To the spider as well? She must have been a real threat for them. This fellow.<br/>
No. It is true that she was scary.<br/>
To have been said ‘delicious’ by someone that I tried to kill is a first for me.<br/>
In a sense, it must have been scary that the dwarfs’ brethren also got their creations devoured without any say to it.<br/>
And moreover, it was because she was hungry. It is a lot scarier than any simple and extremely poor evil.<br/>
"Fumu, then, it is okay to bring your brethren here. I will make you a path" (Shen)<br/>
"Yes, then without any delay. I think I will be able to return in one or two days but, will you please wait for me?" (Beren)<br/>
"It’s okay, when you finish collecting everything necessary, tell me. When I receive your call I will transport the whole village" (Shen)<br/>
Again with that. How grand. And it’s also the easiest way to moving. The packing could also be done to the minimum as well.<br/>
Just by leaving it inside the house it can be transported huh.<br/>
So is it that? If you use Asora as a relay you would be able to do something close to instant teleport?<br/>
Fumu, in places that we will be stopping often, let’s confirm if Shen is able to create gates there.<br/>
"Then!!" (Beren)<br/>
Beren-san went flying out as if he was a bullet. Even so, as expected.<br/>
"I can talk with him normally" (Makoto)<br/>
I didn’t feel awkward while I was talking with Beren-san. Maybe I just need tuning at the beginning?<br/>
No, dwarfs are humanoids. It could be that on the other side he was able to understand human language?<br/>
"As expected of master-ja" (Shen)<br/>
"Yeah, impressive-desu" (Spider)<br/>
It seems that’s not it. No, to even be able to talk with a spider is an impressive thing itself. If you can call that ‘talking’ though.<br/>
"It seemed like he could understand the words that this spider spoke as well. It is truly unbelievable" (Shen)<br/>
"And that maryoku is so sweet. He is truly the ideal gentlemen-desu wa" (Spider)<br/>
Umu, I am not happy!<br/>
A boyfriend that can be eaten. That kind of context is not going to be popular. Meal boy? I definitely don’t want to become that.<br/>
"Now then, there is actually one thing I want to request master" (Shen)<br/>
Previous Chapter  l  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
				__ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
					__ATA.initDynamicSlot({<br/>
						id: 'atatags-977445811-5e88815264a06',<br/>
						location: 120,<br/>
						formFactor: '001',<br/>
						label: {<br/>
							text: 'Advertisements',<br/>
						},<br/>
						creative: {<br/>
							reportAd: {<br/>
								text: 'Report this ad',<br/>
							},<br/>
							privacySettings: {<br/>
								text: 'Privacy settings',<br/>
							}<br/>
						}<br/>
					});<br/>
				});<br/>
			<br/>
<br/>
            __ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
                __ATA.initVideoSlot('atatags-977445815-5e88815264a2c', {<br/>
                    sectionId: '977445815',<br/>
                    format: 'inread'<br/>
                });<br/>
            });<br/>
        <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
September 2, 2015September 4, 2015 ReigokaiUncategorized <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
