<br/>
TLN: There was an error last chapter. It wasn’t half a month before the revolution starts -It was half a YEAR. I knew something was strange with those numbers, so I double checked. Fixed already.<br/>
Apologies for the error >////<!<br/>
<br/>
A noisy and packed busy time.<br/>
When one moves, the time really does go fast.<br/>
Of course in Tsige it is like this, but in Asora and also in the store in Rotsgard that are not directly related, are also moving busily.<br/>
Counting the movement of personnel, these two months have been a time of great reformation for Kuzunoha company. <br/>
"Waka, please show up at noon in the Tsige store. I will also be going around the expanded areas of Tsige, but when I finish, I will be heading there." (Tomoe)<br/>
"Understood. Mio and Shiki are okay, right?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Of course. Mio has already done the preparations, and Shiki seems to have a meeting with Morris, but he said he will be done by morning. However, Waka, it seems like these days have become more busy than the time when you were going around the various countries." (Tomoe)<br/>
Tomoe made an ill-natured smile.<br/>
I actually thought that things would calm down after finishing the visits, but it seems I was completely wrong.<br/>
She is probably poking at that.<br/>
"I won’t say it was perfect, but I was somehow able to overcome it, so please don’t bully me too much. I have been practically stuck with Rembrandt-san everyday with almost perfect attendance in the meetings for the preparation of the revolution. I have also worked as a teacher in Rotsgard without rest." (Makoto)<br/>
I received the lessons of Rembrandt-san regarding merchants and the actual state of the commerce, and also taught classes in Rotsgard with Jin and the others as well as the new juniors that were admitted in the class. I also heard the opinions of the people in Asora as I adjust the stance of Kuzunoha company regarding the Aion revolution and the independence of Tsige.<br/>
Ah…just remembering it makes me wanna puke.<br/>
My determination of two months ago about doing all the things that I have decided to do, has all come onto me like a mountain.<br/>
The first month was the hardest, and when I was alone in my room, there were times when I laughed without any reason.<br/>
I had practically no time to sleep after all.<br/>
When I was unable to take it anymore and collapsed, one of my followers would find me and reactivate me.<br/>
…I will be…sleeping as much as I can tomorrow.<br/>
No matter what anyone tells me, I will sleep a good 3 hours!<br/>
"…I admire that you have decided not to run when you have decided on doing something, but for us who are watching this, it has also become worrying. Anyways, I had no intentions of bullying you at all. I really meant to be proud when I said: ‘as expected of our master’." (Tomoe)<br/>
"…Thanks." (Makoto)<br/>
"Ah, right. In the afternoon greeting round, Shiki and I will be accompanying you as well. There have been a number of people who have been noisy, saying that we should go greet as well you see." (Tomoe)<br/>
"I know. I will be counting on you guys." (Makoto)<br/>
"Who knows. Seeing Waka lately, I don’t think there’s much need for us though. Well then, see you later." (Tomoe)<br/>
"Yeah. Give my regards to the representative of Eleor company." (Makoto)<br/>
With summer coming closer, Tsige had changed the location of their outer wall that hadn’t been changed for a long time, and it has been rebuilt.<br/>
Slightly into the side of the wasteland, and more into the side of Aion.<br/>
Thanks to that, new land has become available in the town and the price of the land has decreased slightly as a whole.<br/>
‘The price will soon increase again, so the decrease in price is only temporary’, is what the Eleor representative said as he spend freely in the lands with a smile in his face.<br/>
With the plans of constructions and the actual execution, the money is moving at a terrifying speed. Of course, he is shouldering quite the burden in the expenses, and yet, he had a truly good smile.<br/>
In other words, he knows that he will be profiting more.<br/>
How fearsome is the real estate industry.<br/>
Regarding the land that the Eleor company asked if I would be buying, we had a business discussion again accompanied by Tomoe, and in the end, we bought it.<br/>
With that price, ‘they are not even doing a trade’. But it doesn’t match the ratio of the money that’s moving in a daily basis.<br/>
Even if the materials that the adventurers obtain from the wasteland have a ridiculous price as well, they are literally risking their life to obtain them.<br/>
Thinking in that way, I do feel like it is slightly unreasonable.<br/>
After buying the land and ending the business discussion, Tomoe was occasionally involved with the Eleor company.<br/>
As I see her off, I thought of this.<br/>
"Well, even if I think it is unreasonable…I have already bought the land from him, and we are normally pretty friendly with each other. The land that’s inside the outer walls is on high demand and there’s also the price for security counted in it, and in the first place, there are a lot of people who would wish to buy the land in Tsige. Just because there’s big transactions done inside the town doesn’t mean that your life will always be safe and stable inside it after all." (Makoto)<br/>
Since Eleor company has achieved safety and stability, there must be something that’s balancing it.<br/>
How far they can go depends on the sense of the merchant himself. For me, the representative of Eleor company looks like he is in a dangerous position where he would fall at any moment.<br/>
I obviously don’t possess such sharp senses like him.<br/>
As I received the teachings of Rembrandt-san, I was able to clearly tell this.<br/>
That’s why I have been able to continue business while maintaining a safe line.<br/>
And I have now build a store in the land I had previously bought. I finally got the resolve to make my own store in Tsige.<br/>
After hearing the requests for an increase in inventory and personnel, I decided to take this chance to implement it, and in the end, the store we built turned out pretty big.<br/>
And so, today is the opening day of the store.<br/>
Since the morning -no, since the previous night, the employees have been moving busily.<br/>
There’s visible fatigue as expected, but seeing that their faces were mostly cheerful was a saving for me.<br/>
Tomoe, Mio, and Shiki have been working in Tsige the whole day.<br/>
Akua and Eris were brought from Rotsgard as temporary helpers, and Lime has also been brought here, so it is truly an event where the Kuzunoha company has gathered.<br/>
However…<br/>
"In this time when Aion might make a move, Kuzunoha company will be opening a big store in Tsige, huh." (Makoto)<br/>
There’s not really any hidden meaning behind the opening and date of it.<br/>
There’s none, but it is a timing that can be taken as some sort of declaration.<br/>
I don’t have any intentions of changing what I will be doing, so worrying about it is pointless. Be that as it may, I understand that this is bad timing.<br/>
In reality, this opening day might have been controlled by Rembrandt-san and the others, but if I begin thinking about that, there would be no end.<br/>
*knock* *knock*<br/>
Hm?<br/>
"Come in." (Makoto)<br/>
I respond to the knock.<br/>
"Waka." <br/>
"Eris huh. What’s wrong?" (Makoto)<br/>
"To celebrate our opening, merchants and adventurers are popping all over." (Eris)<br/>
"…I see." (Makoto)<br/>
Now that I think about it, I heard from Rembrandt-san that before the opening begins, there will be a celebration where a small amount of people will come for greetings.<br/>
The people that want to have a relationship of big trades would normally come after the opening for their greetings, and there will be times when they would inquire for it, but it seems like it is a tradition to have adventurers and acquainted merchants visit you before the store opens.<br/>
The adventurers mostly wait for when the opening ends to enter as customers, so the merchants are normally the ones who would come for the greetings.<br/>
Even so, they are arriving this fast? <br/>
There’s still quite a lot of time before the opening.<br/>
"Understood. I will be going soon. Are there a lot of merchants as expected?" (Makoto)<br/>
"For now, there’s more adventurers. They probably intend to line up for the store opening after they are done with their congratulations." (Eris)<br/>
"Ah, I see." (Makoto)<br/>
"The majority are thinking about introducing themselves to the tops of Kuzunoha company who are unreachable in normal circumstances. By the way, there’s an incredible line waiting for the opening, and we have been rearranging it many times. The street on the front is already incredibly filled. This is something that we wouldn’t be able to see in Rotsgard…… And I don’t want to see it there anyways." (Eris)<br/>
"So the line is growing well. Understood. Please tell the people who are organizing the line to not cause any trouble for others. I have already notified the town about it so it should be fine, but the lined up customers would probably get impatient and things can happen." (Makoto)<br/>
"Don’t worry." (Eris)<br/>
With her eyes glittering for a moment, Eris shows me a thumps up.<br/>
…When she is not together with Akua, I feel like her malice is way too strong, but even if Eris is like this, she is a girl that has been managing well with the customers.<br/>
Her sales are pretty high too.<br/>
I leave the office at the fourth floor together with Eris and head to the first floor.<br/>
The new Kuzunoha company has an extravagant structure of one basement and four floors.    <br/>
Tsige has begun having buildings here and there with three floors, but four floors is pretty rare.<br/>
Thanks to that, the building alone stands out, which is a thankful extra.<br/>
Now then, about the people that have come to celebrate the opening…<br/>
Wow.<br/>
"Oi oi, Eris. Isn’t this an incredible number?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Since you said: ‘Oi’ twice, it must be important." (Eris)<br/>
"…There’s even people that seem to have business cards." (Makoto)<br/>
"Uwaa~. You ignored me. I am against killing jokes." (Eris) <br/>
For now, I ignore Eris and once again look at the people that are gathered at the main entrance. <br/>
‘Popping out’ really does describe this.<br/>
Some of them even have business cards which I once used for fun with Rembrandt-san and had now propagated.<br/>
What the people are holding in their hands is probably presents for the celebration, but I have to question their bragging. <br/>
It seems like business cards have become established enough that even adventurers carry them.<br/>
This is really a scene that can’t be seen at Rotsgard. It feels fresh.<br/>
I was thinking about surprising the merchants by giving them business cards, but it probably won’t be much of a surprise now.<br/>
The amount of influence Rembrandt-san has is amazing.<br/>
"Well, I gotta go. They went through the trouble of coming here after all." (Makoto)<br/>
"Waka is the only one here, so I think it will become something dreadful, you know. What should we do? Should we place a 10 second rule or something?" (Eris)<br/>
"What’s that? Are you talking about placing a limit of 10 seconds per person?" (Makoto)<br/>
"That’s right. Leaving aside the amount of seconds, I will come in at a random moment and say: ‘Thank you very much~~!’ and push their back so the next one can go." (Eris)<br/>
"…Is this some sort of handshake event? But well, I am counting on you. Can you bring two or three more in order to cope with it?" (Makoto)<br/>
"Leave it to me~. I will properly gather up things like business cards and presents to make them identifiable, so I am counting on you to confirm them later. Now then…" (Eris)<br/>
With a mysterious salutation, Eris trotted inside the store and left my sight.<br/>
Leaving aside her speech and conduct, it is true that she is an useful and dependable girl.<br/>
Lately, I have been thinking that way more frequently.<br/>
Now then, let’s begin working as the representative of Kuzunoha company!<br/>
Opening the main entrance, my long day had begun.<br/>
◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆<br/>
-Basement.<br/>
Articles managed: mainly equipment.<br/>
Sale of equipment tailored to the requester, equipment for normal customers, repairs, and a counter for advice.<br/>
Crowded.<br/>
-First floor.<br/>
Articles managed: Mainly food, as well as food and drinks supervised by Mio.<br/>
Crowded.<br/>
-Second floor.<br/>
Articles managed: Mainly medicine. There’s also consultations for compounding.<br/>
Crowded.<br/>
-Third floor.<br/>
Articles managed: Daily necessities, as well as miscellaneous goods. Ceramics made in Asora; industrial arts quality.<br/>
Crowded.<br/>
Well, it is the opening day, so it is within expectations.<br/>
It also means this is the best situation estimated.<br/>
But…<br/>
-Fourth floor.<br/>
Office.<br/>
Crowded.<br/>
What is going on?! <br/>
We safely did the opening, and customers flowed into the store, and after a bit of time, I confirmed that nothing happened and the business was operating without any problems, so together with Tomoe and Shiki, I went around greeting a part of the frequent customers.  <br/>
 That’s what I planned on doing.<br/>
I had notified the related people beforehand that I would be greeting them, and opened the store in the meantime.<br/>
Even so, after finishing the greetings slightly hurried, I returned to the store and it was like this.<br/>
The office at the fourth floor was also filled with people.<br/>
Regarding the people that had come to celebrate in advance, I had already met with all of them before the opening day, and they said that they wouldn’t be able to come in the appointed day, so they left their presents and I properly handled it, and yet!<br/>
"Ah!" <br/>
With one shout made from someone, the gazes concentrated in me.<br/>
It was an action that made me understand without doubt that these people had gathered with me as their objective.<br/>
"Most of them are probably people that felt danger from the prosperity of our store. Their decision of acting immediately can be considered good, but their insight for evaluating us lowly can’t be praised. Now then…" (Tomoe)<br/>
Tomoe muttered in a low voice.<br/>
"There’s also merchants that are not from Tsige. There’s probably people that want to make connections for transactions. Even if that’s not the case, this many people have come to our store, so it is natural for a merchant to want to greet the representative of such a company." (Shiki)<br/>
Shiki also spoke in a low voice.<br/>
Whatever the case, Rembrandt-san will also be coming here, you know.<br/>
Geez!<br/>
"Sorry for the wait. I am the representative of this company, Raidou. I am truly grateful for your visit in this opening day. We will be inquiring your business shortly, so please wait for a bit." (Makoto)<br/>
Making a smile that I have already grown able to make by reflex, I face everyone with a greeting.<br/>
After that, since this is not something that can be dealt with with plain fighting spirit, I had Tomoe and Shiki help out as well, and we went around speaking with everyone.<br/>
Mio is doing her best working at the first floor, so she shouldn’t be able to move from there. Even so, she still helped out by bringing simple dishes and drinks for the people that were waiting.<br/>
Mio had prepared Japanese-styled food that was not normally seen in Tsige.<br/>
When she told them: ‘This is the food that’s being served at the food store below’, they looked interested, and most of the customers had given it a try.<br/>
She helped filling the time for the waiting people, which was a grateful help.<br/>
If the time wasn’t enough, I was thinking about having the remaining people leave, but in the end, there was no need to. We were able to finish dealing with the people that came to greet or have business discussions.<br/>
But well, regarding the business discussions, we told them that today we are not receiving any appointments, so we didn’t enter any detailed talks.<br/>
The workload has increased, including the appointments of the areas each person is in charge of, but if, on top of that, we went into the details of business discussions at this moment, it would definitely end in failure, so there’s no helping that.<br/>
I don’t have the genius level business ability that people like Rembrandt-san and a number of merchants in this town have.<br/>
I also don’t have the many years of experience that can fill this gap in talent.<br/>
It is also currently impossible for me to understand the advantages and disadvantages of a negotiation in a short amount of time.<br/>
"I-I am tired. It was unexpected work…" (Makoto)<br/>
"Even so, we have finished everything before Rembrandt came. Good job." (Tomoe)<br/>
"There were also some negotiations with good prospects, so it wasn’t wasted time. Good work." (Shiki)<br/>
Warm gazes were directed at me.<br/>
"Now there’s only Rembrandt-san left and today’s plans are over." (Makoto)<br/>
"Yes. After that, please rest at ease. We will arrange the documents of the sales today that have to be checked." (Shiki)<br/>
"I will do so." (Makoto)<br/>
Today, I don’t care about what move Aion makes.<br/>
If they make a big move tonight, I will do my hardest to vent my anger on them.<br/>
"Anyways, there can be this many congratulatory presents huh. We had them all sent to Asora, so there wasn’t any problem with space to place them, but if we didn’t have any way to deal with it, it could even affect the business." (Makoto)<br/>
"That’ just proves how much attention Kuzunoha company is gathering." (Tomoe)<br/>
While nodding at the response of Tomoe, I recall the congratulatory presents.  <br/>
I accepted all presents aside from slaves and living things.<br/>
Later, I will have to give them a fitting present in return.<br/>
Even when the sun had set, the influx of people had not waned, but calm had already returned slightly in the office.<br/>
…At this rate, I think the situation in Mio’s place is terrifying.<br/>
She herself said that she didn’t have any intentions of coming here every day, but…I hope the opening doesn’t turn into her first and last time she comes here.<br/>
"Well well, this is scary huh. To think that it would get this lively. There’s no free space from top to bottom." <br/>
"Rembrandt-san." (Makoto)<br/>
"I am sorry that my greetings came so late, Raidou-dono. Congratulations in the opening of your store." (Rembrandt)<br/>
"Thanks. You are right in time, so please don’t mind it. From my part as well, I am sorry that I couldn’t come welcome you." (Makoto)<br/>
"Lime-kun received me. There’s no need to worry about it. I heard that you politely dealt with the merchants that jumped here. That must have been tiring, right?" (Rembrandt)<br/>
Now that I see, Lime was behind Rembrandt-san.<br/>
He bowed and soon returned downstairs.<br/>
Good work.<br/>
"I still have ways to go. I should have welcomed the appointed guests with slightly more time. I did say ‘I was tired’ out of reflex, but I am not really that tired." (Makoto)<br/>
"Fufufu. Well, even if you are still young, there’s no need to try doing everything perfectly. Those kind of people don’t last long. It is best to understand your own limits. But well, as long as you have the opinions of your dependable close-aides, there’s nothing to worry about. In your case, that is." (Rembrandt)<br/>
"I am truly saved by them." (Makoto)<br/>
How much I should do, and how much I should think of it huh.<br/>
Getting a sense of balance in those kind of things is truly difficult.<br/>
It seems like the body learns how to gauge that as you gain experience, but in the eyes of Rembrandt-san, I probably looked like I was trying way too hard.<br/>
There’s also the fact that this is the first day of our opening, but maybe I moved a bit too much without thinking of my own appearance.<br/>
If that’s the case, I have to reflect.<br/>
"When you rented a place in my store, you began working there without any hesitation. Raidou-dono, you probably weren’t self-aware, but…looking at your face today, you are actually feeling elated. The sensation that you have actually opened a store." (Rembrandt)<br/>
"Yes. In order to do my best in Tsige, I will devote myself." (Makoto)<br/>
"You are already devoted enough. I am looking forward to the time when you become big enough to cover Tsige completely." (Rembrandt)<br/>
"Don’t exaggerate." (Makoto)<br/>
"I can’t go losing. It’s clear that Kuzunoha company will attract even more customers as a famous sightseeing place as well, and in truth, it will turn out that way." (Rembrandt)<br/>
"I feel like Rembrandt company is already like that though." (Makoto)<br/>
"I am speaking of the time when Rembrandt company becomes the second figurehead of Tsige. I can’t fall too far behind when that happens." (Rembrandt)<br/>
"No way." (Makoto)<br/>
A wry smile surfaced in my face.<br/>
Seeing this, the gently expression of Rembrandt-san turned into a serious one and he speaks.<br/>
"…Regarding the movements of that Kuzunoha company, the reports that have been sent from Tsige to Aion kingdom have not been good. This is something we are letting go intentionally, but from what I can interpret, the grand opening of Kuzunoha company will most likely make Aion kingdom view Kuzunoha company as a big factor of unrest for them." (Rembrandt)<br/>
"…Yes." (Makoto)<br/>
"It can be considered one of the many triggers, but in this late in the game, it won’t be able to change the big wave that’s going to occur in this country. Moreover, I will not let Kuzunoha company be the target. Their opponent is the town of Tsige itself. Even so, I am sorry." (Rembrandt)<br/>
"No. I will say this straight. If they aren’t going to be making a big move today, just at this moment, I don’t feel like caring about the moves of Aion." (Makoto)<br/>
I am tired to the point of not having any surplus, so my current real feelings are like this.<br/>
No matter how Rembrandt-san utilizes the opening of our store, I will just stay as his ally.<br/>
I don’t really mind.<br/>
"…Hahaha, I see. Then let’s not make this long. This is a present from me to congratulate your opening. Check it out later." (Rembrandt)<br/>
Rembrandt-san stood up from his seat and was about to leave.<br/>
What was given to me was a white rolled up paper.<br/>
Ah, wait.<br/>
If I remember correctly, Rembrandt-san was guided by Lime and he came from the stairs, right? <br/>
Then let’s introduce him to ‘that’.<br/>
Since what he gave me is obviously something that will surprise me, I will also give him a surprise here.<br/>
"Please wait. If you are going to be leaving, go ahead and do so from here." (Makoto)<br/>
Saying that, I stop him and guide him through the corridor. <br/>
The place we arrived at was a certain door at the end of the corridor.<br/>
"A dead end -no, a room?" (Rembrandt)<br/>
"Go ahead." (Makoto)<br/>
Guiding him, I touch the door.<br/>
Without any sound, the door slides open from both sides.<br/>
Rembrandt-san enters together with me as prompted, and within that small room, I touch the wall.<br/>
The door closes.<br/>
That’s right. This is a modern era device I thought of when the structure of the building was decided to have one basement and four floors.<br/>
A convenient tool of civilization, Elevator-sama.<br/>
By the way, the power source is the magic power of the people boarding it.<br/>
In this case, me.<br/>
"Uo?!!" (Rembrandt)<br/>
"It is okay. It is simply going down. There’s no sensation of falling down, right?" (Makoto)<br/>
"U-umu. Rather than falling, it is more like we are slowly descending. What a mysterious sensation." (Rembrandt)<br/>
"With this, we can move up and down. We still haven’t decided if we will be making the scale big enough to have the customers utilize it as well, but for now, I have made it for employee use." (Makoto)<br/>
We arrive at the first floor.<br/>
As expected, this is a lot easier than using the stairs.<br/>
"…Well well, there’s really people in Kuzunoha company that think of some incredible stuff. Truly incredible." (Rembrandt)<br/>
"Ahaha, did it surprise you?" (Makoto)<br/>
"The views are probably going to be divided in: one, an extravagant waste of magic power; and two, a step into magic for a more comfortable living. But…I am part of the people that think new techniques and products are born from curiosity and trial and error. I have been thoroughly surprised, but more than that, I was moved, and of course, I highly value it." (Rembrandt)<br/>
"…I didn’t expect you to say that much." (Makoto)<br/>
"Raidou-dono, I will be counting on you for the years to come." (Rembrandt)<br/>
"Same here." (Makoto)<br/>
Rembrandt-san boards the carriage that was waiting for him and leaves. <br/>
Is he the type of person that’s weak for new inventions?<br/>
I haven’t seen that side of him before, but in history, millionaires become patrons of things like inventions and arts, so it isn’t something that strange.   <br/>
Right now, the elevator has problems with the magic power control, size, and the expenditure of magic power, so it is still not possible to have customers use it. Let’s try giving directions in order to make it possible for implementation.<br/>
Probably, no matter what form it takes, it will probably need an *elevator girl* -or more like, an elevator dwarf or an elevator orc though. <br/>
Should I increase the number of people working for the elevator?<br/>
Hm…<br/>
"Waka, looks like Rembrandt has left." (Tomoe)<br/>
"Good work on seeing him off." (Shiki)<br/>
"Ah, Tomoe and Shiki." (Makoto)<br/>
"And so, Waka, what did he give you? I was slightly bothered you see." (Tomoe)<br/>
"If that paper is a marriage proposal from his two daughters, Mio-dono might get dangerous in a lot of meanings after all." (Shiki)<br/>
"Don’t say something so unpleasant, Shiki. There’s no way that doting father Rembrandt-san would present his daughters like this." (Makoto)<br/>
Even if I said that, I was slightly uneasy.<br/>
I nervously untie the rolled up paper, and open it.<br/>
"Map?" (Makoto)<br/>
It was a map.<br/>
And it is a map from Tsige that shows the division where Kuzunoha company is.<br/>
A map as a congratulatory gift?<br/>
"Fumu, to think this would be given as a congratulatory gift." (Tomoe)<br/>
"…Waka-sama, Tomoe-dono." (Shiki)<br/>
"Shiki?" (Makoto)<br/>
Maybe he noticed something? Shiki pointed at a part of the map.<br/>
Ehm…<br/>
"Hoh, I see. As expected, he is a person that does interesting things-ja no." (Tomoe)<br/>
"Eeeeh?!" (Makoto)<br/>
That’s one of the main Streets that extends from the center of Tsige.<br/>
If I remember correctly, it is a Street called Rimeishi? <br/>
"T-This is…that Street, right?<br/>
I ask for confirmation just in case.<br/>
"No doubt about it. It seems like from today on, that Street is now named Kuzunoha Street, Waka." (Tomoe)<br/>
"That man, seriously. Just how much can he do in this town? It is certainly true that this is amusing though." (Shiki)<br/>
Tomoe and Shiki were in admiration and surprise, but at the same time, they held composure.<br/>
No wait, isn’t this normally something to be dumbfounded about?<br/>
The name of the Street that Shiki pointed…there’s certainly Kuzunoha Street written down there.<br/>
To think that he didn’t present me with an object but with a name.<br/>
Moreover, a Street in the town.<br/>
"I feel like…it has turned into something incredible." (Makoto)<br/>
That mutter of mine was swallowed by the darkness of the night and disappears.<br/>
When the revolution in Aion kingdom occurs, Tsige will look for the chance and declare independence.<br/>
With that flow of events, there’s no doubt that fights will occur, and I will also be involved in them as a related party.<br/>
Something even more incredible than a Street changing its name will be occurring soon.<br/>
Even so…looking at the bustling store at my back…hearing the people in it, made me feel that I don’t want to lose the bustle and liveliness of this town.<br/>
That’s how I think.<br/>
Previous Chapter  l  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
				__ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
					__ATA.initDynamicSlot({<br/>
						id: 'atatags-977445811-5e887ff2b6d55',<br/>
						location: 120,<br/>
						formFactor: '001',<br/>
						label: {<br/>
							text: 'Advertisements',<br/>
						},<br/>
						creative: {<br/>
							reportAd: {<br/>
								text: 'Report this ad',<br/>
							},<br/>
							privacySettings: {<br/>
								text: 'Privacy settings',<br/>
							}<br/>
						}<br/>
					});<br/>
				});<br/>
			<br/>
<br/>
            __ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
                __ATA.initVideoSlot('atatags-977445815-5e887ff2b6d85', {<br/>
                    sectionId: '977445815',<br/>
                    format: 'inread'<br/>
                });<br/>
            });<br/>
        <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
April 17, 2017April 17, 2017 ReigokaiTsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Douchuu <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
