<br/>
I felt like the previous chapter was  insufficient on its own, so here it is, a second chapter 😀<br/>
<br/>
‘Hoh~’, is what Tomoe let out with plain emotion.<br/>
She was looking at her surroundings.<br/>
No matter where she looked, there was the sight of the battle they had not that long ago.<br/>
Right when Aznoval swung his giant japanese sword, Takane and Rokuya nodded to each other and advised both camps to move from the place.<br/>
There were no objections from the Adventurers of Origin and Picnic Rosegarden; in the Kuzunoha Company side, Tomoe and Mio looked at each other, and after a few second later, they nod.<br/>
They judged that they are not the type of fellows that would do an inane plan like taking hostages in the middle of the fight between Makoto and Aznoval.<br/>
At the same time, now that the weakening spell was gone and the strength of Tomoe and Mio had returned, they had the confidence that even if all of them were to turn hostile, they would be able to have everyone return to Asora in the worst case scenario.<br/>
"I see. So being called the Dungeon Master here is not just for show or a bluff huh." (Tomoe)<br/>
"…You can tell?" (Takane)<br/>
"In regards to the management of the environment, you are doing something similar to us after all. I can imagine what kind of place this is and how it functions." (Tomoe)<br/>
"…And?" (Mio)<br/>
"…"<br/>
Mio follows the words of Tomoe.<br/>
Takane looked surprised at Mio who cut into the conversation.<br/>
"I can also understand that the reason you led us to this place was to show your will of an armistice. This place is a part of the labyrinth’s heart, isn’t it? If we were to rampage here, it would create fatal damage." (Tomoe)<br/>
"…As you have discerned. You guys accepted our condition for a 1 vs 1, so this much is a given. Honestly speaking, we are the ones at a disadvantage here anyways. Even now, I still find it hard to believe that you guys seriously pulled through settling this matter without killing anyone, but…well, I would be grateful if you were to take this as a show of good faith that I believe you are truly aiming to do that." (Takane)<br/>
"…"<br/>
After the words of Takane, the mercenary group showed their agreement to it with their eyes and sighs.<br/>
Within the group, there were also some that were sending hostility towards the Makoto that was projected in the monitor.<br/>
The primary cause of this battle, Pione, was simply looking up and trembling.<br/>
If the words of Makoto were true, she experienced an unending illusion of her comrades dying until she threw away her hatred, so it is no surprise.<br/>
"It is true that instead of calling it a bout, it is more of a one on one till death-ja na. But that man is good. To think he would be able to fight against Waka to such an extent even when his body is that of a human." (Tomoe)<br/>
At the direction of Tomoe’s gaze, there’s a grand battle taking place between a big framed knight and Makoto, who has his body wrapped in a mass of magic power.<br/>
The Adventurers of Origin and the mercenary group were directing eyes of surprise at Makoto, and the Kuzunoha Company was directing those same eyes at Aznoval.<br/>
With Aznoval’s literal big move, Moonlight Slash, Makoto was smashed onto a wall, and because of it, a rain of boulders poured down onto Makoto, which he used as footholds to fix his posture, and shot a barrage of Bridds like a machine gun.<br/>
Before confirming Makoto’s figure, Aznoval had already mounted a giant gold shining wild boar and soared through the sky to pursue him.<br/>
The small concentrated barrage of Bridds against the golden wild boar and the knight mounted on it; the wild boar received all of the Bridds, and Aznoval jumped from its back and plunges onto the point where the Bridds were shot.<br/>
But before he arrived, a red shadow jumps out from the cluster of boulders –it is Makoto.<br/>
While he continued shooting Bridds, he took a stance with his bow, and instead of the wild boar, he shot straight at Aznoval.<br/>
He is also firmly cladded back into his Magic Armor that was small just a few moments ago.<br/>
Stopping the charge of the wild boar with the barrage of Bridds, he poured Aznoval with a barrage as well, and at the same time, he also shot several arrows with Azusa.<br/>
–But the knight didn’t stop.<br/>
Plunging towards the red shadow without caring about being showered by a barrage of attacks, he swings the sword that had already returned to its previous size as if nothing.<br/>
The Magic Armor stops it for a few seconds…before being sliced.<br/>
Makoto receives the approaching blade with the sleeve of his red coat to deviate it, and punches Aznoval who surprisingly had a face as if he was having fun.<br/>
After that, the sword of Aznoval changed shape and ability again, and Makoto was taking it on clad in his red coat.<br/>
"…Even if he fights as a mage or an archer, his compatibility with Azu-san should be the worst, and yet, how is he able to fight to such an extent?" <br/>
The words leaking out from the mercenary group make Tomoe let out a sigh.<br/>
"That’s what I should be saying-ja na. That knight has several illusory beasts under his command, and that sword is also incredibly weird." (Tomoe)<br/>
"This is the first time I have seen a type like this-desu wa ne. But it looks like my compatibility against him would be quite good though." (Mio)<br/>
"If it’s you, you would just devour all the illusory beasts…along with that sword, right?" (Tomoe)<br/>
"Yeah, I think I will be able to enjoy quite the variety of flavours. If it’s Tomoe-san… ‘Pure Illusion Substance’ might get repelled, but won’t ‘Fifth Hamlet’ finish it?" (Mio)<br/>
"Something like that-ja no. He is an opponent I would like to enjoy a sword battle with if the situation allowed though…" (Tomoe)<br/>
Tomoe and Mio were having such a conversation.<br/>
They didn’t have a single trace of worry towards their master.<br/>
And about the other members of the Kuzunoha Company; Beren, Shii, and Hokuto simply had their eyes wide opened at the opponent from the outside world that was stronger than themselves.<br/>
"Takane-kun, this is the place where you set up as your base, isn’t it. That means you should be able to double the power of Azu-san like you did with us, right? Why did you obediently cut that off?" (Hitsuna)<br/>
Hitsuna asks Takane with the complexion of her face still not recovering.<br/>
"… I didn’t." (Takane)<br/>
"Eh?"<br/>
"Azu-san is being buffed just like everyone else. Locational advantage is also part of the battle; seems to be a rule of Azu-san." (Takane)<br/>
"That means…Raidou-kun is still in his weakened state?" (Hitsuna)<br/>
"Yeah. That’s why Azu-san is able to summon his illusory beasts one after the other without problems, and his recovery speed and defensive power are stronger. And, that Raidou person has unbelievable resistance, but around 30% of his power all around should have been reduced…" (Takane)<br/>
"Ueee. A fight between a physical strength monster and a magic power monster huh. It is already about to lose all of its seasoning, and yet, it is frightening how it is still worth watching~." (Hitsuna)<br/>
Because of the exhaustion of running out of magic power, Hitsuna mutters this with a tired face.<br/>
"For some reason, that idiot wants to make Raidou-kun go serious though. I don’t know what he is trying to probe, but as always, he is a guy I don’t understand just what he is thinking. Though, it seems he was able to notice that he wouldn’t be able to bring that out of Raidou-kun if he didn’t use the locational advantage." (Rokuya)<br/>
Rokuya spits these words out with an expression as if saying ‘Good grief’.<br/>
"Azu-san is the type that has muscles for brain after all. But because of this, when he is interested in something, he gets scary." (Ginebia)<br/>
"Bia, when you get serious, your fighting style becomes more brawny than that of Azu-san, but your way of thinking still stays the same. How to say it, cunning, or composed." (Haku) <br/>
"I just use my fists when I have no choice but to teach someone a lesson~ It is how I show my affection~." (Ginebia)<br/>
"Well, he did arrive late. It would trouble us if he didn’t fight at least this much. That man is the one that has been involved with the world for the longest within our group after all." <br/>
"…Right. It seems like he has been leaving Lorel from time to time." <br/>
"Quite the troublesome guy, even though he is the Guild Master." <br/>
"Only showing growth in his fighting ability is also something to grieve about, seriously." <br/>
After the words Rokuya said while holding his forehead tiredly, all the Adventurers of Origin throw their own balls regarding Aznoval.<br/>
At times, they will mix in words of compliment and surprise towards Makoto as their conversation grew livelier.<br/>
"…So something like that is still playing an active role in the outside world huh." <br/>
"Unbelievable. Or more like, he has that much power himself and his subordinates are not lacking at all, and yet, why did they need to come here at all?" <br/>
"I am…interested." <br/>
"Aniki <bro>, what did you say?" <br/>
"I said I am interested, Yamato. Just what do those guys want from us? What do they want Picnic Rosegarden to do after they drag us out of here?" <br/>
A taciturn man that was being called as Aniki by others, spoke out his interest in the Kuzunoha Company, and from there, the assassin team of Picnic Rosegarden began conversing.<br/>
"Vivi, what do we do? When that fight ends, no matter who wins or losses, I think it will end up with us having a discussion with the Kuzunoha Company." (Ageha)<br/>
"It seems Rokuya-san will be taking their side as well. Honestly, what they did was unforgivable, but…we can’t just forget it, don’t you think?" (Kremyu)<br/>
"Ageha, Kremyu…yeah, you are right. Azu-san is most likely…interested in the reason why that boy called Raidou did all this." (Vivi)<br/>
Vivi, who is the leader of the mercenary group, is watching the state of the fight with a meek expression.<br/>
The one nodding at her side while watching the battle is Nomad, or also known as Noma; the one in charge of the foreign affairs in the mercenary group.<br/>
With the one in charge of leading the priest team, Kremyu, and the one in charge of leading the martial artist and frontline team, Ageha, at her side, Vivi was beginning to think about the negotiations that will be taking place after this. They can be said to be the brains of Picnic Rosegarden.<br/>
"Reason huh. Isn’t it because he is a guy that’s super messed up in the head?" (Ageha)<br/>
The unfiltered words of Ageha. It is true that the bad treatment of Pione would lead to such an answer.<br/>
"If we think about it normally, that is. But that doesn’t seem to be the case. If he is truly just as Ageha sees -an incredibly cruel person that would accomplish his objectives by any means- several of us would be dead already. What he did was nasty, and yet, what he is saying is actually kind. Azu-san is probably trying to press onto the mysteries of this fearsome person." <br/>
"With such a fighting style that looks as if he didn’t care about anything and was just aiming to kill him?" <br/>
"It is because of that that this can be considered a battle. He probably thinks that if he doesn’t strike with his all coupled with the advantages he already has, he won’t be able to catch a glimpse of that boy’s serious side. That’s most definitely the case." <br/>
"…Hah… And so, we have to watch over this fight that just shaves away all of our self-confidence?" <br/>
Noma makes a wry smile. It was as if they were watching an army of one fighting against an army of one.<br/>
"Yes, that’s exactly right. Let’s watch over it without missing anything." (Vivi)<br/>
The words of Vivi sounded a bit as if she had given up.<br/>
"…By the way, about the costs for repairing our base…" <br/>
The one who poked ‘his’ head out from the side of Noma and asked this was the finance manager, Dorasena. <From now on, when the gender is not specified, I will use ‘he’ and ‘his’.><br/>
‘He’ also participated in the frontline team, but ‘his’ main profession is using the abacus.<br/>
"…Let’s hope for the assets of the Kuzunoha Company." (Vivi)<br/>
Vivi made a small pause to think, and decided to stop thinking.<br/>
That’s how much power unexpected expenses have, and that’s just how fearsome columns of red numbers are.<br/>
◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆<br/>
"[Moonlight…Slash]!!" <br/>
"I have already received that too many times! Come, Silver Arms!!" (Makoto)<br/>
If it’s the red armor, I can keep up with him in defense and speed.<br/>
And, I have already grasped the fighting style Aznoval-san calls Squire where he uses illusory beasts via a special summoning method. <br/>
Even if I try to shoot through them right after they are summoned, they instantly enter into the sword, and I can’t even target any other beasts aside from the wild boar and the white crow.<br/>
Fighting with illusory beasts possessing his sword.<br/>
That’s an incredible concept, and most of all, that sword that makes it possible is incredible.<br/>
Its looks might be a complete joke, but its capabilities are top notch.<br/>
Beren will definitely ask Aznoval-san later to let him touch it.<br/>
…If the sword is okay by that time, that is.<br/>
"Summoning armour?!" (Aznoval)<br/>
"Big is great!! Wasn’t it?!" (Makoto)<br/>
The stupid size and speed of the sword is already weaved into me.<br/>
With the two silver arms…I grab the giant blade. And just like that, I activate the destructive power that lies within the arms without holding back.<br/>
The presence of the two types of beasts inside the sword…are crushed!!<br/>
"T-This is—! Tch!!" (Aznoval)<br/>
"You can pull out from that?!" (Makoto)<br/>
Aznoval-san jumps to the back with his creaking sword still in hand.<br/>
With his sword still in hand!!<br/>
The blade that the silver arms had caught was forcefully pulled out.<br/>
What a guy.<br/>
"Golden Wild Boar, Green Blue; Death Bringer Crow, Reibun!" (Aznoval)<br/>
He is absorbing that wild boar into his sword!<br/>
With that endurance and charging power, just what kind of sword will it turn into?!<br/>
"!!"<br/>
"[Unveil, Nameless one who must not be spoken of]!!" (Aznoval)<br/>
Aznoval-san proclaims the name of his technique and takes a stance.<br/>
A thrust huh.<br/>
The size of his sword has not changed though…<br/>
"Fast!!" <br/>
Aznoval-san lunges at me with speed faster than that of me in my red coat.<br/>
A man of large build and incredible muscles holding a giant sword is a lot faster than me.<br/>
"Haaa!!" <br/>
A scream filled with fighting spirit.<br/>
If I didn’t have my Silver Arms, I would have had no choice but to take a direct hit -with the resolve of receiving damage from it.<br/>
But, I now understand that it is okay even if I use the Silver Arms.<br/>
Then, I will face his attack straight on.<br/>
"I will have you do some work, Silver Arms!" (Makoto)<br/>
That person’s personality is easy to understand.<br/>
He will definitely come straight at me.<br/>
All other movements are feints.<br/>
I take a stance with Azusa.<br/>
Concentrating deeper than before.<br/>
…I aim…between the brows of Azu-san.<br/>
It is doubtful if he will be stopped with this or if he will surrender.<br/>
He is supposedly immortal, but I wonder if he doesn’t feel fear of death or feel any pain.<br/>
No, don’t think unnecessary things.<br/>
Aim.<br/>
"Now then, how will you take it?! Is it going to be with those ominous arms there?!" (Aznoval)<br/>
Straight in front of me, there’s Aznoval-san.<br/>
I will show you right now.<br/>
I stop the thrust by holding it in between the palms of the Silver Arms.<br/>
And then, crush…and shoot at him!!<br/>
"Stretch!!" (Aznoval) <br/>
"…"<br/>
The sword stretches.<br/>
The blade stretched in an explosive manner.<br/>
…And my back is close to a rock wall. <br/>
Hahaha, I have already grown tired of being surprised.<br/>
This must be what they call ‘no words for it’.<br/>
It is going to reach me.<br/>
But the Silver Arms are also doing their best.<br/>
The edge of the blade is slowly being destroyed, and the blade itself is thinning.<br/>
It doesn’t matter who wins; that won’t decide the match.<br/>
As long as I have the time…..I can shoot!!<br/>
"Cold resolute eyes. So you have finally gotten serious?!" (Aznoval)<br/>
The speed of Aznoval-san himself increases and the size of the blade also increases without stopping.<br/>
If I lower my guard, I will be swept instantly.<br/>
Ah, that has always been the case.<br/>
I just don’t have to lower my guard.<br/>
No matter if he is immortal, if I pierce his head, it should show some effectiveness.<br/>
If he was a human, that’s for certain.<br/>
"…"<br/>
The sword and the arms struggle with each other.<br/>
And in that gap, I shoot my arrow.<br/>
The arrow flies to the target with conviction and without pause.<br/>
I watch over it. <br/>
Aznoval-san tries to move his head slightly away from it, but as if reading that…the arrow moves as if being absorbed by his forehead.<br/>
Right in target.<br/>
At the same time, his force, his blade, and his energy weakened radically, and then, stopped.<br/>
The sword that had increased in size by who-knows-how-much was destroyed, and returned to its previous Masamune form.<br/>
My back hit the wall.<br/>
Aznoval-san silently fell onto his knees.<br/>
I unconsciously gulp the saliva accumulated in my mouth.<br/>
Silence came back to the place.<br/>
After being pressured for so long, relief was slightly born inside of me.<br/>
"Didn’t you hear from Rokuya and the others that I am immortal, Raidou-kun?!" (Aznoval)<br/>
"?!"<br/>
With an arrow still in his forehead, the hung down head of Aznoval-san was lifted up with force, and made an upward slash with his sword.<br/>
A-Are you a zombie?!<br/>
Immortal as in, seriously immortal?!<br/>
Even I don’t know what I am saying anymore!<br/>
"[Sword Spirit, Over…" (Aznoval)<br/>
I was totally caught off-guard.<br/>
It is a development I wasn’t expecting much.<br/>
"Rampaging Drive]!!" (Aznoval)<br/>
The blade of the kitchen knife Masamune that was…being driven into my red coat…exploded with the yell of Aznoval-san.<br/>
The intense ‘pain’ I haven’t felt for a long time…attacked my body.<br/>
Ah…this person…<br/>
This person is…dangerous.<br/>
Previous Chapter l Next Chapter<br/>
 <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
				__ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
					__ATA.initDynamicSlot({<br/>
						id: 'atatags-977445811-5e887f9cc4741',<br/>
						location: 120,<br/>
						formFactor: '001',<br/>
						label: {<br/>
							text: 'Advertisements',<br/>
						},<br/>
						creative: {<br/>
							reportAd: {<br/>
								text: 'Report this ad',<br/>
							},<br/>
							privacySettings: {<br/>
								text: 'Privacy settings',<br/>
							}<br/>
						}<br/>
					});<br/>
				});<br/>
			<br/>
<br/>
            __ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
                __ATA.initVideoSlot('atatags-977445815-5e887f9cc4774', {<br/>
                    sectionId: '977445815',<br/>
                    format: 'inread'<br/>
                });<br/>
            });<br/>
        <br/>
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... <br/>
<br/>
October 1, 2017October 4, 2017 ReigokaiTsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Douchuu <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
