<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Chapter 13 – In the Temple’s Training Location<br/>
Comrade of The Hero, Chiyuki.<br/>
Reiji and Shirone are sparring in Rena temple’s knights’ training ground.<br/>
They are using light wooden swords for training their swordsmanship.<br/>
「Uhm, Chiyuki-san….」<br/>
Sahoko, who is beside me, is calling me with a worried voice.<br/>
「I understand. I’ll stop them before things become too dangerous」<br/>
I reply as such to calm Sahoko down.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Reiji wanted to learn swordsmanship from Shirone for the sake of a rematch with Diehart.<br/>
Reiji had just woken up and wanted to practice immediately.<br/>
However, it might be because lying down for so long doesn’t sit well with him.<br/>
So, he wanted to learn swordsmanship from Shirone.<br/>
When I heard that, I was astonished.<br/>
Never did I think that this man will say that he would train in his martial arts.<br/>
Reiji is a greenhorn in martial arts.<br/>
Though Reiji’s father tried to make his son learn some martial arts, it seems no one could teach martial arts to Reiji due to his personality since childhood.<br/>
However, from what I heard from an insider of Reiji’s family, it seems that he’s a cheeky brat from an adult’s point of view, and no one will teach martial arts since no one wants to get beaten by the employer.<br/>
Nevertheless, Reiji’s physical ability is extraordinary even without the practice of any kind of martial arts.<br/>
That’s also the reason why Reiji didn’t try his hands on any martial arts.<br/>
Rather, I’m really surprised that he is this strong even without learning anything.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
And that Reiji told us that he wants to learn martial arts. I suspect it has something to do with his fight against Diehart.<br/>
This is actually an extremely positive development for him.<br/>
Reiji’s talent has only brought him so far, but now, he can go even further by learning.<br/>
His childhood aside, Reiji never lost even once after he grew up.<br/>
I read in some book that “A defeat will make people grow”.<br/>
I think it won’t be easy to gain victory against Reiji after he learns martial arts, even for Diehart.<br/>
Since no one can win against a genius who puts in great effort.<br/>
But, since his body isn’t in proper condition, Sahoko naturally opposed that.<br/>
I’m looking from the side to stop them when things are getting dangerous. So, it’s a training with such a condition attached.<br/>
If one were to ask why me, it seems I’m the most cool headed amongst our party.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Well, apart from Sahoko who is against the training, it’s impossible to appoint this role to the other members.<br/>
Even Shirone thinks that Reiji is a hero, so she didn’t consider the fact that Reiji might be too rash.<br/>
That’s why I became the stopper.<br/>
Shirone is teaching Reiji the way to grip his sword. She teaches him to grip it moderately and only strengthen his grip when he swings his sword.<br/>
Even by just looking from the side, I am able to gain new knowledge from them.<br/>
But I can see that Shirone isn’t a good teacher.<br/>
Though the person herself says it, it really seems that Shirone doesn’t have much talent in kendo.<br/>
Her teaching methodology is also clumsy.<br/>
Moreover, there’s a peculiar negative effect for special training in this world.<br/>
It is the fact that we are superhumans in this world.<br/>
For example, consider we’re doing weight training.<br/>
Even 100 kg dumbell of this world becomes extremely light in our hand.<br/>
Even the weakest of us, Sahoko can lift 100 kg with one hand.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Our 100 kg is vastly different from 100 kg of the people from this world.<br/>
That’s why weight training is useless.<br/>
But, by saying so, the special training will end up in us learning the skills.<br/>
That might be the same for Shirone who possesses high physical ability, though not as much as Reiji. It seems her skill wasn’t that developed.<br/>
Moreover, there’s a blank period of almost two years since she left her family dojo. That’s why the contents of her lesson are also probably limited.<br/>
I heave a sigh. I feel bad for Shirone even though Reiji finally showed interest in learning martial arts. He might need a better master.<br/>
Shirone’s coaching class continues in spite of its poor quality.<br/>
Even Reiji is obediently receiving Shirone’s teaching.<br/>
Reiji’s face is showing an unusually serious expression.<br/>
Reiji has a charming face, thereupon I got unintentionally charmed by that face.<br/>
「Thank you, Shirone」<br/>
Shirone’s face flushes a little when Reiji said those words with a refreshing smile on his face.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Even though Sahoko is looking, aren’t you a bit too close to Shirone？<br/>
Sahoko, seeing them from the side, is having a slightly grim face.<br/>
Or rather, that’s just natural for her to be worried since Reiji and Shirone are so close to each other.<br/>
But, it seems that Sahoko isn’t the only one anxious about it. We are not the only ones in this training field. There are almost 20 civilian women or girls who work for the temple and came to visit Reiji.<br/>
They had gathered on hearing Reiji’s recovery.<br/>
Since this training field is separated from the main building of the temple, it’s relatively easier for them to enter.<br/>
That’s why many women have gathered today to see him.<br/>
To be honest, it’s better to chase them off since they’re just a hindrance of Reiji’s training.<br/>
But, I will look like a girlfriend driving away the insects swarming her boyfriend.<br/>
It seems I’ve gained a reputation of being an arrogant woman in the eyes of the girls in this Lenaria city.<br/>
We, on Reiji’s side, aren’t that popular amongst the girls of Lenaria city. The reason is because we are always beside the popular Reiji.<br/>
Well, the one who receives most of the hate is Kyouka, though.<br/>
Kyouka is hated by women and feared by men.<br/>
Previously, she devastated the downtown when she used her magic against a pervert. She ended up wounding so many people who got dragged into her mess. The men kept their distance from her due to this reason.<br/>
The one who’s fairly popular in the female population amongst our group was Shirone. The brave Shirone is particularly popular amongst the younger woman.<br/>
Currently, there are even kids who come to this training field to see Shirone.<br/>
On the contrary, the most popular amongst the men was Rino. Well, she’s popular due to her cute and charming figure.<br/>
Though Sahoko is also popular, in her case, it’s closer to respect and affection rather than popularity. She heals the sick and injured and is hailed as the saint.<br/>
From watching Reiji’s training, Reiji’s sluggish movements are clearly visible.<br/>
With such a deep gash on his chest, that’s natural. Currently, Reiji’s life has been forcibly maintained with Sahoko’s magic.<br/>
That’s why he can’t force himself for now.<br/>
This is it for today’s training I guess.<br/>
When I think so, the training field becomes noisy.<br/>
「Please step aside for a moment」<br/>
When I am thinking about it, pair of women push their way through the throngs of women and come to see Reiji.<br/>
They are Kaya and Kyouka.<br/>
These two should have been on their way to a certain bakery that they found delicious.<br/>
They made a rude entrance and are heading toward us.<br/>
「What’s the matter, Kyouka-san？」<br/>
Sahoko is asking Kyouka.<br/>
「A BIG INCIDENT JUST HAPPENED TO US, YOU KNOW！！ 」<br/>
Kyouka replies to her as such.<br/>
But Kyouka has a habit to exaggerate things, so it shouldn’t be that serious.<br/>
I’m looking at Kaya.<br/>
「It really was a serious incident」<br/>
It seems it really was a big incident.<br/>
So I stopped Reiji’s and Shirone’s training and drove away the unrelated spectators.<br/>
「What happened, Kyouka？」<br/>
While walking toward us, Reiji asks Kyouka.<br/>
「Onii-sama~. I met a pervert. Kyouka is scared」<br/>
The pervert was definitely a dangerous one.<br/>
「Is that so. That is dangerous for sure, Kyouka. Leave it to me, I’ll shred this pervert to pieces later」<br/>
If it’s this world, Reiji might really shred that pervert to pieces. But that is not the only problem.<br/>
「What does that mean, Kyouka-san？」<br/>
So I ask Kyouka to tell the entire story.<br/>
「That pervert groped my breasts」<br/>
Did it mean the pervert went as far as groping Kyouka’s breast? What were those escort knights doing then？<br/>
「And then, what happened？」<br/>
So I ask her to continue her narration.<br/>
「After groping my breast, he ran away」<br/>
That wasn’t the thing I want to hear the most.<br/>
「And then, what about your magic？ Is the city alright？ 」<br/>
Since Kyouka destroyed the city with magic in the previous incident, it was my primary concern.<br/>
「Chiyuki-sama. Ojousama did not use her magic」<br/>
Kaya is the one who replied instead.<br/>
I feel relieved on hearing that.<br/>
It seems the city is safe.<br/>
「And then. What happened to that pervert？ Did you catch him and hand him over to the knights？ 」<br/>
「No, he fled」<br/>
「Is that so？ From you？ That’s strange」<br/>
If Kaya were serious, escaping from her grasp isn’t that simple. She might have let him flee on purpose.<br/>
「Yes. I couldn’t catch him since I was thrown away by that person」<br/>
「Eh……？」<br/>
My eyes opened wide in astonishment after hearing her words.<br/>
Kaya got tossed？<br/>
Kaya is Kyouka’s attendant, and also acts as her escort. She has learned barehanded martial arts such as Kenpo and Karate.<br/>
She’s quite skilled, and that’s why even an average adult won’t be able to defeat a martial arts expert like her back in our world.<br/>
Much less to say in this world, Kaya can even beat several hundred adults.<br/>
And that Kyouka was tossed by that pervert. Isn’t that dangerous?<br/>
When I tried to ponder her story a bit, there are several strange parts in Kyouka’s story, too.<br/>
If Kyouka slapped that pervert with her full power, if it’s an adult of this world, his head should have blown away.<br/>
But, that didn’t happen. That pervert isn’t your average joe.<br/>
「GATHER EVERYONE！！WE HAVE AN EMERGENCY MEETING！！」<br/>
<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
