<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Chapter 14 – Identity of the Pervert<br/>
Comrade of The Hero, Chiyuki.<br/>
「Now, what kind of a man is that pervert？」<br/>
　Nao is asking Kaya.<br/>
　There were the words『Emergency Meeting: Miss Kyouka’s Breast Fondling Incident』 written bright and clear on the blackboard.<br/>
Naturally, the culprit is Nao. It seems the person herself is going to take up the role of a detective just like in those dramas.<br/>
「His height is around Reiji, he hides his appearance with a black mantle attached with a hood」<br/>
Kaya replies with an expressionless face.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
「It’s decided then, the culprit is REIJI」<br/>
Rnio is saying so while clapping her hands.<br/>
「Rino. That is impossible」<br/>
Reiji is playing along with her.<br/>
Yup, in the first place, Reiji is not the culprit. Everyone here knows about that.<br/>
「N-No way, onii-sama was the culprit… I’ll let you to fondle it as long as you want if you asked for it, you know」<br/>
「I’m taking back what I said before」<br/>
「I object, Rino-chan. Rei-kun was with us all along. He has a perfect alibi, you know」<br/>
Sahoko is putting forth her objection. Well, it’s not like Rino’s really thinking that Reiji is the culprit.<br/>
「Be quiet everyone, we have yet to gather the testimonies from all the witnesses」<br/>
Nao is telling everyone to be quiet.<br/>
「Well then, Kaya-san, will you explain the situation during that incident？」<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
「Yes, we were passing by the central plaza on the way to buy bread with ojou-sama. There, I noticed that someone was tailing us from behind」<br/>
There’s one point that makes me worried from Kaya’s testimony.<br/>
「Kaya-san, did the knights fail to notice him？ 」<br/>
「Yes, it seems that the person used invisibility magic」<br/>
Invisibility magic is a magic to hinder perception. Someone without certain level of perception skill won’t be able to notice it.<br/>
Once recognized, the magic will be solved.<br/>
「So, that’s means the culprit is a magician. Then we can start working from this」<br/>
There’s only a small number of magicians, usually at least one per city state.<br/>
Though there are several magicians in case of this city, it might be easier to investigate them.<br/>
「This person approached us from behind with invisibility magic. When he came right behind me, I sent a roundhouse kick toward him」<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
「Your roundhouse kick you say. Isn’t that person already dead….」<br/>
Kaya is shaking her head in denial in response to Shirone’s words.<br/>
「That person dodged my kick」<br/>
「Na~~….」<br/>
Some people were holding their breath.<br/>
Kaya’s martial arts prowess will even give Reiji a good run for his money. Since he can avoid that kick, he isn’t an ordinary person.<br/>
「When I reached him for the third attack, he seized my arm and flung me away」<br/>
「…………」<br/>
Everyone is speechless and surprised after hearing her words.<br/>
Including me.<br/>
Kaya’s martial arts skill were famous even back in our world.<br/>
Say nothing of him avoiding her attack, he even managed to fling her away.<br/>
It’s impossible for even Reiji to fling her away.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
And someone from this world actually managed to do that. It really makes me wonder what kind of person he is.<br/>
「After doing that, he groped ojou-sama’s breasts. Finally, he fled from that place」<br/>
「…………」<br/>
Everyone is dumbstruck. But, for a different reason from a while ago.<br/>
「Let’s try to make a timeline for the situation」<br/>
Nao starts writing on the blackboard.<br/>
１． His height is similar to Reiji.<br/>
２． He used invisibility magic.<br/>
３． He can toss Kaya-san.<br/>
４． He likes Kyouka-san’s breasts.<br/>
「These might be the points」<br/>
Nao is saying so as she turned around.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
「An abnormally skilled pervert, huh…」<br/>
Rino is speechless.<br/>
To be honest, I am too.<br/>
「No way, my breasts… has been targeted by that kind of pervert」<br/>
Kyouka is saying so while hiding her breasts.<br/>
Kyouka’s breasts are the biggest after Sahoko’s. It’s natural for men to aim for it.<br/>
「I envy those who have smaller breasts」<br/>
Kyouka is saying so while looking at Nao and Rino.<br/>
「B-BIGGER IS ALWAYS BETTER YOU KNOW！！ 」<br/>
「M-MINE IS STILL GROWING！！ 」<br/>
Rino and Nao are pouting.<br/>
「It’s okay, Rino, Nao. I’ll do something about it」<br/>
I don’t know what he meant by “Do something about it”, but, I really want to hit his hands that are making some unpleasant gestures.<br/>
「Even so, I wonder what kind of a person the culprit is？」<br/>
Shirone is saying so.<br/>
I’m also worried about that matter.<br/>
We can find people who fulfilled the first and second points written by Nao.<br/>
But, the problem is the third point. Could it be that there’s someone else who can toss Kaya in this city, apart from Reiji?<br/>
And then, it becomes even more confusing with the fourth point.<br/>
Well, I don’t even want to know what was going on inside that pervert’s head.<br/>
「Anyway, shall we go to the magician’s association tomorrow？  Maybe they could possibly someone who fulfills these four points」<br/>
So, I make a suggestion. I’m planning to search for someone who can fulfill the first and second requirements.<br/>
「That’s right. I’ll make sure to teach that bastard who dared to reach his hand to someone’s little sister」<br/>
Reiji’s face is scary.<br/>
「Yeah, I can’t let that person roam around freely」<br/>
Rino gives her agreement, too.<br/>
Everyone is giving their resolution.<br/>
「Please wait a minute！！ 」<br/>
Everyone is looking at Kaya. It’s very rare for Kaya to start the conversation.<br/>
「What’s the matter, Kaya-san?」<br/>
「Something has been worrying me」<br/>
Everyone is tilting their head.<br/>
「Something is worrying you？ 」<br/>
Kaya is nodding.<br/>
「I noticed that the technique used by that person to toss me is similar to the one used by Shirone-sama during our match sometime ago」<br/>
Shirone’s family dojo teaches a grappling technique that closely resembled Judo.<br/>
And Kaya said that pervert used the exact same technique.<br/>
Shirone-san. Have you taught that technique to someone? 」<br/>
Shirone is shaking her head in denial.<br/>
「Uhn. I just showed it to Kaya-san right after we came to this world」<br/>
Thereupon, it’s Kaya’s turn to shake her head.<br/>
「My deepest apologies. That person’s ability is far more stronger than mine」<br/>
　Kaya is saying so with a grim expression.<br/>
「Is he even stronger than me？」<br/>
　Shirone is asking.<br/>
「My deepest apologies….」<br/>
Kaya is saying so in an apologetic manner.<br/>
「Uhm, I don’t mind, Ju-jitsu isn’t my strong point after all」<br/>
Shirone is saying so while laughing.<br/>
「But, even if you say that he used the same technique, what does it have to do with Shirone？」<br/>
Rino says so.<br/>
「It just maybe a similar technique of this world」<br/>
I also agree with Nao words.<br/>
That possibility is much higher. Maybe there’s a similar technique in this world.<br/>
「There could certainly be similarities between different tossing technique. Maybe that person just happened to have a similar technique as Shirone-sama. In fact, it’s a technique that’s similar to the ones from Ju-jitsu」<br/>
Kaya also agreed with Nao.<br/>
　And then, she continues after brief pause.<br/>
「But, I think it might be a technique that came from our world」<br/>
　Everyone is looking at each other’s face after listening to Kaya’s words.<br/>
　She just dropped a bombshell.<br/>
「So you mean another person came to this world aside from us?」<br/>
　Kaya is nodding in affirmation to Reiji words.<br/>
「Everything will come together as long as you think about it」<br/>
　I’m pondering again about the meaning of her words.<br/>
「If that is true, then everything will be clear」<br/>
　If he is a human from the same world as us, he might be not a small fry seeing that he can avoid Kaya’s attack and even toss her.<br/>
　Naturally, it’s not strange for him to be able to use magic similar to us.<br/>
「But, Rena didn’t tell us anything」<br/>
　Some of us are nodding on hearing Reiji’s words.<br/>
　Certainly, Rena didn’t say anything about someone else being summoned beside us. In conclusion, she forgot to tell us about such an important matter.<br/>
「Maybe, there’s someone else who can use the summoning mechanism….」<br/>
　There’s also that possibility.<br/>
「So, let’s try to ask Rena about it, since there are several other things that I want to ask her about, too」<br/>
<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
