<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Chapter 15 – Conversation With the Goddess<br/>
Chiyuki’s conversation with Rena.<br/>
「It’s been a while, goddess Rena」<br/>
「It’s been a while, Chiyuki」<br/>
　A considerable amount of time has passed since I met Rena previously.<br/>
　The last time we met was around three weeks ago.<br/>
    Rena and I are the only individuals in this room inside the temple.<br/>
　Because Reiji will try to achieve what Rena wishes for if he were here.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
　Though reluctant, we somehow managed to persuade him.<br/>
　Now, since we can’t leave Reiji alone, everyone else also left with him.<br/>
「What brings you here today, Chiyuki?」<br/>
　I’m looking at Rena.<br/>
　Beautiful face with hair glistening like a star; abundant chest that is even bigger than Sahoko. Reiji aside, this beauty is definitely capable of charming many men to do her bidding.<br/>
「Yes, I called you here since there is something that I wish to confirm」<br/>
　The truth is I wanted to solve my quandary by directly going to this goddess’s dwelling in Elios.<br/>
　But, it seems we can’t go there unless we get permission from the king of gods, Oudith. Thus, I did not have any choice but to summon Rena to this place whenever I have something to ask.<br/>
　Though Reiji has tried to enter Elios without caring about those things, Reiji eventually gave up when this goddess asked him to do so by slouching and highlighting her breasts.<br/>
「First, why have the gods of Elios left the demon king to his own devices？」<br/>
　I ask the first question.<br/>
「It’s not like they have left him to his own devices, but… The gods have their own circumstances, you know」<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
　Rena replies as such with an apologetic expression.<br/>
「May I hear what these circumstances are？ 」<br/>
「My apologies, Chiyuki. I… can’t divulge that」<br/>
　From her attitude and response, it seems that she won’t tell me about it.<br/>
「So, that’s it…」<br/>
「Is that the only thing that you wanted to ask？ 」<br/>
　Of course not.<br/>
「No, there is an even more pressing matter that I wanted to ask」<br/>
「An important matter？ I wonder what it could be…」<br/>
　I take a deep breath, and then open my mouth.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
「Goddess Rena, there’s someone else that was summoned aside from us, right？ 」<br/>
　Upon hearing that question, Rena’s face becomes gloomy.<br/>
「So Chiyuki noticed it, huh… It’s as you imagined」<br/>
　I’m more surprised after hearing Rena’s words.<br/>
「As I thought, so it’s true…」<br/>
「Yeah, Chiyuki. Even I came to know about this matter only five days ago」<br/>
　5 days ago？ Knew？<br/>
　Could it be that the person wasn’t summoned by Rena？<br/>
「Goddess Rena, could it be that you are not the one who summoned that person？ 」<br/>
「Eh, me？ For what reason？ 」<br/>
　I’m convinced upon seeing Rena’s reaction. The one who summoned that person is not Rena.<br/>
　There’s another person who summoned an otherworlder aside from Rena.<br/>
　Though I didn’t hear the particular details about the summon from Rena, it’s not strange for another person to be capable of performing a summon.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
　In that case, there’s no need to dig deeper into this.<br/>
「My apologies, goddess Rena. It seems that I doubted you」<br/>
「？ 」<br/>
　Rena’s expression changed into curiosity.<br/>
　Could it be that she never considered being doubted？<br/>
　Well then, let’s move to a different topic.<br/>
「Let’s switch the topic, but there’s something that I wish to ask in the next topic」<br/>
「A… wish is it？ 」<br/>
「Please send me and Shirone back to our own world」<br/>
   After hearing my request, Rena is showing a troubled face.<br/>
　In fact, it should have been “All of us”. However, Reiji absolutely won’t give up on his promise to Rena.<br/>
　Even so, it’s been half a year already. We can’t continue to remain irresponsible, and should be back immediately.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
　Thus, as a result, Shirone and I decided to go back.<br/>
　And then, we will be the ones reporting our safety to everyone’s family.<br/>
「So you won’t cooperate in defeating the demon king anymore？ 」<br/>
　Rena is saying so with moistened eyes.<br/>
「It’s already half a year. We can’t stay in this world any longer than this」<br/>
「Why is that？」<br/>
　Rena is pleading toward me. If I’m Reiji, I might be hearing her plea.<br/>
　But, that kind of eyes won’t work on me.<br/>
　And then, I suddenly stumbled upon a certain idea.<br/>
「Understood」<br/>
「So you will grant my wish」<br/>
　Rena is smiling. It’s as if her smile is capable of making a flower blossom completely.<br/>
「On thinking upon it again, there’s another person who used the summoning magic, right?」<br/>
　When I say about what I thought.<br/>
　Rena’s expression became more severe than a while ago.<br/>
「Chiyuki, what is the meaning of your words？ 」<br/>
「If you’re not going to fulfill our wish, I just need to go to that person’s place」<br/>
　When I’m saying so, Rena’s expression became even more scarier.<br/>
　That was the face that Rena never showed me until now.<br/>
　My back is drenched in cold sweat.<br/>
「Chiyuki！ Is that what all of you are planning to do？ 」<br/>
　I’m being pressured by Rena’s vigor.<br/>
　Could it be that she doesn’t want us to return so much？<br/>
「N-No. At the very least, I’m the only one….」<br/>
　Practically, I’m the only who’s saying that I want to go back to our world. Next is Shirone who wants to go back for a while.<br/>
　When I’m saying so, Rena’s face returned to normal. I’m relieved after seeing that Rena’s vigor vanished.<br/>
「Understood, Chiyuki. So it’s okay if I just send you back, isn’t it?」<br/>
　Rena smiles toward me.<br/>
Dark Knight Kuroki.<br/>
　It’s already been two days since that event.<br/>
　When I think carefully, it still seems impossible.<br/>
　It was impossible to know the situation about the hero party without letting them understand about me with my abilities.<br/>
　And yet, I can’t be careless at the same time.<br/>
　From Nut’s information, the hero party didn’t make any special movements.<br/>
　But, just to be sure, I’m staying in this hut without even entering the rampart.<br/>
　I’m leaving the entire process of infiltration and information acquisition to Nut.<br/>
　So, I’m wondering for what reason I came so far.<br/>
　In the end, I decided to tell everything to Nut.<br/>
　When I did so.<br/>
「WHAT, THE HERO IS ACTUALLY DIEHART-SAMA’S RIVAL IN LOVE!!!」<br/>
　Was what he said.<br/>
　It seems he’s misunderstanding about something. In the first place, I’m not even his foe and yet….<br/>
　I still couldn’t break his misunderstanding.<br/>
「Certainly, that’s why you were summoned to his majesty demon king’s side」<br/>
　He told an incomprehensible thing to me.<br/>
　And then, he continued with this subsequent reply.<br/>
「Please leave everything to this Nut」<br/>
　He assured me as such.<br/>
　I don’t even know what’s happening.<br/>
　But, with this, maybe he will bring the information that I want to know.<br/>
　Thus, Nut is monitoring the situaiton in the temple.<br/>
　From the conversation of the temple’s priest, he informed me that the goddess has descended in the temple.<br/>
　She was the culprit who summoned Reiji. Maybe something serious just happened.<br/>
「I’m ba~ck, Diehart-sama~」<br/>
　Nut has returned.<br/>
「Did you get the information about why goddess Rena has descended？ 」<br/>
　Nut is shaking his head to show his lack of knowlegde.<br/>
「It seems she’s having some kind of discussion with the one called Chiyuki, but I can’t hear the content of their conversation due to the strict defenses」<br/>
　As expected, it seems the goddess is heavily guarded. It is to the point that even Nut can’t infiltrate to gather the information.<br/>
「I see, well it can’t be helped then…. Thank you, Nut」<br/>
「But…. There’s something that’s worrying me」<br/>
「Something that’s worrying you？」<br/>
「Yesh, it seems that Shirone-san, the sweetheart of Diehart-sama wants to go back to her original world」<br/>
「……EH？ 」<br/>
　Unconsciously, I let out a dumbfounded voice.<br/>
「But…. it seems that the ones who wish to return are just Shirone and the one called Chiyuki」<br/>
　That’s definitely a worrying information.<br/>
「If I’m not wrong, Elios didn’t have the method to perform reverse summoning too, right？ 」<br/>
「Of course, they don’t….」<br/>
　Since there’s a method to perform reverse summoning in Elios, could it be that Modes is the only one who didn’t have it？<br/>
「Is that true…. that they have the method to perform reverse summoning？ 」<br/>
「Diehart-sama！HEIBOS-SAMA WON’T DO THAT KIND OF TRICKERY TO MODES-SAMA！！ 」<br/>
　Nut replies as such with full confidence.<br/>
　Heibos, the god of craftsmanship. I heard that he is a friend of Modes.<br/>
　And Nut is saying that Heibos isn’t the kind of guy who will withhold such information.<br/>
　But, the method for reverse summons is not available yet, at least for now. In the worst case, they’ll end up drifting in between the dimensional boundary.<br/>
　Shirone says that she wants to go back.<br/>
　But, Nut is telling me that there’s no method to return.<br/>
　There’s a contradiction in this information.<br/>
　Maybe Rena isn’t aware that she can’t send them back with the current summoning magic.<br/>
　But, what if she sent Shirone back despite knowing about such information？<br/>
　Either way, Shirone is in a dangerous situation.<br/>
「Could it be that Rena will really perform the summoning ceremony？ 」<br/>
「Yesh」<br/>
「And she is currently in the temple right？ 」<br/>
「Yesh」<br/>
　I should just confirm these facts right from the goddess herself.<br/>
「Nut, let’s raid the temple」<br/>
<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
