<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Chapter 4 – The Mysterious Dark Knight Appears<br/>
The Comrade of the Hero, Sage Chiyuki.<br/>
「It’s just a bit more right, Chiyuki-senpai.」<br/>
Sasaki Rino, otherwise known as Rino, is saying that while dancing around me.<br/>
Rino loves to sing and dance and originally aimed to become a model to dance and sing in our world.<br/>
Could it be that the reason is because recently she’s aware of the fact that she’s being called as the goddess of dancing？<br/>
She becomes the center of attention wherever she goes since she keeps dancing while walking in the middle of the city.<br/>
The problem is she prefers a miniskirt-like attire.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Because of that there are many occasions in which she’s exposed to the indecent sight of many men.<br/>
When I point that out, she says that she doesn’t care about such things since she’s used to it; it seems the person herself doesn’t care about it.<br/>
Modelling is a line of work which no one will be able to do unless they get used to such gazes.<br/>
I definitely won’t be able to endure it if I was in her position.<br/>
「Yeah, it’s just a bit more, Rino-san.」<br/>
I’m nodding to Rino.<br/>
The demon king castle is just a little ahead.<br/>
We can go back to our original world once we defeat the demon king Modes who lives in that castle.<br/>
And put an end to this long journey.<br/>
「Yeah, this painful and long journey will end at last.」<br/>
Reiji’s saying so with a deep voice.<br/>
「That’s a lie, you seem to be the one who’s always enjoying this journey, aren’t you?」<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
「Did it look like that to you？」<br/>
When I tell him that, he laughs back.<br/>
For him, who was summoned as the hero of light, he might actually be enjoying all of what happened.<br/>
Or not, it’s not just him.<br/>
Rino and Nao were also enjoying this.<br/>
We came to this world around half year ago.<br/>
We were summoned by a woman called Rena who proclaimed herself as a goddess.<br/>
Rena made a request for us to defeat the demon king.<br/>
It was completely a manga-like situation.<br/>
To be honest, we were dissatisfied. What she did was a kidnapping. Definitely something unforgivable.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
But, Rena told us that we couldn’t be back from this world.<br/>
Being asked by such a beautiful woman, Reiji easily agreed to help her and went to exterminate the demon king.<br/>
Due to that reason, the other girls were also involved with him.<br/>
But, in the end, I was the only one who’s dissatisfied with the situation; Reiji, Nao, Rino, and the others are overjoyed at being able to come to this game-like world.<br/>
And just like that, our adventure began.<br/>
I was anxious at first.<br/>
I was anxious whether we can live in this world.<br/>
But that worry ended in an instant.<br/>
We were strong in this world.<br/>
After we came to this world, our physical strengths had raised to an absurd level just like a superman.<br/>
According to my observations, the rise in our physical strength is in proportion of our own abilities in our original world.<br/>
Because, Reiji and Nao, who originally had the highest physical ability amongst us in our original world, possessed the highest physical ability after coming to this world.<br/>
And yet, even Sahoko, the owner of weakest physical ability amongst us, can easily toss several average adult males of this world.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Another thing is magic.<br/>
It seems that only a handful amount of the humans in this world can use magic.<br/>
And we, all of us can use this magic. Moreover, we can even use the highest level magic that can’t be used by the humans of this world.<br/>
By the way, the ranking of our amount of magical power is me, Sahoko and Reiji at the highest, and Nao is the least one amongst us.<br/>
I couldn’t understand the reason why we couldn’t use magic in our original world.<br/>
But regarding this magic, all of us couldn’t use similar type of magic.<br/>
I’m not very good at using thunder and flame magic like Nao and can’t win against healing magic of Sahoko. Instead, Rino and Sahoko can’t use magic such as transfer magic.<br/>
Rino is a spirit system magic user and Sahoko is a healing system magic user, as said by Nao in a game-like way. And then, I’m a magical power system magic user.<br/>
We, who can freely manipulating this kind of power became the strongest in the world.<br/>
Especially Reiji, his combat ability as the one who’s summoned as the hero of light is terrifying. Even if the five of us form a group, it is still not enough to defeat him.<br/>
According to Rena, it seems that his combat power alone is on par with the king of gods, Oudith.<br/>
Even if it is a dangerous place for girls like us, we can easily get over it thanks to Reiji.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
This journey will be ending very soon.<br/>
I think it’s fine for us to be a little greedier when I think about it now.<br/>
Isn’t that natural since we’ll basically be sent back to our original world without even demanding some sort of remuneration？<br/>
Reiji couldn’t make a demand for remuneration since he readily accepted Rena request, but it’s still not too late even if we demand for remuneration later.<br/>
Maybe Reiji’s weakness for beauties will bite back at him sooner or later.<br/>
I think that it’ll be a good thing if he turns that kindness toward males too, but it seems he has no interest in the men.<br/>
According to what he says, a man must solve their own problems by themselves, thus he saves nothing but girls.<br/>
But from my eyes, seeing him saving those cute girls with pinpoint accuracy must be just my imagination right.<br/>
「I can see the demon king castle～」<br/>
Nao who had went to scout the situation has returned.<br/>
She’s the ace of track and field club of our academy who came along with us and her physical ability is on the same level as Reiji.<br/>
In spite of being called as the feral child of the academy, she’s actually a cute girl once you know her.<br/>
In game terms, her assigned job is Thief or ranger, so the matter of scouting like this is left to her.<br/>
「How is the situation, Nao-san？」<br/>
「Uh~n, there are no traps and they didn’t even strengthen their defenses with soldiers. I think it’s safe for us to advance」<br/>
「And yet it’s their last stronghold, isn’t that strange？」<br/>
「Are they staying inside in fear of us？ 」<br/>
Rino’s saying that with an optimistic tone.<br/>
「Maybe it’s just as simple as there’s no soldier left to protect him, isn’t it？ I mean, didn’t we just beat the one who called themself as the chivalric order of dark knights the other day. Despite their appearance, you might think that they’re the last ones………..」<br/>
Shirone’s saying so without self confidence.<br/>
Shirone’s home runs a kendo dojo, and she also learns kendo.<br/>
She’s already one of the strongest class swordsman of this world and she’s the next strongest after Reiji, if those amongst us fight without using magic.<br/>
When I see her figure when she fights, her lively swaying ponytail made it as if she’s dancing.<br/>
Thus, she wears a lightweight armor for ease of movement.<br/>
Reiji advised her to wear bikini armor, but as expected, she rejected that flat on the spot.<br/>
By the way, she’s saying about the chivalric order of dark knights who fought us four days ago.<br/>
Reiji took a different action at that time and the matter of us being cornered when we fought without Reiji is of great concern..<br/>
Especially the guy called Runfeld-or something who was acting as their leader was powerful; his swordsmanship was equal to Shirone, and have high magic resistance, we were being cornered.<br/>
Reiji, who noticed our situation, immediately took a U-turn and then rushed to save us. Runfeld ran away while barely keeping his dear life.<br/>
The chivalric order of dark knights was almost annihilated due to Reiji’s counter attack and only few of them managed to survive.<br/>
「I felt that we’re not the best, but………………」<br/>
Sahoko says that.<br/>
She’s the one who hates dispute the most amongst us.<br/>
She’s a gentle girl who will offer a healing for injury or disease whenever she has some free time.<br/>
She’s being referred as ‘the Saint of healing’.<br/>
「Yeah, they definitely don’t put any kind of resistance, and it’ll be bothersome if only weak guys come out to meet us」<br/>
I agree with Sahoko.<br/>
「Well, we should know about that very soon. Everyone, let’s go！ ！ 」<br/>
「「O~h！！ 」」<br/>
Rino and Nao raise their voice of approval toward Reiji’s remark.<br/>
We’re advancing toward the demon king castle.<br/>
Few minutes later.<br/>
We arrived at the main gate of the castle without meeting any sort of trouble.<br/>
There are no troops. But, someone who wore jet-black armor was standing at that place.<br/>
「Dark…. Knight？」<br/>
It was a figure which closely resembled the dark knight we fought before.<br/>
In spite of being unable to see his face since his head is covered with helmet, it seems he’s not Runfeld.<br/>
But, why is he alone?<br/>
Everyone is tilting their head, except for me.<br/>
The dark knight who’s standing alone wasn’t our enemy.<br/>
What is that demon king thinking about.<br/>
The dark knight draws his sword.<br/>
「My name is dark knight Diehart！ ！ Hero Reiji, I request for a duel！ ！ 」<br/>
The Youth Who Became The Dark Knight, Kuroki.<br/>
「My name is dark knight Diehart！ ！ Hero Reiji, I request for a duel！ ！ 」<br/>
I stand in front of them and introduce myself while wearing the armor of dark knight that is wrapping around my body.<br/>
I make a sweeping motion with the sword in my hand.<br/>
It was a cursed sword which was given to me by Modes. I’m told that it’s sharpness varies depending on the magical power of its wielder.<br/>
The blade of the sword is black in color with several red patterns running across its surface.<br/>
The feeling of holding real sword is different from holding a shinai[i]. .<br/>
It was closer to the feeling when I held a katana back in japan.<br/>
This blade, a naked blade, was different from the drawn katana at that time, this sword might really kill people.<br/>
In the end, I couldn’t refuse Modes’ request.<br/>
I was just unable to refuse the request of his miserable self.<br/>
Moreover, I wanted to laugh at myself when I introduced myself as Diehart.<br/>
Diehart. That is the name of the villain of the anime which I saw a long time ago.<br/>
He’s a clown with uselessly high pride who is easily defeated by the hero.<br/>
That name is definitely fitting for the current me.<br/>
I called myself with the name of the villain in the anime since I don’t want anyone to notice that it was me, especially Shirone.<br/>
The helm given by Modes is the one that’s used as a defensive gear by the dark knight and is the type that covers my entire face.<br/>
I chose this one so that Shirone won’t recognize that it’s me.<br/>
It seems the helmet is equipped with the magic that won’t hinder my words in spite of wearing a helmet.<br/>
And then, this magic also slightly altered my normal voice.<br/>
My usual voice will be heard as a different voice by the other party as long as I wear this helmet.<br/>
And, there were red gems attached on the eyes part of this helmet. It seems the effect is to protect my eyes from the magic that will affect my vision.<br/>
Moreover, in spite of the red gem covering the eyes, my field of vision is wider than usual because of magic.<br/>
I can see them from behind this helmet.<br/>
The one with fascinating, long and beautiful hair is Mizuouji Chiyuki.<br/>
The soothing beauty who’s Reiji childhood friend is Yoshino Sahoko.<br/>
One of the two junior, a model, Sasaki Rino.<br/>
The other one is the feral child of the academy and also the ace of track and field club, Todoroki Naomi.<br/>
And then, my childhood friend, Akamine Shirone.<br/>
All of them form an army of beauties. They’re surrounding Reiji.<br/>
Shirone’s standing beside Reiji.<br/>
To be honest, I didn’t want to see her standing beside Reiji.<br/>
That’s why I didn’t want to see it.<br/>
Never did I think that I’ll see that scene today.<br/>
I look at Reiji.<br/>
Golden patterns are engraved on top of his pure white armor.<br/>
He is wearing a golden circlet with a blue gem embedded on it on his head.<br/>
There’s a luxurious-looking crimson mantel attached to his back.<br/>
That was exactly the ideal figure of the hero of light who’s summoned by the goddess.<br/>
To be honest, I feel that he’s cool.<br/>
On the other hand, I’m the underling of the demon king. Moreover, I’m standing alone without any comrade beside me.<br/>
What the hell is with these differences. This tragic situation made me want to cry.<br/>
「Everyone, fall back」<br/>
As expected, Reiji’s telling the girls to fall back.<br/>
It seems he’ll grant my one-on-one match request.<br/>
I feel great pressure as I stand before him.<br/>
Now, I’m starting to regret my decision.<br/>
Why the hell am I not showing any refusal.<br/>
This is not a match but a battle to death.<br/>
And yet, I don’t have the resolution to die.<br/>
I’m burdened by fear.<br/>
I only have a feeling of being slaughtered miserably.<br/>
Fool, I’m such a big idiot.<br/>
Even at this moment, I can still throw away my sword and then beg for forgiveness from my opponent.<br/>
But, why do I keep tightening the grip on my sword.<br/>
Reiji’s also drawing his sword.<br/>
His sword blade is exuding brilliant light. It seems that my opponent also has a magic sword in his possession.<br/>
「I’ll end this in one attack」<br/>
Reiji let out a refreshing smile. That smile is the form of his absolute confidence in the fact that he absolutely won’t lose.<br/>
This will be our second fight. I think that his smile is similar to his smile during our first match.<br/>
We face against each other for several seconds.<br/>
「If you’re not going to come, I’ll come to you！！ 」<br/>
The first to move is Reiji.<br/>
Reiji kicks the ground and instantly closes the distance between us. His speed is far more higher than Runfeld.<br/>
But, I can see that his movement isn’t that much different from that time.<br/>
Reiji suddenly vanished when he’s right in front of me.<br/>
I also anticipated that move. It was the same move which defeated me.<br/>
I hold my sword in my right hand.<br/>
A shockwave is transmitted to the swordblade. I parried Reiji’s attack with my sword by turning my wrist and turning my waist while shuffling my feet.<br/>
Though Reiji stance is crumbled due to that―<br/>
「Oops！！ 」<br/>
One’s stance usually will crumble if they’re put in the same situation as him. That Reiji regained his stance with his self-styled rotation is…<br/>
Truly a monkey-like movement. Just what kind of reflexes does he have in him？<br/>
When Reiji regained his balance, he’s coming to attack from the front.<br/>
I won’t take that attack from the front; I parry it by turning my sword and then side stepped with sliding movement in order to not destroy my center of gravity.<br/>
The sliding movement on the ground[i] is something that I just learned recently after such long and arduous training.<br/>
Reiji, whose balance is crumbled, turns to the side.<br/>
Just like that, our blades interlock again.<br/>
Everytime our blades interlock, the inside of my head’s becoming pure white.<br/>
The sound of our swords clashing at each other is resounding loud and clear.<br/>
「Kuh！！ 」<br/>
And then, during who-knows-how-many-of Reiji attack is coming at me.<br/>
It was a sloppy attack which is coming with an impatient voice.<br/>
I just naturally swing my sword while dodging that sloppy attack at the last moment.<br/>
The feeling of my sword tearing something is being transmitted to my hand.<br/>
I can feel as if the time stopped at that moment.<br/>
The sword that I swung tore Reiji’s body from his right shoulder all the way to his left waist.<br/>
It might be a fatal wound and yet, it couldn’t slice his body in two.<br/>
Blood is bursting out from his wounds.<br/>
「E~h …….」<br/>
Reiji’s face possessed a disbelieving look while he looked at his own body.<br/>
And then, slowly falling forward.<br/>
「Reiji-kun！！ 」<br/>
「Rei-kun！！ ！ 」<br/>
「Reiji-senpai！！ ！ 」<br/>
「Reiji-kun！！ 」<br/>
「Reiji-kun！！ ！ 」<br/>
Five screams resounded at the same time.<br/>
The girls make their move.<br/>
I retreat to the back as I feel their killing intents.<br/>
That moment, a gigantic lump of fire came crashing down on the place where I was standing a moment ago.<br/>
Before I knew, a giant from that gigantic fireball is standing in front of me.<br/>
Standing on it’s side is Sasaki Rino.<br/>
「Go, king of flame！！ ！ 」<br/>
When she screamed, that flame giant comes to attack me.<br/>
I, who feel the incoming danger, stretch my left-hand which isn’t holding my sword to the front.<br/>
「O Black Flame！！ ！ 」<br/>
The black flame coming out from my hand protected me from the attack of that giant.<br/>
It’s the only magic that I remembered before this fight.<br/>
「Rei-kun！！ Heal the wound, ART OF HEALING」<br/>
Yoshino Sahoko is rushing to the side of the collapsed Reiji.<br/>
「Everyone！ ！ Gather at Reiji-kun’s side！ ！ 」<br/>
The girls are standing on Reiji’s side on hearing the panicking voice of Mizuouji Chiyuki.<br/>
「Transfer（TELEPORT）！！ 」<br/>
The attack of flame giant stopped almost at the same time as I heard Chiyuki voice.<br/>
Thus, I couldn’t see the trace of people in front of me just a while ago.<br/>
「Have I won…………」<br/>
My body is trembling as I muttered those words.<br/>
Just like that, I fall on my knees.<br/>
<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
