[Ankoku Kishi Monogatari ~Yuusha wo Taosu Tameni Maou ni Shoukansaremashita~ c42](https://foxaholic.com/novel/ankoku-kishi-monogatari-yuusha-wo-taosu-tameni-maou-ni-shoukansaremashita/chapter-42/)
<br/><br/>
Chapter 42 : A Joke of A Fight In The Confectionery Castle<br/>
Part 1<br/>
◆Dark Knight Kuroki<br/>
「WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?」<br/>
Kuna arrived along with the ogres. Though I didn’t understand what she was trying to say, it felt like I was taking a glimpse at something that was best left alone.<br/>
When I took a look outside as soon as Daigan informed about the arrival of the ogres, Kuna’s reflection came out of the confectionary castle and suddenly challenged Shirone to a fight. Just what the hell was happening here?<br/>
And then, I saw Shirone’s figure leaping towards the confectionary castle.<br/>
「Oh shit, If I don’t stop them soon…」<br/>
Transforming into my dark knight form, I leapt towards the confectionary castle.<br/>
Faster, faster, they might have already started their fight by now.<br/>
When I was about to chase after Shirone.<br/>
「WHA?!」<br/>
I twisted my body to the side, dodging something that just passed through the place I was standing a moment ago.<br/>
I quickly descended to the ground. The place where I descended was right outside the rampart of Algore.<br/>
As I descended, someone also seemed to be descending from the sky.<br/>
A woman around my age. I remember that face.<br/>
The first time I met her was when I was at the Holy Republic of Lenaria.<br/>
If I’m not wrong, her name was Kaya.<br/>
「I never expected you to have infiltrated Algore.」<br/>
The woman called Kaya set her stance up with both of her fists.<br/>
To be honest, I didn’t have the time to play around with her.<br/>
「It should be your plan to save Regena while that Silver-haired Woman distracts our attention, right? But I won’t allow that to happen」<br/>
No, you’re mistaken. I had no intention to make Kuna perform such dangerous acts. That’s why I had come as fast as I could to stop them.<br/>
「Well, there’s something doubtful about your actions just now. If you still retain your own free will, why do you still serve under that Demon King? 」<br/>
This woman was pressing such a question upon me.<br/>
I don’t have an answer to that question.<br/>
「The Demon King is the cause of the suffering of many people! Do you not feel anything about their suffering!」<br/>
Kaya continued to question me with an anger-filled voice.<br/>
「You’re mistaken. Since when did the Demon King cause the suffering of people? Despite always staying in Nargol, how did he cause the suffering of many people?」<br/>
I objected to her outright accusation.<br/>
「So you finally feel like replying. Yes, it’s true that the Demon King never leaves Nargol. But the demons are the ones attacking humans. Isn’t that the same as the Demon King causing the suffering of many people?」<br/>
「… The Demon King never ordered them to do so.」<br/>
「… So it’s just his subordinates doing as they please? Isn’t that irresponsible? Why doesn’t he control them? Isn’t that the same as having him as the reason for the suffering of people?」<br/>
I had no answer to that question.<br/>
Not all demons in this world were Modes’s subordinates.I could easily raise an objection to that accusation.<br/>
But, I really couldn’t say anything for what she said about not controlling his subordinates.<br/>
With his power, Modes might be able to control the majority of demons in this world. But he wasn’t doing so since there was no benefit in doing so.<br/>
Then, did the responsibility of controlling the demons fall upon Modes?<br/>
Well, the gods of Elios seemed to think so. Though those gods were reigning humanity, they never ruled over them. According to my investigation, despite having enough power to dominate the humans, the gods of Elios never did so. Reason: it seemed quite troublesome to do so.<br/>
Part 2<br/>
And then, if some human commits a crime, was it right to say that the gods, who don’t intend to control humans, were at fault?<br/>
Or else, must they control humanity like robots?<br/>
Does she mean that Modes had to dominate all the demons and make them not attack humans?<br/>
In the first place, Modes wasn’t an ally of humanity. Still, he wasn’t their enemy, either.<br/>
Modes’s goal was simple. He just wanted to protect the place he lives with the woman he loves.<br/>
Though as the king of Nargol, his reason makes one wonder, someone who lives outside Nargol doesn’t have the right to criticize one living in Nargol.<br/>
Even so, she had misunderstood that fact.<br/>
I might have been the one in her position if the one who summoned me wasn’t Modes but Rena.<br/>
But, I was not the ally of the humans. I had been summoned to become the ally of the demons.<br/>
Though it was not like I wanted to become the enemy of several individuals, the matter of seeing from the perspective of the humans of this world was quite difficult for the current me.<br/>
「I don’t think that the matter of never controlling the demons is a bad thing … Thus, unfortunately, I won’t comply with your opinion.」<br/>
「I see … Well then, shall I ask my first question again? Why did you take the side of the Demon King? Is there some sort of merit in doing so? Or, is it because of that Silver-haired woman?」<br/>
By silver-haired woman, she must be referring to Kuna. Surely, Kuna was one of the reasons I took the side of the Demon King.<br/>
Because, similar to Modes, my goal was something more simple.<br/>
I recalled the scene that I saw at the mountain of the Holy Dragon King. Reiji and the others seemed to be really enjoying themselves.<br/>
I was jealous of them. I was extremely jealous at that point in time…<br/>
At that time, tears were coming out non-stop under my helmet.<br/>
I don’t have anyone as my comrade in this world.<br/>
Modes and Nut were slightly different from that.<br/>
What I actually wanted was to adventure and laugh together just like Reiji and the others, comrades who support each other, whom I could love and get loved in return. Even better if that said comrade was a cute girl.<br/>
That might sound like an extravagant wish.<br/>
But, that only wish of mine was realized. A cute silver-haired woman.<br/>
I would’ve never met her if I wasn’t summoned to this world because there was no doubt that I was doomed to be alone in my original world.<br/>
I wanted to enjoy an adventure along with Kuna in this world.<br/>
Recalling the joy of adventuring along with her, a smile formed under my helmet.<br/>
Yup, nothing can beat the joy of adventuring along with a cute woman.<br/>
「Certainly, there’s also that reason…」<br/>
I agreed with her words.<br/>
「Is that so. So that woman is truly the reason. It seems we have no choice but to kill that silver-haired woman called Kuna.」<br/>
I could feel something black and sinister gushing out from inside as soon as I heard those words.<br/>
「My bad … I won’t let you guys do that!」<br/>
I took a step forward while proclaiming my decision.<br/>
She retreated while she set a stance with her fists.<br/>
I don’t know why they came to the conclusion that they had to get rid of Kuna. But I won’t let anyone hurt her.<br/>
Thus, I approached my enemy. For as long as Kuna existed, I would always be on the Demon King’s side.<br/>
I’m fine with remaining a Dark Knight.<br/>
I abandoned humanity to become the ally of the Demon King in order to fulfill my own wish. I’m a true villain, and I’m proud of it.<br/>
「Talking anymore is useless! If you won’t let me pass, then I’ll force my way through!!」<br/>
I must go as fast as possible to the confectionary castle, and it was located behind this woman.<br/>
Thus, I rushed towards her.<br/>
Part 3<br/>
◆Sword Maiden Shirone<br/>
Slashing apart the transparent windowpane made of candy, I entered from the biggest spire standing right at the center of the confectionary castle.<br/>
The place I arrived at was the bedroom. There was a huge canopy bed in that room.<br/>
The futon seemed to be made from cotton candy and underneath was something soft like a rice cake. Or was it something similar to a fig paste cake which I ate once before at Reiji’s home?<br/>
This kind of bed made me want to dive into it with all my might. However, I had to endure it for now since I didn’t have any leeway to perform that act.<br/>
Maybe this place was the room of the lord of the castle.<br/>
That woman was surely waiting for me in the throne room below. There was no doubt about it.<br/>
I walked on a cookie-like floor.<br/>
I encountered a lot of myulmidon soldiers on the way towards the throne room.<br/>
I took a better look at the myulmidons again. They were just like ants with a humanoid form.<br/>
They were just like the ant soldiers of the confectionary castle.<br/>
Setting the spear in their hands, the myulmidons rushed at me.<br/>
「SCRAM!! FLAME BLADE!!」<br/>
I cleaved those myulmidons with the flame blade in my hand.<br/>
The castle was illuminated using animal series candle-like transparent sweets.<br/>
I advanced through the passage made of sugar.<br/>
As I continued walking, I seemed to have arrived in front of a huge door made from baked sweets and decorated with cream. The other side of this door might be the throne room.<br/>
Closing my eyes, I focused my mind. I could feel several figures with gigantic humanoid shapes. Those might be the ogres.<br/>
I opened the door and entered the room.<br/>
「GUORYAAA!」<br/>
「DEAAA!」<br/>
Two ogres rushed towards me from the shadow of the doors.<br/>
Naturally, I had seen through their ambush plan. I dodged their attacks with dance-like maneuvers and then cut them down with my sword.<br/>
Those two ogres were cleaved diagonally, from their shoulder to their waist, and fell on the floor just like that.<br/>
「RETSUG! ZAIG!」<br/>
「YOU BASTARD!! HOW DARE YOU!!」<br/>
The remaining ogres were glaring at me.<br/>
But they were just small fries. Looking around, I found a gigantic throne inside this spacious room.<br/>
A gigantic throne decorated with various kinds of sweets. A small girl was sitting on that throne.<br/>
Even though her body was really small compared to the throne, her aura was incomparably bigger than the throne.<br/>
Kuna, the Silver Witch. That should be her name – the mastermind who brainwashed Kuroki.<br/>
I met her once before in Velos, but now that I took a better look at her, she seemed to be an extremely beautiful girl.<br/>
She was wearing a dark-toned dress decorated with blue flowers. The purplish red hair clip fastened on her silver hair made her look enchanting.<br/>
This girl didn’t say anything even after seeing me again. She was just looking as if she was scowling at me.<br/>
「You guys, why are you dawdling like that! Kuna-sama is watching us! Let’s take that human down!」<br/>
The other ogres resumed their frenzy upon hearing the female ogre’s words.<br/>
They were equipped either with an ax, a spear, or a sword. It seemed that each weapon was a magic weapon.<br/>
I twisted my body to dodge the incoming spear thrust from the ogres and then brandished my sword at him.<br/>
As I managed to defeat the spear-wielding ogre, the other ogres attacked me from three different directions.<br/>
I parried the attack from the ax-wielding ogre, dodged the slash from the sword-wielding ogre, and stabbed towards the other ogre.<br/>
Part 4<br/>
Then, I rotated my body, causing my sword to chop the other two ogres.<br/>
With this, only the female ogre and the Silver Witch were left.<br/>
「HOW DARE YOU!! TAKE THIS!!」<br/>
The female ogre raised her hands. Black mist-like gas came out from her sleeves.<br/>
「Black, BLASTING INSECT!」<br/>
The little insects that came out from the female ogre’s sleeve were heading towards me.<br/>
「SUCH THINGS CAN’T STOP ME!」<br/>
I unfolded my wings and blasted those insects with my feather arrows.<br/>
The insects knocked down by my feather arrows vanished with small explosions.<br/>
「THEN, HOW ABOUT THIS!?」<br/>
Electricity crackled in the female ogre’s hands.<br/>
「O THUNDER SNAKE! STRANGLE THY ENEMY TO DEATH!」<br/>
The electricity emanating out of her hands assumed the figure of a snake and shot towards me.<br/>
「EI!」<br/>
With a yell, I took on the thunder snake with my sword.<br/>
「DISAPPEAR! LIGHTNING BLADE!」<br/>
My sword shined as it absorbs the thunder snake.<br/>
「WHAT!」<br/>
The ogre exclaimed with a shocked face.<br/>
「HA!!」<br/>
With a loud yell, I slashed my sword.<br/>
The thunder slash remained undisturbed as it neared the ogre.<br/>
「NO WAY!! THIS KUJIG I\~S!」<br/>
Such was the ogre’s reaction when she was about to die.<br/>
The thunder-based attack sliced and penetrated through the ogre and continued towards the Silver Witch.<br/>
WHAM!<br/>
However, it vanished before it could touch the Silver Witch.<br/>
Naturally, the Silver Witch was also unscathed.<br/>
「NOW YOU’RE THE ONLY ONE LEFT!」<br/>
I pointed my sword.<br/>
「Weak…」<br/>
The Silver Witch stood up from the throne while saying so.<br/>
「Naturally! No matter how many of these ogres you gather, they can’t defeat me!」<br/>
Saying so, I pointed at the corpses of the ogres.<br/>
But the Silver Witch was shaking her head in denial.<br/>
「Far weaker than Kuroki…」<br/>
Saying so, the Silver Witch stared at me with a piercing cold gaze.<br/>
「I heard that both of you honed your swordsmanship in the same place but … Kuroki’s swordplay is far sharper than yours. It was my plan to withdraw if it turned out that you were more powerful than my expectations … However, I’ve changed my mind. Those ogres have been useful as tools to measure your power.」<br/>
Saying so, she then set a stance with her scythe.<br/>
「Here I come, Shirone. This Kuna is going to erase the traces of your existence.」<br/>
Hearing her words made me even more irritated.<br/>
「DON’T LOOK DOWN ON ME!」<br/>
Kicking the floor, I crossed the distance between us in one go.<br/>
「HA!」<br/>
When I arrive right in front of her, I swung down my sword.<br/>
The Silver Witch used her scythe to parry my attack.<br/>
Part 5<br/>
「Eh?」<br/>
My stance crumbled as my attack got parried by her.<br/>
Crap.<br/>
Thinking so, I twisted my body.<br/>
The scythe came down to take my life.<br/>
Feeling that I wouldn’t be able to parry this blow, I unfolded my wings to change the trajectory of the blow.<br/>
A bit of the feathers was plucked from my wings while doing so.<br/>
「HAAAH!」<br/>
After fixing my stance, I pushed my sword forward.<br/>
「Fuuh…」<br/>
Smiling lightly, the Silver Witch turned her scythe to parry my sword.<br/>
「GUH!」<br/>
Following right after the parry the handle part of the scythe hit my abdomen. I became careless since I was only watching the blade part of the scythe.<br/>
「Don’t just keep looking at the edge of the blade … That’s what Kuroki taught me.」<br/>
I retreated to open up some distance between us.<br/>
This girl was powerful.<br/>
I glared at the Silver Witch.<br/>
「My training with Kuroki is of really great value…」<br/>
The Silver Witch smiled delightfully.<br/>
What the hell does that Kuroki do when I’m not by his side. Now, I’m really angry.<br/>
「So what!」<br/>
I unfolded my wings and shot my feather arrows. As I expected, the feather arrows were repelled right in front of the Silver Witch. However, it was just a feint.<br/>
I kicked the ceiling and then went behind the Silver Witch.<br/>
Increasing the output of my magic power, I accelerated the movement of my body.<br/>
「TAKE THIS, SEN TSUBASA HIEN HA! [TL: 千翼飛燕刃 literally Swallow Flight, Thousands Winged Blades] [ED: I’m not really sure how to edit this skill’s name] !」<br/>
I send forth a thousand slashes towards her at a stretch.<br/>
But my slashes couldn’t reach the Silver Witch. It was as if there was an invisible wall blocking my attacks.<br/>
「No way …  How can you erect several magic shields at once…」<br/>
The barrier that blocked my attack was a magic shield.<br/>
In normal cases, no matter how powerful someone was, they couldn’t use more than one magic shield at a time. However, she was using several magic shields at once.<br/>
Not even Chiyuki-san could do that.<br/>
As far as I knew, Rena was the only one capable of doing this.<br/>
Rena didn’t participate that often in fights but she was quite powerful herself.<br/>
She specializes in magic related to barriers. I had a mock battle with her once before, and none of my attacks could reach her at that time.<br/>
As a side note, Rena also used mind magic and healing magic.<br/>
According to Nao-chan, Rena was like a close-combat priest, but then this Silver Witch might be the same type as her.<br/>
「Ninefold Magic Barriers. Kuna can deploy nine magic barriers at the same time. According to Kuroki, it seems that Kuna specializes in barrier and healing magic. Nevertheless, I was a little surprised by your attack just now … If it was Kuroki, dodging your previous attack would just be a piece of cake, but the current Kuna can’t do that.」<br/>
It was just as she said, Kuroki dodged that attack before.<br/>
And not just this move. When I fought him in the Holy Republic of Lenaria, Kuroki easily saw through all of my attacks and dodged them all.<br/>
Really, when did he become that powerful?<br/>
「Nevertheless, this Kuna is still more powerful than the likes of you. No, I’m not only more powerful. My breasts are bigger, and my waist is more slender than yours too. KUNA IS DEFINITELY MORE BEAUTIFUL THAN YOU!」<br/>
The Silver Witch said so while locking her gaze with me.<br/>
「W-W-WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?! YOURS ARE JUST OVERSIZED BREASTS!」<br/>
Part 6<br/>
Saying so, I touched my breasts.<br/>
Certainly, despite being shorter than me, her breasts were bigger. Her waist was more constricted, too.<br/>
It was frustrating but I completely lost to her in regards to style.<br/>
But, it was not like my breasts were small. Rather, they’re bigger than the average. Hers were just oversized.<br/>
In the first place, what in the world was she talking about in the middle of a battle? I didn’t know what she meant, though.<br/>
「So Shirone, you’re a needless existence. That’s why this Kuna will make you disappear forever!」<br/>
I knew that the Silver Witch was serious from her ballooning magical power.<br/>
I don’t know why, but I didn’t feel like losing to her.<br/>
The Silver Witch set her scythe ready for an attack and charged at me.<br/>
「So what, I WON’T LOSE TO YOU TOO!」<br/>
I also set my sword to clash with her scythe.<br/>
◆Former Princess of Algore, Regena<br/>
「Ah, my dear master has come…」<br/>
Something warm wrapped around my chest.<br/>
I couldn’t bear to stay in this place.<br/>
I recalled the matter about Rietto.<br/>
「Even though we used to play together in the past…」<br/>
I unintentionally muttered so.<br/>
Being the target of Rietto made me sad.<br/>
Rietto’s mother was kind to me, too. The one who killed her kind mother was none other than my father.<br/>
Thus, it was just natural for Rietto to hate me. The same goes for other people. That was why they didn’t want me to stay in this place any longer.<br/>
The only one who didn’t think so was just Omiros.<br/>
Even though I feel bad for Omiros, the place I belong to is by my dear master’s side.<br/>
That’s why I had to rush to my dear master’s side as soon as possible.<br/>
Currently, there was only one other person in this room, the little sister of the hero called Kyouka.<br/>
The woman called Shirone left the room when Kuna-sama called her name.<br/>
It seems that the woman called Kaya found my dear master, thus she left the room.<br/>
I had to do something to leave this room.<br/>
The woman called Kyouka doesn’t seem to be that powerful, but I might not be able to defeat her. I have to distract her attention to leave this room.<br/>
Suddenly, someone knocked on the door of the room.<br/>
「Who might you be? You may enter.」<br/>
The door opened. Standing in front of the door was Omiros. Fully armed, maybe because he was preparing himself for a fight against my dear master and the other extras.<br/>
「Oh my, Omiros-kun. What’s the matter?」<br/>
「Kyouka-sama, may I ask for your permission to take out Regena? 」<br/>
「Eh, me?」<br/>
What are you going to do, Omiros?<br/>
「What are you going to do by taking Regena out? 」<br/>
「The Dark Knight has come to Algore. That’s why I’ll send Regena back to the Dark Knight’s place.」<br/>
「Eh…」<br/>
I was shocked by his response.<br/>
「Is that so? Well, if you say so, I guess there’s nothing more for me to say.」<br/>
Kyouka said so as if noticing something from his voice.<br/>
「Before that, I wish to talk to Regena … Just the two of us…」<br/>
Part 7<br/>
Omiros and Kyouka were looking at me.<br/>
「What about you, Regena-san…」<br/>
I was also looking at Omiros. He was not lying. Omiros never lied to me.<br/>
It seems that Omiros would really send me back to my dear master’s side.<br/>
I nodded at him because this was a goodbye with the childhood friend who held me dear in his heart.<br/>
「Let’s go.」<br/>
I stood up and headed towards Omiros.<br/>
「Wait a minute, Regena-san. You forgot something.」<br/>
Saying so, Kyouka then gave something to me.<br/>
「This is my … sword」<br/>
The thing I received was the short sword that my dear master gave to me.<br/>
「It’s your most important thing, right? Here, I’ll give it back to you. From now on, please do not forget the talk about moving to our place. We’ll be waiting for you.」<br/>
Kyouka-san said so with a beautiful smile on her face.<br/>
Could it be that this princess was actually a really nice person?<br/>
「I have to ask for my dear master’s permission for that. But, I’m grateful for your feeling of wanting to help us.」<br/>
I bowed my head to her.<br/>
「… Well, I’ll excuse myself then.」<br/>
Raising my head, I went towards Omiros.<br/>
「Let’s go, Regena.」<br/>
I followed Omiros.<br/>
「Where are we going to go, Omiros? 」<br/>
「First is to the gravesite.」<br/>
Omiros replied without even turning around.<br/>
「The grave … site? 」<br/>
「Mother’s gravesite because you might not be able to come back after returning to Nargol.」<br/>
For some reason, I knew why Omiros was taking me to that place. Omiros was taking me to see my mother’s grave for the last time.<br/>
「No, we can’t do that!」<br/>
But I refused to go there.<br/>
「Why don’t you want to visit your mother’s grave, Regena?」<br/>
「I mean, everyone whom I left in Nargol couldn’t visit the graves of their relatives, and yet I’m the only one who can. There’s no way I can do that…」<br/>
Everyone except me couldn’t visit the graves of their relatives, so there was no way I could do that without the others getting the same privilege.<br/>
「I see…」<br/>
「Sorry Omiros … I ended up saying what’s been on my mind…」<br/>
「It’s okay … I’m glad to be able to meet you again, Regena.」<br/>
Omiros was laughing as he kept looking forward.<br/>
It must have been hard for him.<br/>
I knew what he felt. But, I’ve made my decision.<br/>
That was why I couldn’t respond to his feelings even if I could stay in Algore.<br/>
I remembered the memories of that day.<br/>
The day when we were driven away to the goblin’s nest.<br/>
I was scared of goblins. We were running desperately so that those goblins wouldn’t find us.<br/>
Our comrades vanished one by one. My heart was on the verge of a breakdown due to fear.<br/>
And then, “IT” appeared in front of us. The embodiment of fear in this world, a gigantic dragon.<br/>
When that dragon appeared, my heart was shattered to pieces.<br/>
It was so scary that I ended up crying.<br/>
Part 8<br/>
But then, a miracle happened.<br/>
The dark knight riding on the back of the dragon removed his helmet and smiled kindly at us.<br/>
The Dark Knight, riding on the back of the dragon, an existence more terrifying than the goblins.<br/>
The moment I saw his smile, my heart was at a loss.<br/>
The fear that I felt until a while ago vanished.<br/>
Starting from that moment, we started to live in Nargol.<br/>
Even though we were surrounded by those people of the demon race, I didn’t feel scared at all because my dear master was there. When I was by his side, the fear that I felt when chased by those goblins was gone.<br/>
If the most terrifying existence in this world was smiling at me, I didn’t think that there was anything left to fear.<br/>
I was no good without my dear master. I wouldn’t feel relieved unless I stayed by his side.<br/>
If I’m not by my dear master’s side, I will be haunted by the nightmare of being chased around by the goblins again. Such nightmares disappear when I’m by his side.<br/>
That was why I wanted to stay by his side. I was fine even if I couldn’t become his wife. I was fine even if I was not his mistress either. I was fine even if I was just his slave. Anyway, I was fine as long as I could stay by his side.<br/>
That was why I wanted to go back to my dear master as soon as possible.<br/>
I felt bad for Omiros who did so many things for me, but this was the only thing that I wouldn’t compromise on. Thus, I apologized to Omiros in my heart.<br/>
「Well then, let’s go to the watchtower. I’ve asked McGaius to clear that place of other people. If we go there, it’ll be easier for the Dark Knight to find us.」<br/>
Omiros was walking in front of me as he said so.<br/>
The watchtower was the place that was higher than any other rampart built to watch over Nargol.<br/>
Certainly, it’ll be easier for my dear master to find us if we went there.<br/>
Thus, we marched towards the watchtower.<br/>
A while later, we arrived at the watchtower.<br/>
The place that could be reached by climbing the stairs was wide enough to accommodate up to 30 people.<br/>
「If it’s here, he’ll find you immediately.」<br/>
Omiros was laughing.<br/>
「Thank you, Omiros.」<br/>
I told my gratitude to Omiros.<br/>
I wondered where my dear master was right now. When I was about to search for him…<br/>
「WAIT, REGENA! Someone is coming!」<br/>
I hid in panic as soon as Omiros said so.<br/>
I had become a hated existence for Algore’s citizens. Thus, it would be troublesome if they found my position.<br/>
I could hear the footsteps of someone climbing the stairs.<br/>
「WHO’S THERE! THIS PLACE IS OFF LIMITS!」<br/>
Omiros said so to the one climbing the stairs.<br/>
「It’s me, prince.」<br/>
「Parish-dono?!」<br/>
The one who came was Parish.<br/>
He stood there at the top most step of the flight of stairs.<br/>
「So it’s you, Parish-dono! Just where were you until now? And why are you here?」<br/>
Omiros moved closer to Parish.<br/>
「Well, it’s because I saw you climb the stairs of the watchtower … Rather than that, I also have something I want to ask you, prince. Why have you brought princess Regena to this place?」<br/>
I hid my face, but it seems he had discovered my identity.<br/>
「That matter should have nothing to do with you. I want you to leave this place!」<br/>
But, Parish laughed as he shook his head.<br/>
「It’s not like this matter has nothing to do with me, Prince Omiros」<br/>
Part 9<br/>
「What do you mean?」<br/>
「More importantly, tell me why you brought princess Regena to this place.」<br/>
I felt something was fishy upon hearing him ask again. Why did he come all the way to this place to ask that question?<br/>
「Understood.  I’ll tell you … It’s to send Regena back to the side of the Dark Knight. Is that clear? Now, please leave this place immediately.」<br/>
Having been overwhelmed in battle, Omiros told Parish his reason.<br/>
「… You shouldn’t do that. You really shouldn’t do that, Prince.」<br/>
Shaking his head, Parish mumbled those words.<br/>
I could feel that something was wrong with him.<br/>
What was the cause of this unpleasant premonition? The short sword that I got from my dear master was ringing.<br/>
I looked at Omiros’s side and I caught a glimpse of Omiros’s shield shining for a moment.<br/>
「What’s happening to you Pari—–? Eh, the shield is?」<br/>
Omiros realized that my sword was shining when he looked at it.<br/>
「KISHYAA!」<br/>
The change of events was too absurd. Parish suddenly unsheathed his sword and tried to attack Omiros.<br/>
His attack was fast. By the time I realized it, it was already too late for me to warn Omiros.<br/>
But then, Omiros’s shield blocked that supposed-to-be-deathblow with an even swifter movement. It was as if the shield was the embodiment of my will to save Omiros.<br/>
「WHA–?」<br/>
Omiros retreated to my side.<br/>
「Are you okay, Omiros?」<br/>
「Yeah, the shield is … moving on its own. It’s as if it’s moving to protect me.」<br/>
Omiros was looking at his shield as he said so.<br/>
His shield was shining faintly. It seems that it was a magic shield. I wonder where he got it.<br/>
I stared at Parish. Why did he try to attack Omiros?<br/>
「What is the meaning of this, Parish-dono?!」<br/>
Omiros glares at Parish.<br/>
「Ceh … Failed huh.? Even though that attack was supposed to kill you…」<br/>
Parish’s tone was different from before. It was as if his polite tone until now was a lie.<br/>
「W– Parish-dono?」<br/>
Parish’s face got blurred for a moment. That blurred face changed to a completely different–almost the exact opposite–of his previous handsome face.<br/>
I let out a loud scream upon seeing that face.<br/>
「Y-Y-YOU … ARE!」<br/>
I knew that face. It was the face from that nightmarish incident which I sealed in the corner of my memories.<br/>
「You are … Goz?!」<br/>
Omiros then called his name.<br/>
「Yes … I’m Goz, Omiros-kun. I never expected you to remember my name.」<br/>
Omiros was shaking his head after hearing Goz say so.<br/>
「I would never forget about you even if I wanted to, Goz. I never forgot about you ever since the day we met. I never expected you to use Parish’s face.」<br/>
Omiros unsheathed his sword.<br/>
「Hohoho, I’m honored to be remembered by you, Your Highness Omiros.」<br/>
Goz let out an unpleasant laugh.<br/>
「Step back, Regena.」<br/>
I stepped back following Omiros’s advice. But there was no escape since we were at the top of the watchtower.<br/>
Goz was looking at me. I got goosebumps as he looked at me with those eyes.<br/>
「Come to me, Regena. I’ve come to pick you up.」<br/>
Goz said so with a wide grin on his face.<br/>
