[Ankoku Kishi Monogatari ~Yuusha wo Taosu Tameni Maou ni Shoukansaremashita~ c43](https://foxaholic.com/novel/ankoku-kishi-monogatari-yuusha-wo-taosu-tameni-maou-ni-shoukansaremashita/chapter-43/)
<br/><br/>
Chapter 43 : Battle For The Bond<br/>
Part 1<br/>
◆Prince of Algore, Omiros<br/>
I defended myself from Goz’s slashing attack with my shield.<br/>
「TAKE THIS, FIREBALL!!」<br/>
When Goz stepped back to dodge my attack, he sent out fireball magic from his hand, which I blocked with my shield. The magic shield would have disintegrated if it was made from timber or pelt, but it stopped the fireball.<br/>
「Acceleration!」<br/>
Goz used another magic attack in no time. Using that as a diversion, he tried to cut me from the sides with his increasingly faster movements.<br/>
GAKIN!<br/>
The resulting ringing sound of metal clashing against metal was caused by the shield that was moving on its own. Despite all that, I was still on the losing end since I stopped that blow with a forced posture.<br/>
Since Goz kept using his magic in quick succession, I kept being pushed back by him.<br/>
I raised my shield in a hurry.<br/>
「WHAT THE HELL IS THAT SHIELD?!」<br/>
Goz screamed in frustration.<br/>
Just as he said, the shield was incredible. If I had to say, the incredible thing about the shield was the fact that it was moving on its own even when I wasn’t able to react in time.<br/>
It was at that time I recalled the words of the one who gave me this shield.<br/>
「You absolutely must not give this shield to Parish.」<br/>
It was as if he had already predicted this situation beforehand.<br/>
 Really, just who the hell was that minstrel?<br/>
But I had no time to ponder about such things right now. Goz’s attack was veering toward me again.<br/>
「F*ck! WITHOUT THAT F*CKING SHIELD YOU’D BE A GONER――!」<br/>
Certainly, I would have long since been defeated by him without this shield.<br/>
It was vexing, but I was weaker than Goz.<br/>
I was so frustrated by my inability to do anything against Goz just like when I met him all those years ago. I couldn’t do anything but look at the crying Regena at that time.<br/>
That was why I desperately trained myself ever since that day. To prepare for this day, to protect Regena.<br/>
But, Goz was obviously more powerful than the current me. He could have easily killed me if not for this shield.<br/>
It was vexing. I felt so … I wouldn’t be able to protect Regena if things stayed as they were.<br/>
I was really frustrated.<br/>
Goz attacked from a difficult angle again. I somehow blocked that with the shield’s help, but I was about to reach my limit.<br/>
I somehow reached a stalemate due to the power of the shield, but I wouldn’t hold out for much longer. It was only a matter of time before Goz defeated me, but I definitely won’t let him lay his hands on Regena.<br/>
「My bad, Goz! I won’t let you have Regena!」<br/>
I spoke as I pushed Goz back with my shield.<br/>
Ever since the day we met Goz, Regena became too scared to get out. Seeing Regena in that state was really unbearable for me.<br/>
Thus, I wanted to become strong enough to protect her and make her feel at ease going out. But, it turned out that I wasn’t strong enough. My strength alone wasn’t enough to protect Regena.<br/>
I went to her side while fighting Goz.<br/>
「Listen to me, Regena. I will hold him back in this place, you go call for reinforcements during that time.」<br/>
If I’m not strong enough to beat Goz, I just need to receive reinforcements.<br/>
「U-Understood, Omiros. Be careful, I’ll be back with reinforcements immediately.」<br/>
「Yeah, leave this place to me for now.」<br/>
Part 2<br/>
Goz blocked the stairs in order to stop us from escaping.<br/>
「You want to stop ME? Do you think you can do that?」<br/>
Goz grinned widely as he responded to our conversation that he overheard.<br/>
「GOZ! Yes, I’m no match for you indeed! But, I can still hold you back in this place!」<br/>
While I  pointed my sword to Goz, Regena moved quietly to the side.<br/>
「Kukuku … You better give up.」<br/>
「What are you talking about, Goz?」<br/>
「OPEN YOUR EARS, PRINCE! NO ONE CAN SAVE YOU!」<br/>
As I tried to listen, I heard the screams of the people.<br/>
「This is bad, OMIROS! There’s a horde of goblins below! The goblins are invading Algore!」<br/>
Regena screamed as she confirmed the situation below.<br/>
It was already night, but the moon was shining brightly in the cloudless sky illuminating the scenes below.<br/>
「GOZ! YOU BASTARD!!」<br/>
I glared at Goz.<br/>
「Ha\~h, those goblins are the subordinates that I led to invade Algore! Right about now, they’re killing the Algorians who were too preoccupied with the Dark Knight to notice our approach!」<br/>
Goz laughed at the top of his lungs.<br/>
「Today marks the end of Algore! NOW FALL INTO DESPAIR―― OMIROS-KUN!」<br/>
◆Dark Knight, Kuroki<br/>
「HYAKU RETSU HYAKUHO KAMIKEN!」<br/>
The woman called Kaya kept sending shockwave attacks from a distance with her fists.<br/>
As for me, I was sliding around while parrying those attacks.<br/>
I wanted to go to Kuna’s side as soon as possible, but this girl just wouldn’t let me go.<br/>
I have no choice then.<br/>
I made up my mind.<br/>
「So you finally made up your mind. But that’s strange … Regena-san is in the other direction.」<br/>
「My bad … I’m just a diversion. I’ve sent another force to save Regena.」<br/>
I told her such a smooth lie.<br/>
That “another force” was just bullshit that I said in the spur of the moment. My ranking in Nargol is second only to Modes indeed, but I have no subordinates at all.<br/>
「I see … But our reason to come all the way to Algore is you, Kuroki-san. Including the act of arresting Regena, everything will be settled as long as I can hold you down in this place.」<br/>
She really won’t let me go huh.<br/>
「Do you think you can do that?」<br/>
Hearing my question, Kaya nodded.<br/>
「I don’t feel any hostility coming from you. You’re definitely stronger than me, but you can’t win against me if you don’t attack.」<br/>
Saying so, she drew her fist.<br/>
Though this woman’s attacks won’t take my life, it feels like she won’t take my life while leaving me with one or two broken ribs. Incidentally, I wanted to cry at the moment since her words hit the bull’s eye.<br/>
Despite my attempts to advance further by dodging her kicks and punches, I really didn’t make that much headway.<br/>
I can’t advance any further unless I do something about this woman.<br/>
I slowly became impatient. I wanted to come to Kuna’s side as soon as possible.<br/>
Should I deliberately create some sort of opening? It’s hard to advance further without doing anything to her. In that case, I can only do that.<br/>
Part 3<br/>
「SURGING PALMS!」<br/>
When I created a gap in my movements on purpose, the woman called Kaya sent a shockwave through my armor with her left palm.<br/>
I rotated my body to the right to eliminate the force behind that blow, seized her hand, and then turned around to toss her to the left.<br/>
「What!」<br/>
She still sent a kick despite being tossed in that manner.<br/>
I dodged the kick the best I could by bending my body backward. What a splendid counter. It was also splendid in another way: I could incidentally see that she was wearing black lace panties when her skirt turned up due to her kick from before. The woman called Kaya stood up while taking a defensive stance after doing the backflip.<br/>
As she stood, she held her left arm.<br/>
She shouldn’t be able to use it for a while at least.<br/>
I apologized to her in my heart for inflicting such pain on her.<br/>
「Well done … But, don’t you think that you went too easy on me with that skill just now? Are you worried about my safety? You really are a kind person, no?」<br/>
Yup, I was going easy on her with my throwing technique just now. It was in fact a technique to make your opponent feel intoxicated by rotating him to the right and then to the left, but I failed to do so.<br/>
Yes, I failed to perfectly execute my technique thanks to that black laced panties. This is a secret of mine that I will bring along with me to the grave.<br/>
Thank you very much for the eye candy.<br/>
「It seems that I can’t stop you just with normal attacks … Then, how about this!」<br/>
Saying so, she suddenly stopped sending punches towards me, and instead approached me as she spread her hands to the side.<br/>
「What the? ! ! 」<br/>
I unintentionally leaked out.<br/>
I mean she was basically defenseless now. Any attack that I would send at this moment could easily take her life.<br/>
But, maybe, she intentionally left such a big gap in her defense seeing that I wouldn’t do anything dangerous to her.<br/>
A nice fragrant smell entered my helmet. I wondered what in the world she was going to do?<br/>
「TAKE THIS! TOURMALINE GLOVE!」<br/>
Powerful electric currents ran through my body along with her words.<br/>
Several seconds later, she finally released her forceful embrace of me.<br/>
「I released all the thunder spirit that was sealed in this glove in that attack just now. So no matter how powerful you are, this is the end.」<br/>
Saying so, she then released her hands.<br/>
「Maybe you are feeling that your body is paralyzed. Don’t worry, I’ll ask Sahoko-sama to heal you later. Well, you might not be able to hear me now, but someone who can’t attack will never win against someone who can.」<br/>
This woman was already sure of her victory. This was the moment I was waiting for.<br/>
Not missing that momentary gap, I grabbed her head.<br/>
「Eh?!」<br/>
She seemed quite surprised when I grabbed on to her.<br/>
「Sleep!」<br/>
I released my most useful magic directly into her brain.<br/>
「Ah…」<br/>
Kaya’s body trembled as she began to fall to her knees.<br/>
But before she lost her consciousness, she glared at me.<br/>
It seems that her mind was resisting the sleep magic that I cast on her, but her body failed to do so.<br/>
I became convinced that this magic absolutely wouldn’t have any effect on someone of her level unless I utilized it the moment she had a gap in her awareness.<br/>
「How…?」<br/>
Holding on to her head, she then fell on her knees.<br/>
Maybe she expected that electric-type attack to work on me since that it worked on me before.<br/>
Part 4<br/>
「Sorry … Electric-type attacks won’t work on me anymore.」<br/>
I had already prepared a countermeasure against that kind of attack. Maybe things would have gotten really dangerous if I hadn’t prepared that countermeasure.<br/>
When I thought that she used that kind of dangerous skill on me without even a shred of hesitation, a shiver ran through my spine.<br/>
The woman called Kaya was tottering on her feet. With this, she wouldn’t be able to do anything for a while.<br/>
I had to go to that confectionary castle immediately so I left her behind and ran.<br/>
「W-Waai-…」<br/>
I wouldn’t stop just because the woman called Kaya told me to do so.<br/>
Please, please keep her safe. I ran as I prayed for her safety.<br/>
◆Sword Maiden, Shirone<br/>
「FLYING SHADOW BLADE!」<br/>
Several magic blades produced by the Silver Witch’s scythe chased after me.<br/>
I erased them all with the swing of my sword.<br/>
「Not bad, Shirone! Then, how about this, VOID BLADE!」<br/>
Now, she used teleporting magic blades. However, this technique was too easy to dodge as long as I paid attention since there was a time lag between the moment she created the blade and when it made its move.<br/>
This was like a see-saw game.<br/>
Despite her insanely high defensive power, the Silver Witch seemed to have limited means of attack. For this reason, none of her attacks could finish me off.<br/>
Unfortunately, my attacks were also unable to penetrate her solid defense.<br/>
And yet, the one being chased around was me. I was bound to be defeated if things kept going on as they were.<br/>
「FLAME BLADE! KAEN HIEN HA!」 [TL: Literally means Blazing Swallow Wings Blade aka Yakitori Attack]!<br/>
I sent my attack towards her, but it was stopped by one of the Silver Witch’s magic barriers.<br/>
The magic barrier’s power varied in accordance with the power of its user. Despite not being as powerful as Rena’s, the Silver Witch’s magic barrier was still quite a powerful one.<br/>
「What a tough magic barrier … Reiji-kun should be able to tear through this magic barrier, but it’s simply impossible for me.」<br/>
Reiji-kun’s sword was fast and heavy. He could easily tear even Rena’s magic barriers if they were just one or two. But, unlike Reiji-kun’s, none of my attacks could reach her.<br/>
Despite slightly lacking in the power department, my swinging speed was around the same as Reiji-kun’s. So the main reason I couldn’t tear through her barrier must have been just that – my power was lacking.<br/>
「None of your attacks can reach me, Shirone!」<br/>
The Silver Witch swung her scythe again as she yelled, sending several magic blades towards me again.<br/>
The magic blades with auto-tracking function chased after me like my own shadow, so  I couldn’t just dodge them. Since I had no choice, I intercepted all of those magic blades while the Silver Witch controlled another magic blade to attack me. I flew past the magic blades to leave my previous position in a hurry.<br/>
I could somehow avoid her attacks for now, but dodging them became increasingly more difficult each moment.<br/>
「It seems you realized that you’re slowly being driven into a corner, Shirone. With this, Kuroki will be MINE and MINE alone. Your existence is just an eyesore. So, BEGONE!」<br/>
The Silver Witch yelled as she swung her scythe. [ED: Damn Yandere, you’re scary!]<br/>
「KUROKI ISN’T YOURS!」<br/>
I replied while stopping her slash with my sword.<br/>
You can’t treat a person as a thing. Most of all, manipulating a person will with a magic drug makes it even worse.<br/>
「Then, does that make Kuroki yours?!」<br/>
「He isn’t MINE!」<br/>
「Then just shut your mouth and disappear, you’re just an eyesore!」<br/>
I deflected her scythe with my sword and then took some distance from her. We were glaring at each other.<br/>
「Fuh」<br/>
I started laughing.<br/>
Part 5<br/>
「What are you laughing for?」<br/>
「I see now … In short, you can’t make Kuroki completely yours, is that it?」<br/>
When I said so, the Silver Witch’s cute face became sullen.<br/>
It seems my remark was on the bull’s eye.<br/>
I was convinced. Kuroki wasn’t completely under her control yet. There was still a chance to save him.<br/>
「Certainly, sometimes … Kuroki is leering at Regena’s butt.」<br/>
The Silver Witch replied with a vexed tone.<br/>
I was astonished to hear her say those words.<br/>
What the hell is that closet pervert doing in Nargol? It seems he needs to receive strict education in his conduct.<br/>
「BUT! MOST OF THE TIME, HE’S PEERING AT KUNA’S BREAST AND BUTT! THERE’S NO DOUBT ABOUT IT!」<br/>
Saying so, she charged at me and then swung her scythe again.<br/>
Though her attacks became faster than before, her movements were sloppy.<br/>
I could cope now with her attacks becoming sloppy.<br/>
I dodged her slash and then chanted to send a counter by uttering the name of my skill.<br/>
「THOUSAND SWALLOW WINGS BLADE!」<br/>
「Kuh!」<br/>
But, the Silver Witch’s barriers repelled my attacks.<br/>
The momentary delay in erecting her magical barrier allowed me to seal her movements.<br/>
NOW!<br/>
I forcibly fixed my stance and charged towards her. My body was screaming in pain, but I couldn’t let go of this chance.<br/>
I channeled my entire magic power into the sword on my shoulder.<br/>
I was about to unleash my finishing attack, “Thousand Swallow Wings Blade,” in succession. This was, in fact, quite a reckless action. However, I wouldn’t be able to beat the Silver Witch unless I forced myself to do this.<br/>
「HA!」<br/>
Along with my yell, I swung my sword from the overhead stance in a forward spin.<br/>
My sword was blocked by her magic shield, but without caring about that, I kept hacking on the shield.<br/>
「WHAT?!」<br/>
One of the magic shields was broken under my continuous onslaught and dispersed into a mist. The Silver Witch wasn’t reacting fast enough to erect another magic shield, only defending herself against my attack with the handle of her scythe. At this rate, we were going to crash against each other.<br/>
I gained the upper hand, literally, as I started attacking the Silver Witch from above.<br/>
「As expected you can’t erect your magic shield and form your blades at this distance!」<br/>
I declared so to the fallen Silver Witch.<br/>
It went according to my plan. This plan might have failed if she were capable of deploying double the number of her current magic shields.<br/>
Yosh, let’s call this skill “Heavenly Wings Decapitating Demon Sword.” I must say – it’s quite a wonderful name.<br/>
「Ugh…」<br/>
The Silver witch tried to repel my sword that was interlocked with her scythe with a vexed expression.<br/>
But I wouldn’t let her do that. I put more power into my sword.<br/>
「Ufufu, even if you lost to me in other areas, it seems that your brute strength is still above mine.」<br/>
Though I wanted to retort to her remarks just now, I was not in a position to do so.<br/>
I put more power into my swings.<br/>
「Now then, release Kuroki at once!」<br/>
「Gugugu … W-What are you … talking about?」<br/>
「Don’t play dumb in front of me! You’re the one who brainwashed Kuroki with your magic!」<br/>
There’s no way that kind and gentle Kuroki would serve under that atrocious demon king unless you brainwashed him. You’re going to die if you keep feigning your ignorance.<br/>
I had no power left after using my finishing move in succession. I was going to lose if she suddenly turned the tables on me.<br/>
Not just that, I was basically out of power to even press my sword an inch further towards my opponent.<br/>
Part 6<br/>
Just like that, we were glaring at each other from our positions.<br/>
「Eh!」<br/>
「Ah!」<br/>
After who knows how long, I suddenly felt an extremely powerful force from behind tearing me off from the Silver Witch and tossing me to the edge of the room. Looking at the one who threw me I saw the figure of the Dark Knight, standing there as he held the hand of the Silver Witch.<br/>
「Kuroki!」<br/>
When I saw the figure of the Dark Knight, I was petrified, unable to move my body.<br/>
The Silver Witch was screaming. It seems they were talking about something. When I saw them talking to each other so intimately, It felt like my limbs were being tied to the floor.<br/>
So when the Silver Witch backed down, Kuroki finally walked towards me. His sword was still in his sheath, he had no intention to fight at all.<br/>
「Shirone! Let’s talk outside!」<br/>
◆Dark Knight Kuroki<br/>
Somehow I managed to arrive and prevent the worst-case scenario from happening. After convincing Kuna to step back from this, for the time being, I looked at Shirone.<br/>
　Oh, cr*p … She seems really pissed off right now.<br/>
I made up my mind as I walked towards Shirone who was glaring daggers at me.<br/>
　Please stop with that glare, I’m getting cold feet over here. What should I do? What should I do now?<br/>
I unintentionally tore Shirone off from Kuna when I thought that she almost killed her. I never thought of what was going to happen after that.<br/>
「Now then, Shirone, it’s 2-on-1!」<br/>
Kuna shouted as she fixed her stance with her scythe.<br/>
At least don’t use edged — heck, what in the world was I thinking just now. <br/>
I couldn’t keep my composure anymore. Anyway, I couldn’t let these two start another battle here.<br/>
「Kuna, let me tend to Shirone. During that time, please withdraw from Algore along with this castle.」<br/>
「Mu\~ Why Kuroki? The two of us can certainly finish her off!」<br/>
I shook my head to deny her. No … Only I may accompany Shirone and no one else … Not in her current condition…<br/>
「It’s okay, I’m more powerful than her. That’s why, please wait for me in Nargol, Kuna.」<br/>
「No!」<br/>
I looked at Kuna with a surprised face.<br/>
She never said no to whatever I asked of her until now. [:O]<br/>
「Kuna…」<br/>
「There’s no way I can let Kuroki be together with that woman. That woman is dangerous … It feels like she will take Kuroki to somewhere far, far away.」<br/>
Kuna looked at Shirone with hostile eyes.<br/>
「… I won’t do that, Kuna. Even if I did that, I would take you along with me. I promise.」<br/>
I was really clear with the meaning of my words just now, but I had to say this.<br/>
Kuna looked at me. We gazed into each other’s eyes.<br/>
「I understand … I’ll wait for you in Nargol.」<br/>
Maybe because she understood the meaning behind my statement, Kuna lowered her scythe as she unwillingly gave in.<br/>
After confirming that, I went towards Shirone. Shirone kept her stance without moving at all.<br/>
「Shirone! Let’s talk outside!」<br/>
Hearing me, Shirone sheathed her sword back in its scabbard.<br/>
Part 7<br/>
「Before that, show me your face, Kuroki!」<br/>
I removed the Dark Knight’s helmet.<br/>
When she looked at my face, she basically glared at me.<br/>
「Good … I understand. Now you won’t be able to run away, Kuroki.」<br/>
After saying so, Shirone demolished the castle wall as she unfurled her wings and flew outside the castle.<br/>
I invoked my own flight magic and chased after her.<br/>
After we left the confectionary castle, it started to move. It seemed Kuna already gave her order to the Myulmidons.<br/>
You’re a good girl, Kuna.<br/>
I stood facing Shirone in the middle of the air.<br/>
「YOU IDIOOT!」<br/>
She suddenly threw a tantrum at me.<br/>
「BU BEH?!」<br/>
For some reason, I couldn’t dodge her fist which resulted in me receiving it from the front.<br/>
「W-What are you doing…」<br/>
I questioned as I pinned my nose…<br/>
「YOU IDIOT, IDIOT, IDIOT! KUROKI YOU IDIO\~T!」<br/>
But she didn’t stop throwing her tantrum.<br/>
「Shirone … Ah … Hey, STOP IT!」<br/>
I said so and stopped her hand from hitting me.<br/>
「Just how much do you think I was worried for you? 」<br/>
She looked at me with an angry expression on her face.<br/>
「Eh … You were worried about me?」<br/>
「That’s obvious! What in the world were you thinking about?!」<br/>
「I mean, I thought that I was the only one always anxious…」<br/>
Yes, the one who was always worrying about her was me. The opposite never happened before. Shirone was prone to plunging herself into unknown and dangerous situations thanks to her strong sense of justice. She usually fought against people way bigger than her.<br/>
I couldn’t help but feel anxious about the possibility that she might encounter a dangerous situation someday.<br/>
「Why, why were you worrying about me?!」<br/>
She asked, still in an angry voice.<br/>
「I mean … You’re always thoughtlessly poking your nose into dangerous situations … You might do so to save others, but it’s me who is always worried about your safety whenever you get involved in some kind of dangerous stunt…」<br/>
Shirone made a dumbfounded face upon hearing me saying those words.<br/>
「Eh? Really? You were worried about me?」<br/>
I nodded.<br/>
「I told you so many times before to stop doing such dangerous things … Alas…」<br/>
Nevertheless, she always ignored my words…<br/>
「Come to think of it, you did say that to me. Uhm, but it’s okay. Reiji-kun will save me even if I fall into a dangerous situation. You don’t need to worry about me.」<br/>
Placing her hands on her waist, Shirone replied as if it were the most natural thing in the world.<br/>
What the hell was this girl talking about?<br/>
Reiji is undoubtedly powerful. And for some reason, he’s always running to save a damsel in distress. Moreover, Shirone is a beauty, even in my opinion as her childhood friend. He might really save her if things became dangerous.<br/>
He might be able to do something in the matter of the Rox kingdom even without my intervention.<br/>
That’s why there was really no need for me to worry about Shirone.<br/>
But…<br/>
「If that was the case, then you can forget about worrying about my situation … You can feel at ease.」<br/>
In the first place, what in the world was she worried about? Modes is a nice guy. I also have a companion called Kuna. So there was no need for her to worry about me.<br/>
Part 8<br/>
「What the heck is that! Like hell I’m not worried about you when you’re standing on the Demon King’s side!」<br/>
Shirone shouted those words at me.<br/>
Yeah, that may be true under normal circumstances but … How should I explain this matter so that she could understand?<br/>
「Come with me to Reiji-kun’s side, Kuroki! You must not stay at Nargol!」<br/>
I shook my head, denying Shirone’s outstretched hand.<br/>
「I … can’t go with you. My place is in Nargol.」<br/>
I made a promise with Kuna that I’ll return to her side. I had to go back.<br/>
In the first place, there was no way Reiji would accept me. It only took a glance to realize that despite taking in women, Reiji never willingly accepted any man. Shirone wasn’t noticing that fact because she was a woman.<br/>
Moreover, I was also unwilling to go to their side, so I won’t.<br/>
「WHY?! IS IT BECAUSE OF THAT GIRL CALLED KUNA?!」<br/>
「… Yes」<br/>
As soon as I said that, Shirone started trembling furiously.<br/>
「ISeENoW! ! SO It REaLlY wAS As CHIyUKI-SaN PreDIcTEd! You’re A Closet PeRVErt sO TheRe’S No WaY You CaN ReFuSe ThE WiSh oF SuCh a CuTE GirL! WHy DiD YoU TaKe ThE SiDe of ThAt SiLvEr WitCH And tHe DeMOn KinG Who CAuSed sO MaNY PeOPle To SUFFEr?!」<br/>
Shirone screamed at me with such a scary tone. [TL: Yandere Mode]<br/>
「Modes isn’t a bad guy…」<br/>
Shirone was misunderstanding that fact. That was why I couldn’t let this misunderstanding persist.<br/>
「Like hell I’m going to believe that! ! As I thought, Kuroki became strange, STRANGE!」<br/>
But my attempt failed immediately.<br/>
Should I tell her again?<br/>
She basically wasn’t even listening to me. For some reason, it was as if she didn’t want to believe me from the very beginning.<br/>
Yup, it might be because of my lackadaisical virtues.<br/>
Someone told me before, that what she did to me might have been due to my lack of self-esteem. That was why there was this side of me who still thought that I was in the wrong.<br/>
The bad side must be fixed, but the problem was I couldn’t tell which one that was. That was why I always ended up getting the wrong end of the stick.<br/>
「Now draw your sword, Kuroki! I’ll tear open those eyes of yours!!」<br/>
Saying so, Shirone drew her sword.<br/>
Heaving a sigh, I thought to myself that it really developed into this kind of situation that I predicted in the end.<br/>
「My bad Shirone, but you can’t defeat me.」<br/>
Wearing my helmet, I drew my sword. Now then, there was nothing left to talk about.<br/>
「Here I come, Kuroki! Aerial battle is my forte! Prepare yourself for one or two broken bones! 」<br/>
Shirone raised higher and higher at a breakneck speed and then moved as if to surround my position.<br/>
I set up my sword to receive her attack.<br/>
Shirone came from behind as she swung her sword toward me. I turned around and parried her slashing attack.<br/>
Withdrawing at a high speed, she then came at me again. Once again, I dodged her attack by a paper-thin margin.<br/>
Thus, she kept repeating the series of hit and run attacks at high speed and I somehow dodged all of them.<br/>
It was really hard to deal with Shirone’s attacks suspended in midair where there were no obstacles. Yup, she did say that aerial battles were her forte. But this battle is mine … Maybe.<br/>
「Black hole!」<br/>
I used my magic to create two black holes.<br/>
「WAAAH!」<br/>
The trajectory of Shirone’s movements changed when she was caught by the gravitational pull of the black holes.<br/>
I guided her attacks to the place I wanted her to attack by narrowing her possible attack range with the black holes, making it easier for me to deal with her attacks.<br/>
She still charged at me regardlessly.<br/>
Part 9<br/>
Turning my body, I swung my sword towards her.<br/>
GAKIN! Such sounds resounded when my sword clashed against hers.<br/>
「KYAAAAAAAAAAA!」<br/>
Unable to bear the brunt of my attack, Shirone was blown back.<br/>
「Glorious!」<br/>
I then called for Glorious.<br/>
Thereupon, the giant dragon came out from the forest and then caught the falling Shirone.<br/>
After catching the falling Shirone, Glorious then lowered her to the ground.<br/>
I descended to their landing place.<br/>
「Are you okay? Shirone? 」<br/>
I carried Shirone down from Glorious’s back.<br/>
Due to the power of my swing, Shirone fell down towards the ground, headfirst.<br/>
「Why did you save me?」<br/>
「Because I have no reason to become your enemy.」<br/>
「Then, why are you choosing Nargol?」<br/>
「I have no intention to fight you guys as long as you are not invading Nargol.」<br/>
「So you will protect the Demon King?」<br/>
I nodded at her.<br/>
「Yes, if the hero comes to defeat the Demon King, then I will stand in his way as the Dark Knight.」<br/>
I replied while looking straight into her eyes.<br/>
「Why … Why…」<br/>
Shirone was almost crying now. But she wouldn’t listen to me unless I did this much.<br/>
「Now, go … I’ve got to go to meet Regena.」<br/>
She pulled my mantle as I was about to ride Glorious.<br/>
When I turned around to see her, Shirone was glaring at me with an angry face.<br/>
「WHY! YOU ALWAYS LISTENED TO ME BEFORE WHENEVER I CRIED IN FRONT OF YOU!」<br/>
「WA! STOP WITH THOSE CROCODILE TEARS OF YOURS!」<br/>
Which reminded me, Shirone always cried whenever I had something that she really wanted.<br/>
Being weak to her tears, I ended up doing what she wished even if I knew that she was crying crocodile tears. As a consequence, almost all of my snacks were taken by her. [ED: Unforgivable! >:( ]<br/>
「As expected, you won’t listen to me with just this much.」<br/>
「NO, DON’T GO BACK TO NARGOL! You should return to Reiji-kun and me!」<br/>
Shirone wouldn’t let go of my mantle.<br/>
「Listen to me, I can’t go to your place.」<br/>
I tried to yank the mantle that she pulled, but she grasped it so tightly and wouldn’t let go of it.<br/>
「Bu\~\~! Kuroki is stingy\~!」<br/>
She was sulking now.<br/>
We were involved in a tug of war to pull my mantle, and when we did so.<br/>
「GUO!」<br/>
I suddenly heard an overwhelmingly loud cry from the heavens.<br/>
Shirone and I both looked in the direction of Algore.<br/>
「What is that?」<br/>
Shirone asked with an exasperated voice.<br/>
What we saw was a pair of gigantic hands.<br/>
The gigantic hands, taller than the Algore fortress, were away from us by quite some distance, yet we could still see them so clearly from our place.<br/>
Those gigantic hands were about to attack Algore.<br/>
