[Ankoku Kishi Monogatari ~Yuusha wo Taosu Tameni Maou ni Shoukansaremashita~ c52](https://foxaholic.com/novel/ankoku-kishi-monogatari-yuusha-wo-taosu-tameni-maou-ni-shoukansaremashita/chapter-52/)
<br/><br/>
Chapter 52 : Library of Heaven<br/>
Part 1<br/>
◆<br/>
In the beginning, the world was in chaos.<br/>
Then the God of Genesis descended. HE came into this chaotic world from the spirit world, and created sea, earth, and sky from the primordial chaos. Next, HE created giants and dragons, the primordial races, and the spirits of the four elements. Earth, Water, Wind, and Fire.<br/>
And finally, HE created two pillars for his creations.<br/>
They are the God of Light, Orgis, the owner of Great Wings and Goddess of Darkness, Nargol, the owner of Great Horn. After the HE created the two pillars, The God of Genesis left for another world, entrusting the newly created world to the two. Since Nargol was the more powerful of the pair, she became the ruler of this particular world and Orgis became her second-in-command.<br/>
They ruled the world together. And, with time, they became a couple. From their union, Nargol gave birth to many gods and created many creatures for them. As a result, the world was filled to brims with a lot of creatures.<br/>
But, Orgis was dissatisfied. Because Nargol was more powerful than him, Orgis had always been dominated by her. Furthermore, she was also brutal, killing her own children that had displeased her.<br/>
For this reason, Orgis always feared Nargol. He was also displeased with the children who were born between them. In his opinion, anyone would be displeased with the fact that their children were born ugly, and that was exactly how most of the children between him and Nargol were born as.<br/>
And Orgis, thinking that the reason for their children’s ugly appearance was because of Nargol’s own ugly appearance, summoned another Goddess from the spirit world. And, his summon got answered by a beautiful Goddess named Mina.<br/>
So, behind Nargol’s back, Orgis began his sordid affairs with Mina. He began to make love with her and they gave birth to many other Gods.<br/>
Gods such as Oudith the Bright, Trident the Strong, Heibos the Skilled. Goddesses such as Melfina the Wise, Faeria the Noble, and Ishtia the Beauty, etc, etc. And, to Orgis’s delight, all of these new gods he fathered were beautiful. Unlike the ones he fathered with Nargol. Thus, in order to protect their childrens, Orgis made the angel race using part of his and Mina’s body.<br/>
But, Nargol eventually found out about Orgis’s adultery act. And her fury when she discovered that and Mina’s existence turned her into the God of Destruction. She rushed in and slaughtered Mina.<br/>
Orgis was grieved by Mina’s death. But, her death wasn’t the end. Nargol wasn’t satisfied with that. So she created the giants race that thrive on destruction and ordered them to kill Mina’s children. But Orgis had enough and decided to fight against Nargol. All for the sake of protecting his and Mina’s children.<br/>
In retaliation, Nargol ordered her children to help her slaughter Mina’s children. But, some of her children were reluctant to do that. So, eventually, her children were divided into two factions. Those who refused to follow her order and chose to be on the neutral side, and those who abide Nargol’s order to the letter.<br/>
Those who chose to follow their mother were known as 「Nargolian」. Amongst the Nagolians, the vanguards assembled to exterminate Mina’s children were Felion The Wicked Beast, Zarxis The Death God, and Diadona The Serpent Queen. And, against them, Mina’s children were helpless as they fell one by one.<br/>
Seeing the situation turning worse, Orgis requested the cooperation of the neutral party who chose not to obey their mother. He requested them to protect Mina’s children. At that, the Gods who formed the neutral party made their appearance in the struggle.<br/>
They were Casa, the owner of thousands wings and precognition; Volgas, one-eyes giant god who excelled at craftsmanship and smithing; and Sagittarius of four-footed who was a martial arts master. Casa taught magic to Mina’s children, while Sagittarius taught them martial arts. Finally, Volgas taught Heibos his craftsmanship and smithing arts. With Oudith as their leader, Mina’s children began to fight back against the Nargolians.<br/>
Nevertheless, even with them being able to fight back, there were only two out of many surviving children who could fight on par against the most powerful Nargolians. Oudith and Trident.<br/>
Part 2<br/>
At this rate, it’s only a matter of time before all Mina’s children got slaughtered. Orgis, who realized that, became their shield in the fight against Nargolian. Nargolians couldn’t defeat Orgis, their father. Thus, with his protection, Mina’s children were shielded.<br/>
Nargol finally snapped when she saw Orgis, her own husband, protecting Mina’s children. So, in rage, she murdered Orgis. By the time her sanity returned, the only thing she saw was her husband’s corpse. She was saddened when she saw that she ended up murdering her own husband. However, it didn’t last for long as she prepared to create a God to replace Orgis. She absorbed Orgis’s corpse into her own body, and gave birth to her last child. One who was more powerful than her.<br/>
And his name was Demon King Modes, her beloved, strongest, and last son.<br/>
Together with Nargolians and Modes, Nargol decided to destroy this world and created it anew. However, to begin that plan, every single one of Mina’s children had to die. Thus, Nargolians led by Modes began their slaughter.<br/>
Mina’s children were already in a precarious state. But then, Melfina, the Wise, made her move. Using her beauty, Melfina seduced Modes and tried to win him as their allies. Seduced, Modes had a change of heart and began to pursue the beautiful Goddess.<br/>
But when Nargol became aware of Melfina’s plan he slaughtered her in anger. Even so, on the verge of completely vanishing from this world, she still managed to give birth to twins. Exquisite Goddess Rena and Gorgeous God Alphos. [ED: God, just make the story title as: Love, Lust Bring Forth Destruction. And, is the author obsessed with beauty or what?]<br/>
When Modes realized that his mother had killed Melfina, he got enraged and revolted against her. He decided to cooperate with Oudith, fighting against Nargolians and Nargol, his very own mother. It was at the moment when Nargol, together with her children, was betrayed by her own Most Beloved Son, whose power exceeded her own, that her side was cornered.<br/>
Modes killed Death God Zarxis, sealed Wicked Beast Ferion, and pushed Serpent Queen Diadona to retreat due to fear. Meanwhile, the other Nargolians were either defeated, escaped, or surrendered to Modes. And finally, Nargol was defeated in the Northern Land by Modes and Oudith. The land where Nargol breathed her last was then called「Land of Nargol」.<br/>
The victorious side, Oudith and the others then hailed themselves as the rulers of this world. They built their palaces on the top of the highest mountains of this world and from then on were known as 「Gods of Elios」.<br/>
Oudith stood at the top of the Gods of Elios and proclaimed himself as the King of the Gods and taking Faeria as his wife. With this, the world knew peace at last.<br/>
But, another problem soon arose.<br/>
What were Nargol’s children, that comprised the neutral party, to do? Here, the opinions of the Gods and Goddesses of Elios were divided.<br/>
Modes and Volgas insisted that they had to join Elios. However, a multitude of Goddesses were opposed to it. Ishita and Rena were some of the most vocal about it. The reason?<br/>
It was because Ishtia was courted by the ugly Sea God, Draugon, and Rena herself was courted by the Violent Deity, Labrys. It was the same case with the other Goddesses. They were courted by the Gods who descended from Nargol, who was notoriously ugly. Hence their vehement opposition towards the neutral Gods.<br/>
Correspondingly, the Gods of Elios couldn’t get along with the neutral Gods. The ramification of these actions was the widening crack between the Gods who inherited Nargol’s blood and the Gods who inherited Mina’s blood.<br/>
Nevertheless, despite that, the world was still peaceful.<br/>
Until a certain day.<br/>
Faeria was displeased with the fact that the world was overflowing with the races that Nargol created. She felt that the world should be filled with races that Mina’s children created. However, there was one problem with that thought. None of them knew how to create a new race. Thus, Faeria went to Heibos to consult him on this matter.<br/>
Unfortunately, Heibos told her that he had no knowledge on how to create a new race. Faeria didn’t give up though as she asked Heibos to create a magic tool that could give birth to a new race.<br/>
Part 3<br/>
Troubled by her request, Heibos headed to Modes to ask for his cooperation, and since he was given the ability to create life by his mother, Modes decided to cooperate. However, due to Faeria’s hatred for Modes and all Gods who had Nargol’s blood in them, they chose to keep their cooperation secret.<br/>
And, after some efforts, their collaboration resulted in the creation of the Kettle of Life. Through this, Mina’s children should be able to create living beings. However, this alone wasn’t enough. They also needed other ingredients in order to create life, namely, body parts of the God involved and various exotic ingredients in large amounts. Not to be forgotten, a huge amount of mana needed to be sent into the kettle as well.<br/>
To test that the magic tool actually worked, Heibos decided to use Mina’s, his mother’s, corpse, as the God involved with the new creation and the numerous ingredients provided by Modes. So they used the kettle to make the beautiful demon race.<br/>
Heibos saw the creation of the demon race and was satisfied that it worked. He then gave the kettle to Faeria. Delighted, Faeria gathered her brethrens and Oudith and together, they created the various new races.<br/>
The elven race who could communicate with the spirits.<br/>
The Dwarf race who excelled in craftsmanship.<br/>
And then, the all-purpose human race.<br/>
Gods of Elios were incredibly delighted with the birth of the human race. Thus, they kept increasing the number of the newest race, the human race and sent them to the world, increasing their number exponentially.<br/>
But another problem occured. When the number of new races increased, the competition for living space and resources with the older races started to escalate.<br/>
Seeing that, Faeria was enraged and dispatched the God of War, Thors, who was born to her and Oudith, to attack those older races. But, her action sparked another conflict. This time between Elios and the former neutral Gods who were related to the races that were attacked.<br/>
Faeria, who was discontent with them since the beginning of Elios, relabeled the former neutral Gods, who fought back against her actions, to Evil Gods. And since the majority of the Gods descended from Mina, from Rena to Thors, had the same opinion with Faeria, the fight started again in earnest.<br/>
On the opposing side were the Gods who descended from Nargol, and they were led by Volgas and Modes. Disgruntled, Faeria worked together with Rena to exclude Volgas and Modes, the center of their opposition. Besides, the Goddesses had always hated Volgas and Modes from the very beginning because they were ugly. So, all Goddesses cooperate with Faeria and Rena to remove Volgas and Modes.<br/>
First, they banished Modes. The one who did that was Rena. After all, Modes couldn’t go against Melfina’s, the Goddess he loved, daughter. So, he left to the Northern Land, the Land of Nargol, alongside the demon race he created. [ED: THE HECK?! That’s your father. Oh god, what a bitch. Just because of his face?!]<br/>
After Modes, Volgas’s turn came. Faeria tried to exile Volgas in the same way Modes was banished, but she was powerless against Volgas’s just and fair nature. She couldn’t banish him. At that point, an incident occured. The God of War, Thors, being young, short-sighted, and impulsive, went and murdered Volgas.<br/>
His action left the Gods of Elios astonished. They had never thought that he’d go as far as murder just to get rid of Volgas who they admitedly thought of as a hindrance. However, that incident made the other Gods, who descended from Nargol, shudder, so they left Elios.<br/>
Heibos, who had always regarded Volgas as his master, secluded himself and never showed himself in Elios again. This action had a snowball effect. Starting with Trident, it moved some of Mina’s children, who felt a debt of gratitude toward Volgas, to leave one after another. And the repercussions of it left Elios weakened.<br/>
Oudith was also grieving because of Volgas’ death. To him, Volgas was the benefactor who had helped them in their fight against Nargol. As such, he definitely couldn’t forgive anyone who killed Volgas. However, it was Thors who did it. And Oudith wouldn’t punish Thors, his own child.<br/>
Oudith’s torn feelings caused Elios to be weakened even further due to the lack of punishment and law enforcement. As such, they didn’t have the time to think about the fight against the Evil Gods. Thus, the battle against the Evil Gods had never happened, keeping the world’s peace intact.<br/>
Part 4<br/>
◆Dark Knight, Kuroki<br/>
When I reached that point I stopped reading the emerald tablet.<br/>
There were various stories recorded in the emerald tablet, and one could learn anything just by touching the panel. Moreover, the letters and images shown in it were easy to understand. As there wasn’t any difference from the ones I learned in Nargol, I didn’t have any problem reading the texts recorded in the tablet.<br/>
「It’s the complete opposite from what was written in the human legends huh…」<br/>
I unintentionally muttered my thoughts.<br/>
To begin with, records depicting Modes as the former comrade of Oudith and the rest of the Gods of Elios didn’t exist in the human legends. Thus, there was one God of Elios missing in the human legends. That was the reason that no tales about his banishment could be found in the human legends.<br/>
In addition, there was a part in the human legends that claimed that when the Gods of Elios increased the number of humans in the world, Modes became jealous of the Gods of Elios for making such a wonderful race. Thus, He sent orcs and goblins to destroy the human race.<br/>
The legends told to the humans were the exact opposite to the history recorded in this emerald tablet. Then again, could have arisen because the land the humans inhabited now was exactly the land where the orcs and goblins used to live.<br/>
To be honest, I had always felt that the human legends sounded like they were tailored by the gods of Elios. Of course, it was also possible that the content of this tablet was not entirely accurate either, but…<br/>
That kettle of life which was mentioned later in the records might be the magic tool that created Kuna. Although its form was different by the time I used it, the principle code of its operation closely resembled the kettle of life. Maybe Modes brought it with him when the Gods of Elios exiled him to Nargol?<br/>
Then, I thought about the appearance of the Gods shown in the tablet, considering that it seemed to be important. Orgis and Nargol’s appearance weren’t recorded in the emerald tablet, so I had no idea of what they looked like. The same with Mina’s own appearance. But, based on her children’s appearances, which were close to that of humans, Mina’s own appearance seemed to be close to the human race.<br/>
On the other hand, Gods who descended from Nargol had an appearance that was the exact opposite to that of humans. Then again, it didn’t mean that all of Mina’s children were beautiful like the legend stated. For example Heibos, though I felt bad for him, I really couldn’t say that he’s a handsome man.<br/>
The same went for Nargol’s children. Not all of them were ugly. For example, Casa and Sagittarius had beautiful appearances according to the image recorded in the tablet. Moreover, their appearances were close to those of humans despite being Nargols’s children.<br/>
Casa’s upper-half was that of a beautiful woman with hair comprised of feathers, countless numbers of wings grew from her back and lower-half. Meanwhile, Sagittarius looked very similar to the centaurs from his world’s legend. Not only that, Nargol and Orgis also made several beautiful races as well, like the mermaid race and the siren race. Those two races were quite beautiful to behold.<br/>
Nevertheless, I was also curious why so many legendary beings from the legends in my world appeared in this world? However, I might never find out. The truth was a mystery for now.<br/>
While mused about that, I continued to read the content on the emerald tablet.<br/>
After that, the weakened Elios had to face severe predicaments. After all, they had only barely won against the heavenly giant race when they competed for the hegemony over the skies, despite the fact that the heavenly giant race was not a divine race.<br/>
Thus, when Labrys came to Elios, precisely aiming for the time when Oudith was away, the other Gods were not able to do anything to Labrys. They were too weak to do anything.<br/>
It was recorded that, after Labrys laid waste to Elios, he returned to the Minon plain, bringing with him Heibos and some dwarves, who were some of the last to try to escape. Though Oudith, who had just gotten back to Elios, fought Labrys in order to save Heibos, he failed.<br/>
After returning to his domain, Labrys turned Heibos and his dwarven aides into his slaves and forced them to make a gigantic labyrinth for him. He then demanded the Gods of Elios to give Rena to him to become his wife if they wanted to save Heibos. The Gods of Elios couldn’t do so though. They couldn’t hand Rena over to Labrys, so in the end, they decided to abandon Heibos to the mercy of fate.<br/>
This decision didn’t sit well with the dwarven follower of Heibos, thus they realign themselves to Nargol to ask for Demon King Modes’ aid. And, Modes heard and heeded the dwarves’ request. He headed to the battlefield alongside his demon race.<br/>
Part 5<br/>
Modes strength was extremely terrifying. His power crushed the huge labyrinth that Heibos created and forced Labrys and his minotaurs to evacuate deep within the labyrinth in fear of Modes’ power. However, Modes’ aim was to save Heibos, so he didn’t pursue the fleeing group and seeked Heibos instead. Unfortunately, while he managed to save Heibos, the same couldn’t be said to Heibos’ aides who were captured along with him. None of them survived.<br/>
This event allowed Modes and Heibos to become close to one another, becoming true friends in the most genuine sense.<br/>
And with Labrys and his minotaurs gone from the Minon plain to the underground, humans decided to take over the plain and reside there. After obtaining a rich plot of lands, the rate at which they increased their numbers was explosive, making them the most thriving race of this world.<br/>
At that point, I stopped reading the emerald tablet. I looked at the magic watch made with crystal and clicked my tongue. I didn’t realize that it was already this late at night, and that I should already be back in Nargol by now.<br/>
So, I went to the girl who was reading a book at a slightly separated place from mine. She was reading a normal book that wasn’t that much different from the books that could be found back in my world.<br/>
Admittedly, there were some books in some human countries that seemed to be made of long thin pieces of wood strung together just like the one that was used in ancient china, but most of the countries used papers to create their books.<br/>
And since there were paper-making tools that were made by the dwarven artisans, the price of the paper wasn’t expensive either. Of course, due to the abundant Phragmites Australis in this world, most of the paper here was made from it.<br/>
By the way, even though it seemed that most of the books in this world would never deteriorate since they were made with special magic fibres, it looked like the emerald tablet in my hand was still quite special in this world.<br/>
「Thank you very much, Totona-dono.」<br/>
The girl looked at me when I called her name. She was an extremely beautiful girl whose hair was braided on her back. And while her appearance could be said to be quite plain compared to Kuna or Rena, her beauty still almost rivaled theirs.<br/>
She was the Goddess of Books and Knowledge, Totona. The librarian of this library, the Elios Library of Heaven. And, she was also the daughter of Goddess Faeria and the King of Gods, Oudith. In short, she was the little sister of that god of war, Thors, that caused Elios’ weakening.<br/>
Rather, according to the tablet I read just a moment ago, he was the RING LEADER himself. Then again, the content of the tablet came from Totona’s knowledge of the events.<br/>
And, while I couldn’t find any inconsistency in the record I read a moment ago, it’s highly likely that the record was inaccurate in some aspects. Especially considering the fact that the events recorded in this emerald tablet happened prior to her birth so she didn’t see them herself. Totona herself warned me about it.<br/>
I mean, Death God Zarxis was still alive, so I’m sure that there’s at least one mistake in the information of this tablet.<br/>
「Is it already time, Dark Knight? 」<br/>
Goddess Totona asked with her usual blunt tone as she took back the tablet from me. At first, I thought that she simply hated me. However, now I knew that Goddess Totona was always an expressionless girl and it had nothing to do with me personally.<br/>
「Yes, thanks to this I managed to understand many things.」<br/>
I bowed to the Goddess Totona.<br/>
It was the day after I received my armor from God Heibos. When I was searching through the Loughas Library, I heard that Elios’ Library stored many more materials and data than his own. Thus, I asked him whether I could visit it or not. Loughas then wrote a letter of introduction for me and told me to hand it to Goddess Totona.<br/>
He told me that Goddess Totona, the librarian of this place, was his former disciple back when Modes was still in Elios. While Loughas followed Modes to Nargol when the latter was banished from Elios, Faeria, Totona’s mother, forbade her from leaving Elios. And, being unable to defy her mother, Totona decided to stay in Elios.<br/>
All I had to do when I met her was to show her my letter of introduction, and just like that, Goddess Totona let me read all the books of the Elios Library without reservation. Moreover, due to its location being close to God Heibos’ residence, I could visit it whenever I liked without being found out. This particular library was filled with all sorts of interesting books and wasn’t limited to paper-based books after all.<br/>
For example, this emerald tablet. From what I could see, each slate of this emerald could record more than a hundred thousands books. And, while I really wanted to borrow it, it seemed that even here, this type of tablet was a rarity. That’s why, if I wanted to read this tablet again, I would have to frequently visit this place. Besides, I was not done reading anyhow.<br/>
Part 6<br/>
「Which reminds me, Dark Knight. What happened to the Silver Haired girl from before? 」<br/>
It seemed Goddess Totona remembered Kuna from when she came along with me to this place before.<br/>
「Kuna… has a little bit muscle ache.」<br/>
Right now, she’s still sleeping off the effects of our rigorous ‘exercise’. Then again, the fault lied on Kuna herself, who brewed the ‘tea’ that caused the Ferocious Dragon sleeping inside me to awaken. Due to that ‘tea’’s effect, I ended up ‘assaulting’ Kuna and the other women around me at that time.<br/>
And, due to that effect, I couldn’t restrain myself. By the time I managed to restrain myself, Kuna’s body was already tattered. So, that’s why she was sleeping right now.<br/>
And I think my body was still suffering with a problem. It seemed, to me, my body was still being influenced by that drug since the Ferocious Dragon in me was still awake. Fortunately, I somehow managed to suppress it with my rationality. Unfortunately, even the smallest trigger would let the Ferocious Dragon in me spring back without restraint.<br/>
Honestly speaking, it was almost out of control again since Goddess Totona smelt so nice.<br/>
「Muscle ache? What happened to her? 」<br/>
Goddess Totona asked, curious.<br/>
「No…. It’s okay, It isn’t…. That big deal.」<br/>
I replied, averting my gaze. Truthfully, it was an extremely BIG DEAL, but there’s no way I could tell anyone about it. Nevertheless, I never expected Goddess Totona to be worried about Kuna. I mean, Kuna was rude to her during our previous visit.<br/>
It seems Kuna simply couldn’t stand Goddess Totona. Then again, she acted the same way toward Regena too.<br/>
「I see…. Very well then. Come to think of it, there’s something that I need to tell you.」<br/>
Goddess Totona glared at me.<br/>
「And what could it be? 」<br/>
「Rena came to this place after you left before.」<br/>
「Rena? 」<br/>
Goddess Totona nodded.<br/>
「Rena gave me a warning not to approach you carelessly. She most probably has a spy in Nargol. After all, she knows that you visit this place.」<br/>
I was left in a shocked state when I heard her words. While I did consider the possibility of a spy in Nargol, I didn’t know who they were working for. The only definitive fact was that I noticed there were spies around. The rest remained mysteries. Besides, in the first place, Modes and the others were not really trying to protect their information. And, because of that, there was a huge leak of inside information to the opposing parties. And, since I didn’t explicitly hide this, the fact that I visited this place could be known by anyone in Nargol.<br/>
「My deepest apology, Goddess Totona.」<br/>
I bowed to her.<br/>
「What’s the matter, Dark Knight? Why did you suddenly apologize like that?」<br/>
「The one who will be troubled the most by me visiting this place should be you right, Totona-dono? It might be for better if I stop visiting this place.」<br/>
I didn’t want to bring more trouble to Goddess Totona. I mean, besides the fact that Modes only had few allies in Elios, he was in the middle of a dispute with the Gods of Elios, and Goddess Totona was part of Elios. Her standing might be affected if it’s known that I, Modes’ subordinate, his Dark Knight, was known to visit her library frequently. It wouldn’t be a good thing at all, so I had to avoid that situation no matter what.<br/>
「Are you kidding me! ! You’re not a bother at all! ! 」<br/>
Goddess Totona suddenly raised her voice.<br/>
「Eh….. Pardon? 」<br/>
I was startled when she suddenly raised her voice like that. And I couldn’t be blamed for being startled. After all, it was surprising to hear someone like Goddess Totona, who was always calm, raising her voice.<br/>
「I don’t give a damn about Rena. Same goes for my mother. Nor do I give a damn about the gods of Elios. That’s why, please…. You must come again」<br/>
I couldn’t hear the last part of her sentence. But, since Goddess Totona’s face was already as red as a ripe tomato, I decided not to ask.<br/>
I really didn’t understand why she suddenly raised her voice. Nevertheless, I still wanted to visit this place again.<br/>
Part 7<br/>
「Yes. I’ll come again for a visit whenever I’ve the time.」[ED: I THOUGHT YOU COULDN’T HEAR HER WORDS?! WHY ARE YOU SUDDENLY SAYING THIS LIKE YOU HEARD IT?!]<br/>
I smiled as I told her that.<br/>
「I see, thank goodness…」<br/>
She said as a smile bloomed on her lips. This was the first time I ever saw her make such an expression and I couldn’t help myself when I thought that she is super cute.<br/>
「See you later then, Totona-dono. I have to go back since it’s already this late.」<br/>
「Wait a minute, Dark Knight.」<br/>
When I was about to turn around, Goddess Totona stopped me.<br/>
「What’s the matter？ 」<br/>
I looked over my shoulder to Goddess Totona.<br/>
「It’s not “Totona-dono”, just “Totona”. And, I also wanted your permission to call you with your real name.」<br/>
Totona said with an expressionless face, but somehow I felt that she was anxious about this matter. So, I smiled to relieve her.<br/>
「Of course. Please take care of me, Totona.」<br/>
◆Dark Knight, Kuroki<br/>
When I returned to Nargol, I was greeted by the women from the demon race. According to the record I read just a while ago, the demon race was a race that was created by Modes using the Kettle of Life with the help of fragments of Goddess Mina’s body, that was provided by Heibos which might explain their beautiful appearances.<br/>
And, according to the story, after he was exiled to Nargol alongside his demon race, Modes decided to create the low ranked demons to help the demon race. In other words, these women were in fact the higher ranked demons of their race.<br/>
「Welcome back, Your excellency.」<br/>
Their representative greeted me, bowing in unison with the other welcoming women.<br/>
「I’m back, Guno-dono」<br/>
I bowed in return. The one who spoke to me was Guno, the leader of the Demon Race Female Knights, who served under me.<br/>
「Please lift your head, your excellency! ! We are just mere servants who devoted our bodies and souls to you, your excellency! ! That’s why please treat us like you would a servant! ! ! 」<br/>
Guno said with a serious look on her face. She was not the only one as the other women made the same expression as her. Even so, I could only feel a pang of regret when I saw those expressions on their faces.<br/>
The reason was because they just happened to be in THAT place when Kuna served me that ‘tea’. And, although they didn’t bear the brunt of it unlike Kuna, I still remembered that they were still quite tattered themselves at the end. And, while they swore a pledge of absolute obedience towards me after that event, it only made my stomach hurt whenever I recalled it.<br/>
「I…. I see. Thank you very much for your loyalty.」<br/>
Thus why, even as I said those words, I felt that my stomach was hurting even more. However, the women before me only made an entranced face when I said those words.<br/>
「Hahaha…..」<br/>
I went into the mansion, letting out dry laughter as I did so. Then, I went to Kuna’s bedroom. She leaped onto my chest as soon as she saw me.<br/>
「Welcome back, Kuroki. I was so lonely.」<br/>
Kuna said with wet eyes, and that expression made my heart beat even faster than usual.<br/>
Whoah. That’s a dangerous face there. She almost awoke the dangerous Violent Dragon.<br/>
Part 8<br/>
「Sorry, Kuna. How’s your body? 」<br/>
Kuna nodded when I asked.<br/>
「It’s okay. I’ll be fine next time it happens.」<br/>
Seriously, there’s still a next time. I unintentionally retorted in my mind.<br/>
「Right. Even so, you still need some rest, okay.」<br/>
I said as I carried Kuna to the canopy bed in a princess carry. I then tried to lay by her side.<br/>
「Your excellency. May I interrupt you for a moment? 」<br/>
However, before I could do so, someone knocked on the door; just after I put Kuna down on the bed.<br/>
「What’s the matter, Guno-dono? 」<br/>
「His Majesty sent a message to you. He said that there’s a matter that he has to tell you about. Thus he asked you to come to the Demon King Castle.」<br/>
Modes has business with me? Just what in the world?<br/>
「Understood. I’ll be preparing myself.」<br/>
I got up and readied myself to go to the Demon King Castle.<br/>
