[Ankoku Kishi Monogatari ~Yuusha wo Taosu Tameni Maou ni Shoukansaremashita~ c55](https://foxaholic.com/novel/ankoku-kishi-monogatari-yuusha-wo-taosu-tameni-maou-ni-shoukansaremashita/chapter-55/)
<br/><br/>
Chapter 55 : Labyrinth City, Labyrinthos<br/>
Part 1<br/>
◆Black Haired Sage, Chiyuki<br/>
「How’s the situation, Nao-san?」<br/>
「Doesn’t seem to be good, Chiyuki-san. This place is sealed. We can’t find any exit at all. Right, Ruby?」<br/>
Nao replied as she caressed the head of a rat. It was her pet and she called him Ruby. The rat was probably named after its fiery red hair which resembled a ruby. For some reason, it seemed like Ruby had given up. He hated at first but has become docile lately.<br/>
「I see… There’s none in this area too, huh?」<br/>
It’s been five days since we came to this place. Right now, Nao and I are looking for a path to descend to the lower floor. We can’t use teleportation, since this floor seems to be surrounded by a barrier. That’s why we’re looking for a possible hidden path. Although… we’ve only ended up with failure so far.<br/>
We tried escaping by digging a tunnel with the help of Rio’s earth spirit, but we couldn’t even make a small crack in the ground since the labyrinth’s built from special materials. Only weak spirits reside in this part of the labyrinth, so it seems impossible to be able to break through the floor. In fact, the barrier even prevented Nao from using her perception to its full ability.<br/>
We thought if we combined Reiji and my magic, then it would be strong enough to break the floor. But the labyrinth’s too sturdy. Even if we did manage to demolish the labyrinth, the other people here would be buried under the rubble. Thus, we were stuck.<br/>
I was too careless when we entered that transfer magic circle…<br/>
Well, we might have ended up with nothing unless we entered it. Regretting it now won’t change anything. We should focus on finding our way out of this situation.<br/>
「What should we do, Chiyuki-san?」<br/>
「Can’t be helped. Let’s go back to Uz.」<br/>
We decided to go back to Uz. I activated my flight magic while Nao sprouted a pair of wings from her back. Unlike Shirone’s snow white wings, Nao’s are pale blue and her flying speed is slower than hers as well. Nao thinks it’s unfair that only Shirone gets to have angel-like wings, but I think Nao’s wings are beautiful too.<br/>
After a while, we could see the city of Uz. Because there were no demons on the 5th floor, no rampart built around the city. We descended right in the plaza in the middle of Uz. The people in the plaza started running away as soon as they saw us. Every citizen was scared of us.<br/>
They retreated to a distance and stared at us. None of them attempted to speak to us, all because we killed the minotaurs ruling this city. The citizens feared retaliation from the minotaurs living on the lower floors.<br/>
Part 2<br/>
The lifestyle of the humans on this floor was no different than that of a human living outside the labyrinth.<br/>
Uz is a city located on the 5th floor of Labyrinthos. The minotaurs live in their own city right below the 5th floor. After we came here, we learnt that the minotaurs lived in Labyrinthos and the city of Uz was built by the minotaurs and is the sole living place for humans.<br/>
There a total of forty thousand people living in Uz and each person is the descendant of a person kidnapped from the surface by the minotaurs. In short, they’re slaves to the minotaurs… or rather, they’re livestock.<br/>
The humans are forced to offer sacrifices to the minotaurs. Some of them tried resisting against their tyranny but weren’t capable of fighting. In the end, the ones who resisted only ended up as sacrifices. This way, they learnt that as long they didn’t go against the minotaurs, they’d be able to live somewhat peacefully.<br/>
Their stone houses are fully equipped with flowing water and could rival the high-end residential buildings in Ariadya. The giant crystals that hang from their ceiling simulated night and day like conditions in accordance to the time flow outside the labyrinth. The whole place is abundant with fresh water and plantations. They even use magic to gather the dragon vein in the Minon plains in order to enrich the soil of the plains.<br/>
It seems like the humans living on the 5th floor are reared with great care. As long as they agree to turning a blind eye towards some sacrifices every year, they’ll be able to live luxuriously. Looks like their living standards are better than those living on the surface. Compared to the goblins enslaved by humans, they’re spending an amazing life. On top of that, they don’t even have to worry about any demons attacking them because of the minotaurs. They’re safer than the humans living outside of the labyrinth.<br/>
I shook my head as I made the comparisons. No matter how enriched and safe their lives are, they’re nothing more than livestocks. Naturally, this kind of a life was unacceptable. Moreover, we needed to find an escape route. We’d promised to bring back the citizens of Pahipea who were kidnapped and brought to this city, after all.<br/>
Although, not all of them made it to the city. Some were killed along the way and a few were taken to the 6th floor. The queen of Pashipea, Euria’s mother, isn’t in Uz either. If she’s still alive, then she’s probably on the 6th floor. Currently, there are 3000 citizens of Pashipea trapped in Uz. This is less than the number reported to us. We have no clue as to why there’s a huge decrease in their numbers.<br/>
So far, every single Pashipea citizen who we’ve met has had a gloomy look on their game. Well, considering the situation they’re in, it’s only natural. The humans who up until now were enslaving goblins on the surface are now mere livestock in Uz. What an irony…<br/>
Nao and I headed towards the temple in the center of the city. On the gate of the temple, we found a crest with two axes criss-crossed. It’s the holy crest of evil god Labrys and also the weapon of choice of the minotaurs. But it seems that no one but the ruling class can use the double-headed axe.<br/>
「Chiyuki-sama.」<br/>
Someone called out to me as soon as I entered the temple. I turned around to find a cute girl who didn’t seem to be older than 10.<br/>
「What’s the matter?」<br/>
I asked with the kindest voice possible.<br/>
「I-I brought vegetable and bread for you.」<br/>
The girl held out the basket in her hands.<br/>
「I see, thank you.」<br/>
Part 3<br/>
As soon as I received the basket, the girl turned around and bolted. Just like the girl who gave us this basket, the citizens are extremely afraid to approach us. I heard that, a month ago, the girl’s older sister was to be sacrificed to the minotaurs, but we came and saved the day.<br/>
I remember when she and her sister came to thank us. Ever since then, she brings food for us. Although some of them did help us, most thought that since they needed help, we’d naturally save them. Even though they never wanted to save those enslaved goblins, they’re impatient now that they’re the slaves.<br/>
I entered the temple with Nao. On the top of the temple was a ten meter tall statue. It was a monster with the head of a cow, body of a human and six arms. It was evil god Labrys. We saw someone standing in front of the statue. It was a two meter tall minotaur.<br/>
「Well, if it isn’t Chiyuki-sama and Nao-sama. Welcome back, moo\~」<br/>
The minotaur bowed when he saw us coming.<br/>
「Yeah, we’re back, Zuun. Where’s Reiji-kun and others?」<br/>
Zuun was one of the minotaurs who ruled over Uz. But he used to be persecuted by his fellow minotaurs. The minotaurs have a hierarchy based on strength. Thus Zuun, the weakest minotaur in the labyrinth, is the bottom feeder.<br/>
As soon as we’d arrived at the city, we fought with the minotaurs ruling the city and defeated them. At that time, Zuun grovelled before us and begged us to spare his life. And that’s why he’s alive right now.<br/>
Rino used her charm magic and extracted information out of him. According to Zuun, the door that leads to the 5th floor is a one-way door that can only be opened from outside. We also found out about their hierarchy. Amongst the minotaurs, the weak must obey the strong. It seems they have a cannibalistic nature since depending on the situation, the strong might even devour the weak ones.<br/>
Even back on earth, the minotaur from the myth preyed on humans despite being born from the womb of a human. It seems that both the earth’s and this world’s minotaurs have a cannibalistic nature.<br/>
Zuun was going to be eaten if he didn’t raise the humans properly. The other minotaurs treated him so cruelly that his life was even worse than the humans in Uz. He was like the employee who managed a black, evil company. The living standard was below that of a human in Uz. Zuun didn’t have any value as a hostage either, so he was abandoned by the others.<br/>
「My apologies, Chiyuki-sama. I haven’t met them today, so I don’t know their whereabouts. Maybe they’re still sleeping, moo\~」<br/>
Zuun apologized to us with the usual ‘moo’. Considering his cow head, it seems rather eerie.<br/>
Ah, what should we do now? I guess I’ll think about it during lunch.<br/>
◆Black Haired Sage, Chiyuki<br/>
Save for Zuun, everyone was gathered in the dining room for lunch. We had lightly toasted bread, cheese and vegetables.<br/>
Part 4<br/>
Lightly toasted bread seems to be the staple food in this world. It’s made with cereal flour and water, without any yeast! It’s not like this world doesn’t have yeast. In fact, the bread found in Japan is sold in Holy Republic Lenaria. It’s just that the bread here is toasted for preservation.<br/>
Usually, they stuff meat and vegetables between the burger and then eat it. To think I could enjoy a burger-like food in this world too. I put cheese and vegetables in mine. The cheese here is made with the milk from the goat raised on the 5th floor.<br/>
Since they have a giant rock salt deposit on the 5th floor, there’s no need to worry about the salt either. But I don’t know where they get their fresh water from.<br/>
「It’s useless… I can’t find the secret passage leads to the outside world.」<br/>
I told everyone about our investigation’s results during lunch.<br/>
「Is that so? Well, I guess we’re quite unlucky, Chiyuki. What shall we do now, Reiji-sama\~」<br/>
Euria hugged him as she called out to him with a coquettish voice.<br/>
Rino and Nao’s face darkened. Even Sahoko didn’t seem happy about the situation.<br/>
「Euria-san, can you stop acting so clingy while we’re having a serious discussion? 」<br/>
I glared at Euria, but she didn’t budge an inch.<br/>
She tightened her embrace around Reiji. Euria was caught by the minotaurs two days ago when she was chasing Reiji through the labyrinth and was brought to this place. For some reason, she’s living in this temple and seems like she’s immensely enjoying this situation too. She doesn’t seem the least bit bothered about her missing mother.<br/>
On top of that, the maid with her seemed out of place as well. Just like Euria, she doesn’t seem to be bothered about this situation. The two of them are living here as if they were born here. But, we’re grateful for their hospitality since they’re taking care of our meals, baths, housing etc. However, don’t they feel anxious about the current situation?<br/>
「Well, it’s fine, Chiyuki. Let’s just take our time.」<br/>
Reiji spoke as he bit into the apple-like fruit.<br/>
「Wait a minute, Reiji-kun! Just how long are you planning to stay here?! 」<br/>
I shouted in rage, but despite my outburst, Reiji continued to smile gently.<br/>
「It’s okay, Chiyuki. The minotaurs won’t just sit back and watch the situation. They’ll definitely do something about it, so let’s just wait until then. Moreover, Shirone and Kaya are still out there. They’ll do something about our situation.」<br/>
Like always, he’s not bothered about our situation. I heaved a sigh. Why is he acting like a big shot? To be honest, I’m disturbed by this whole situation. I’m sure every sane person would feel the same way as well. But it seems like I’m the only who even cares about it. It’s not just Euria and company, even Rino, Nao and Sahoko seem unperturbed.<br/>
Looking at this way, it seems I’m the only one fussing over it. Everyone else trusts Reiji, or maybe they think it’s fine to stay imprisoned as long as they can stay by Reiji’s side. I’m sure Sahoko feels this way.<br/>
Even though I’ve only known her for a short time, I’m sure Euria’s the same as Sahoko. Even in such a situation, she can manage to act carefree.<br/>
As for me, I don’t have that much faith in Reiji. Even if the other girls don’t care, I do. It’s been 5 days since we’ve been trapped in this labyrinth. Just what will become of us?<br/>
Part 5<br/>
I rested my head on the dining table.<br/>
「Chiyuki.」<br/>
A voice whispered in my ears. I turned around to see Reiji standing beside me.<br/>
「It’ll be fine, Chiyuki. Trust me. Believe in Shirone and the others.」<br/>
Reiji shortened the distance between us. My heart raced as his beautiful face came close to me. How could this be? The only thing good about this man is his face. But were it not for his philandering, I would’ve fallen in love with him.<br/>
Reiji’s eyes were unusually serious. As his face got closer, I repeatedly told myself about how his face was the only good thing about him.<br/>
Ah! I can’t let this continue any longer!! My mind began to reason with itself.<br/>
「I’m fine, Reiji-kun! Something good just happened, after all!! 」<br/>
I gently pushed him away. Phew… He almost had me there. Begone, you evil male!<br/>
Even though I’m not anxious, my heart’s still beating loudly. But when I looked at Reiji, he was still grinning. This guy really is…<br/>
「Well, now that Chiyuki’s become cheerful again, shall we go to a picnic tomorrow? It seems that it doesn’t rain here, and it’d help the others feel better too.」<br/>
「 I agreeee\~」<br/>
Rino happily said yes to Reiji’s suggestion.<br/>
The 5th floor’s extremely wide. It even has a hill and a lake with flowers growing all around it. The light produced by the crystal is just enough to enjoy a warm picnic too.<br/>
「I’ll prepare a lunchbox then. Help me with it, Nao-chan.」<br/>
「Roger, Sahoko- san\~」<br/>
Sahoko and Nao enthusiastically went along with the plan, but I could see them look at me from the corner of my eye. Looks like Reiji isn’t the only one worried about my condition. Well, it’s not like feeling down will do us any good either… So I decided to cheer up.<br/>
「Let me to help you too, Sahoko-san.」<br/>
「Thank you very much, Chiyuki-san.」<br/>
Sahoko smiled at me sweetly. It was that famous saint smile of hers. It’s capable of healing the heart of anyone who sees it, including me.<br/>
Ah, I really shouldn’t stay in a slump like this. Just because there’s nothing we can do for now, I shouldn’t give up. I need to be strong.<br/>
「Hehe, it’s been a while since I’ve had food cooked by Chiyuki. I can’t wait to taste it again!」<br/>
Reiji was trying to make fun of my cooking.<br/>
「Don’t get your hopes up. It’s far from Sahoko’s level, after all.」<br/>
I glared at him.<br/>
「Sahoko’s cooking is something that I never get enough of!」<br/>
To mock my cooking like this… Hmph, guess I’ll make his portion super bitter!<br/>
「Reiji-sama\~ Can I go with you too?」<br/>
「Of course, Euria. You can come along as well.」<br/>
「Thank you very much, Reiji-sama!!」<br/>
Eura jumped to hug Reiji again. All the other girls, including me, grimaced as we watched her act so frivolously.<br/>
Well, unless something grave happens, it looks like we’ll be going for a picnic tomorrow. I feel bad for Shirone and the others who were left behind, but this is better than being depressed.<br/>
And so, we continued having lunch.<br/>
Part 6<br/>
◆Death God, Zarxis<br/>
「What’s the meaning of this, Labrys?! Why the hell are you not giving me the hero and his comrades?! 」<br/>
I yelled at Labrys who was sitting on his throne on the 13th floor of the labyrinth.<br/>
「What are you talking about, Zarxis? When did I promise that I’d give the hero to you? The one who captured him is my daughter, Euria. So it’s up to her what to do with him.」<br/>
Labrys simply laughed at me.<br/>
「GUGUGU!」<br/>
I couldn’t do anything but grumble over this matter. His daughter’s the one who trapped the hero of light in the labyrinth. The bastard’s daughter is even monitoring their movements. We’re prepared to react immediately when and if she reports any anomaly in the hero’s party. Indeed her achievement is great.<br/>
But the barrier Labrys used to seal the 5th floor was originally mine! It’s my barrier that’s keeping them in there! Moreover, I’m the one who helped him rebuild his underground palace and yet, this ungrateful bastard is…<br/>
However, opposing Labrys in this place isn’t a good idea.<br/>
「Then… Give me the hero’s women.」<br/>
「 No. Although they’re nothing in front of Rena, these women are beautiful. I refuse to hand them over to you.」<br/>
He refused my request again. Ah, he’s laughing at me!<br/>
「But Labyrs, what are you going to do is Rena doesn’t come? Even though you claim that you’ll let your daughter choose the hero’s fate, do you really have no intention to kill him?」<br/>
That’s the one thing I’m worried about. Although Labrys came up with this plot to lure Rena out of Elios by using the hero as a bait, I don’t think he took Rena’s suitors in Elios into his calculation. Could it be that he hadn’t even considered a case in which Rena doesn’t make it in time?<br/>
「Of course, then I’m going to behead that shitty hero and send his head to Elios. I’ll make her understand what it means to refuse the invitation of this great Labrys.」<br/>
Ah, what a typical answer for him.<br/>
「And what about your daughter?」<br/>
The girl called Euria or whatever her name is should be his most favoured daughter, or favourite pet, to be exact, just like the half-naked Queen of Pashipea lying by his side. Labrys is the shadow ruler of several human kingdoms in the Minon plain, Pashipea kingdom being one of them. I heard that the Queen of Pashipea was presented to him by her own father when she was just a princess.<br/>
「Why would I need to worry about Euria? This was all to lure Rena into coming here. If she turns out to be useless, I can just replace her with another woman.」<br/>
The queen’s body twitched as soon as she heard Labrys’ words. It seems she’s aware that she’ll be killed once Labrys gets his hands on Rena. Nevertheless, Labrys’ daughters doesn’t look like she knows that. Her egotistical nature is similar to her father. Although the daughter seems to love her father a lot, I can’t feel any semblance of love or affection for her from the father. In a way, she’s just like those minotaurs.<br/>
Part 7<br/>
Minotaurs were born from Labrys and a human female. In a way, one could say that the minotaurs are his descendants. But in reality, they’re nothing more than slaves in his eyes and if they dare to disobey him, he wouldn’t hesitate to kill them. That’s just the kind of person he is. Nothing I say will change his decision.<br/>
「It seems like you have something to say, Zarxis?」<br/>
「No…Do as you wish.」<br/>
I couldn’t say anything else. Sigh… I guess I have to look for another method to restore my vitality.<br/>
「Zarxis, I heard it from Euria, you know. That hero’s women are beautiful. I want to capture them as well.」<br/>
Labyrs said with a disgusting smile plastered on his face.<br/>
Good grief, what a greedy bastard…<br/>
「No problem, just leave it to Atlankua.」<br/>
「Ah, that  spiderwoman, huh? I guess there’s no problem if I leave this matter to that ugly woman.」<br/>
Right now, Atlankua’s spying on Rena’s temple in Republic Ariadya. As soon as she suspects anything, she’ll contact us. There was nothing left for me to do, so I turned around, pondering over my next move.<br/>
「Where are you going, Zarxis?」<br/>
「I have some minor business around this region. I’ll be away for a while.」<br/>
「Oh, what kind of business?」<br/>
「I’m going to meet Diadone, her familiar told me she’s going to arrive in a while..」<br/>
「Oho? And what kind of business caused the Queen of Snake to come to this region?」<br/>
The queen of snakes, Diadona is also a Nargolian like Zarxis. She was hiding from Modes on an isolated island in the southern sea before this.<br/>
「Are you worried, Labrys?」<br/>
「 Of course. That snake woman has always hid her whereabouts and lived in seclusion, and now she wants to come back? Tell me Zarxis, why is she visiting this region?」<br/>
「I don’t know, I guess she’ll tell me once I meet her.」<br/>
「I see…」<br/>
Labrys lost all interest once I told him that. His attention went back to the live image of the situation on the 5th floor. The image showed the profile of the hero and his comrades, but I didn’t care enough to watch further. As I left the palace, I thought about my own plan.<br/>
◆Dark Knight, Kuroki<br/>
「Welcoome, Kuroki! Thank you for coming! 」<br/>
As soon as I arrived in Republic Ariadya using the teleport gate, Shirone embraced me. Rena’s apostle valkyrie had told her about the situation, so Rena wanted to come along as well. Rena linked her arms with mine and I couldn’t get away from her, so I was dragged to Ariadya. Well, it was more like I didn’t have any reason to push her away. After all, her soft chest was pressing against my arm.<br/>
Unable to get away from her vice grip, I notified Regena that we’d be visiting Ariadya. I asked her to get in touch with Shirone, so when we arrived, Shirone was already waiting for us.<br/>
Although Shirone’s breasts can’t be compared to Rena’s, they’re still quite huge. I couldn’t help but think about it as she stuffed my face in her chest. I wasn’t wearing my helmet, so I could clearly feel its softness. They used to be so flat during our childhood, but before I knew it, they grew so big.<br/>
Ah, I’m so moved by my childhood friend’s growth.<br/>
Part 8<br/>
But I couldn’t enjoy it for long since Rena forcefully pulled us apart.<br/>
「Wait a minute, Goddess Rena! What are you doing here?!」<br/>
Despite Shirone’s protest, Rena remained calm.<br/>
「Shirone,I don’t think this is the right time to be flirting around. Don’t you think we should be focusing on saving Reiji and the others right now?」<br/>
Despite her serene voice, I could tell how angry she was<br/>
It must because she’s worried about Reiji…<br/>
However, Shirone failed to notice Rena’s anger.<br/>
「 You’re right… Even though Reiji-kun is in danger right now… I’m sorry, I was just so happy to be able to meet Kuroki.」<br/>
But she still apologized.<br/>
「But, thanks a lot, Kuroki. I’m really glad that you came to help us.」<br/>
I sighed as I looked at Shirone’s smile. So it’s like this now… I never said that I came to help them and yet Shirone assumed that I came to help them save Reiji.<br/>
「Goddess Rena. May I have some of your time?」<br/>
The woman who spoke is Kaya. Right now, six people are gathered in the room; Kaya, Kyouka, Shirone, Regena, Rena and me.<br/>
「What’s the matter, Kaya?」<br/>
「Why did you come here with Kuroki-sama? I thought you were reluctant to save Reiji-sama. I was extremely confused when I heard from Regena that you two would be coming here through the transfer gate.」<br/>
Kaya looked Rena suspiciously.<br/>
「You misunderstand me, Kaya. I’m worried about Reiji too. It’s impossible for me to save Reiji alone, that’s why I brought the Dark Knight along. Let me tell you, the fact that I asked the Dark Knight of Nargol for help is a secret. Understood?」<br/>
Shirone and the others simply nodded.<br/>
Well, their reaction is a given, since I’m technically Elios’ enemy and shouldn’t be with them. Just like Totona and Heibos, it’ll be bad if the outsiders get to know about my contact with Rena. That’s why we need to keep this a secret. In fact, it looks like Rena even hid it from her valkyries.<br/>
Seems like the only ones who know my presence here are the people in this room.<br/>
「I see… Although I have lots of questions, for now, let me welcome Kuroki-sama who came all the way to this place from Nargol.」<br/>
Although Kaya didn’t seem convinced by Rena’s explanation, she still accepted it for the time being. I’m not convinced by it either. What the hell is up with this kind of development?!<br/>
「Kuroki-sama… Please allow me to express my gratitude. Thanks for accepting our request to save my big brother.」<br/>
The woman named Kyouka bowed down in front of me.<br/>
「It’s nothing… I mean, even I-」<br/>
What the hell is with this level of misunderstanding?! I can’t even tell her I didn’t come here to save Reiji.<br/>
Kyouka was staring right into my eyes. Crap, my heart is beating like crazy! A cute girl is staring at me with such intense eyes…<br/>
Even though I want a cute girlfriend, I can’t talk properly when I’m in front of a cute girl.<br/>
「Kuroki, you sure are fawning over her, huh?」<br/>
Shirone glared at me from the side.<br/>
It can’t be helped, you know?! I’ve never received such gratitude from a cute girl before. I can’t keep my composure like Reiji!<br/>
Part 9<br/>
「Kyouka, the Dark Knight seems troubled. Why don’t you get away from him for a moment?」<br/>
Rena forced her way between Kyouka and me. Despite the smile on her face, she seemed like she was sulking. Kyouka looked disappointed upon being separated from me too.<br/>
「Young lady, let’s save the gratitude for when we break into the labyrinth and save Reiji-sama.」<br/>
「I understand, Kaya. See you later, Kuroki-san.」<br/>
Kyouka and Kaya left the room after saying goodbye.<br/>
「I guess I should leave too, Kuroki. I still haven’t contacted Leylia-san.」<br/>
Shirone left right after she said that.<br/>
「Kuroki, I need to talk to the head priest of the temple, so let’s continue our talk later.」<br/>
After that, Rena left the room too.<br/>
The head priest of the temple is an apostle of Rena’s valkyrie. The valkyries are powerful but conspicuous, however, the apostles don’t stand out too much since they were originally humans.<br/>
Rena hid the fact that she was coming to this place from her valkyries. Well, it’s better to leave this kind of a job to a former human instead of an angel anyway.<br/>
And so, Regena and I were the only ones left in the room.<br/>
「Regena… How are you feeling?」<br/>
I asked her anxiously.<br/>
「Yes, I’ve never felt so great before. I’m blessed to be able to meet you, my master.」<br/>
Regena showed me the dragon-like horns growing from her head. Her eyes lit up with a flash of golden light. Those eyes… They didn’t belong to a human. They’re the eyes of a dragon. I always feel guilt-ridden whenever I see them. Because… She’s turned into my apostle.<br/>
Because of the dragon’s power in my body, Regena became my apostle. Now, she belongs to the Meryuujin race, the same species as Dragonewt. Although they look like humans, they can also assume a dragon’s form. One might even say that the dragonmen are not humans at all.<br/>
To be honest, I thought Regena would be sad knowing that she’s now a monster, but she looks strangely happy about it.<br/>
The reason I turned Regena into my apostle was so I could save her life. The day the dragon in me went berserk after I drank Kuna’s tea, Regena, being the weakest woman amongst the victims that day, couldn’t endure it and was almost on the verge of dying by the time I regained my sanity.<br/>
But she couldn’t be saved by healing magic, since Kuna wasn’t in a state to use it after I’d completely ravaged her body. Thus, I was left with no other choice but to turn Regena into my apostle in order to save her life. And I still haven’t found a method to turn her back into a human either.<br/>
I looked at Regena. When my eyes met hers, I could easily see how happy she was.<br/>
Everytime I see her smile, my heart aches. She can’t even feel sad about her condition since it’s in the apostle’s nature to keep their master happy.<br/>
◆Sword Maiden, Shirone<br/>
「Shirone-sama.」<br/>
I stopped walking when I heard Kaya-san call out to me.<br/>
「What’s the matter, Kaya-san？」<br/>
I turned around to find Kaya-san and Kyouka-san.<br/>
「This is your chance. The Silver Witch isn’t around. Use this opportunity to take back Kuroki-sama. You shouldn’t miss out on it.」<br/>
I shook my head.<br/>
Somehow, Kuroki wasn’t with the Silver Witch and that’s the only reason why he could come with Rena here. I don’t know why they came together, but just like Kaya-san, I have several questions for him.<br/>
For now, I’m just glad that Kuroki came to our help. Now I know that the Silver Witch couldn’t get complete control over him. After all, he came all the way here to save us.<br/>
So I still have a chance to take him back, but…<br/>
「We can’t do that, Kaya-san. I want to take Kuroki back from that woman as well, but… Saving Reiji-kun is our top priority right now.」<br/>
Yes, I want to take him back, but we need to save Reiji-kun first. I mean, even Rena got angry when I hugged Kuroki like usual and forgot about Reiji and the others.<br/>
「You sure are an honest girl, Shirone-san. I’m happy you’re worried about my brother, but are you really fine with putting off this matter until later?」<br/>
Kyouka-san asked me.<br/>
「Don’t worry, Kyouka-san. I’ll definitely take him back.. But, for now, we have other things to attend to.」<br/>
Kuroki will definitely come back to my side, so it should be alright to deal with this matter later.<br/>
So as I walked, I tried convincing myself that everything will turn out alright.<br/>
