<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Chapter 8 – The Girl Worries<br/>
「Is oniisama yet to wake up? If so, then what is Sahoko doing right now！ ！ ！ 」<br/>
Midou Kyouka aka Kyouka is protesting with a loud voice.<br/>
Kyouka is one of Reiji’s two little sisters.<br/>
Though her appearance is similiar to Reiji, he personality isn’t.<br/>
Reiji was defeated by the dark knight and then we returned to the holy republic Lenaria.<br/>
The eight of us were summoned by the temple of goddess Rena in this country.<br/>
We’re currently inside one of the temple rooms.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
「Kyouka-san, Reiji-kun won’t wake up even if you raise your voice like that, you know」<br/>
I said those words for who knows how many times. Reiji is sleeping in the room beside us, so she should be quiet.<br/>
「So, you’re not worrying about oniisama, Chiyuki-san？ ！ ！ Come to think of it, oniisama’s wound is because you guys aren’t strong enough！ How will you take responsibility for this matter？ ！ ！ 」<br/>
Honestly, I’m too lazy to reply to her outburst of anger since it’s too troublesome.<br/>
Kyouka is not participating in the demon king subjugation.<br/>
She and Takayama Kaya, or known as Kaya, were waiting for us in this holy republic Lenaria.<br/>
As for why they’re house-sitting, it is to protect our base of operations, at least officially.<br/>
But, the real reason is because of Kyouka’s incompetence.<br/>
She most likely will attack her own allies as she’s unable to control her own power.<br/>
She’s seemingly learning fencing but to be honest, her strength is questionable. Just like how her gender is the opposite of Reiji, her strength is also dismally low.<br/>
Frankly speaking, she’s nothing but a burden even if we bring her along.<br/>
She’s also on bad terms with the other girls which would make the atmosphere detrimental, if we’re to take her along.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
That’s why she couldn’t participate in the subjugation of the demon king.<br/>
Contrary to that, Kaya, using kenpo and karate, is quite capable herself, but she decided to remain here as she’s unable to leave Kyouka alone.<br/>
Sahoko and Kaya are the daughters of the servants of Reiji house.<br/>
Kyouka and Kaya are going to the princess’s school which is different from the school we’re going to and is located in quite a distant location. Even in our world, the reason Kaya left is to assist Kyouka.<br/>
Kaya and I are currently the only ones in this room.<br/>
It’s been three days since Reiji was defeated.<br/>
Though his body is safe, he had spent a vast amount of his life force, thus he has yet to wake up.<br/>
Though I know that Kyouka is worried about Reiji, I can’t do anything about it. We can only wish for his safety.<br/>
Sahoko is currently on Reiji’s side. Sahoko, who takes care of Reiji even in our world, has already been using her healing magic for three days straight.<br/>
I recall that time. Sahoko keep chanting the aria of healing magic almost all day long on Reiji’s wound. Even Sahoko’s life will be in grave danger if she continues to overdraft in this manner.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
To be honest, it’s thanks to her effort that she managed to save Reiji’s life in spite of that fatal wound.<br/>
Why Sahoko is willing to go that far to save Reiji？<br/>
I heard that Sahoko is Reiji’s childhood friend. Due to the circumstance of his house, Reiji was raised in a different house than the main house of the Midou family, and since Sahoko was the only child around his age in that house, the two became playmates. That’s why I think that there are so many things that may have happened between them.<br/>
And that Sahoko has already nursed Reiji for three days straight, so she must have some rest. Naturally, Sahoko agreed to that proposal, but…<br/>
Kyouka tried as hard as Sahoko to nurse Reiji, but she fell after being unable to do anything.<br/>
But, I’m also not that much of a help compared to Sahoko.<br/>
No, no one can rival Sahoko when it comes to Reiji.<br/>
After Sahoko returned to rest, three of us, Kaya, Shirone and I took turns to nurse Reiji.<br/>
Kaya and Shirone are currently training in the training ground of the temple.<br/>
Reiji is currently unable to move, so those two will stand as vanguard in case something happens.<br/>
For this reason, Shirone has requested Kaya to accompany her with her training.<br/>
By the way, Rino is in her own allocated room in the temple while Nao is strolling outside.<br/>
After Reiji’s defeat, the atmosphere between us became heavy.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It seems that it was because Reiji had been mortally wounded and was on the verge of death, but what made us shocked the most was his defeat.<br/>
Until now, save for Reiji, we’re the ones who often fall into desperate situations and Reiji is the only exception.<br/>
We felt that it’ll be easy for him no matter who the opponent is.<br/>
It was such a simple matter.<br/>
Dark knight Diehart.<br/>
I’m pondering about the man who defeated Reiji.<br/>
The fight from that time was too fast to be seen by my eyes.<br/>
Before I know, Reiji had already fallen on the ground with blood gushing out from his chest.<br/>
The only one who could see that fight was only Shirone and Nao.<br/>
According to Shirone, Diehart’s movements seemingly resembled Japanese swordsmanship. Moreover, he’s quite the master at that too.<br/>
Shirone, as the girl of a kendo dojo*, is quite knowledgeable about swordsmanship.[TL* : equivalent to sect in xianxia or school]<br/>
Shirone told us that Diehart’s ability is higher than hers.<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
And it’s something that one cannot achieve without swordsmanship training.<br/>
「Rei-kun！！ ！ 」<br/>
Sahoko’s voice is suddenly resounding from the room.<br/>
When Kyouka and I enter the room in panic, we saw an awakened Reiji there. Sahoko was currently embracing that Reiji.<br/>
<br/>
Advertisement<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});<br/>
<br/>
 <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
