<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Mid Meal Snack</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter">
    <h1>Mid Meal Snack</h1>

    <p>On this day, Lala Wu was moody early in the morning.</p>

    <p>She went to bath with her sisters after waking up, and after doing their laundry there, they entered the forest to pick pico and lilo leaves. She didn’t talk much the entire time, so Sati Lei Wu asked her worriedly when they came back:</p>

    <p>“Lala, what’s the matter? You look listless today.”</p>

    <p>Sati Lei Wu was the wife of Lala Wu’s brother, Jiza Wu.</p>

    <p>Sati Lei Wu who was older than her sisters looked at Lala Wu with gentle eyes. Lala Wu turned towards her and said quietly: “It’s nothing.”</p>

    <p>“But you didn’t speak at all the entire morning, right? If you don’t feel well, don’t push yourself and rest.”</p>

    <p>“I’m feeling fine. And I picked more pico leaves than Sati Lei.”</p>

    <p>Lala Wu regretted saying that immediately, but Sati Lei Wu was still smiling:</p>

    <p>“That’s right. Lala works really well, even though you are just nine. However… Are you feeling unwell? If not, is something on your mind?”</p>

    <p>She couldn’t lie before the wise Sati Lei Wu.</p>

    <p>But Lala Wu shook her head stubbornly:</p>

    <p>“I’m really okay. We finished our work, so let’s hurry on back.”</p>

    <p>“Is that so…”</p>

    <p>After that, Sati Lei Wu stopped pressing her.</p>

    <p>When they reached the edge of the forest, her other sisters were all chatting cheerfully. The young Rimee Wu was still at home, so only Sati Lei Wu was with Lala Wu. The sun shone through the gaps of the branching, silently telling them that it was almost noon.</p>

    <p>The kiba in the forest would soon wake, and the hunters would start working. The thought of that made Lala Wu’s heart ache.</p>

    <p>“Ahh, welcome home. Have you finished your work properly?”</p>

    <p>When they left the forest, Grandma Ditto Min Wu was already waiting for them.</p>

    <p>She was holding a large machete with piles of firewood by her feet as she chopped wood by herself.</p>

    <p>“Yes, we picked many pico and lilo leaves… We will help to chop the wood too…”</p>

    <p>When she heard what the eldest daughter Vena Wu said, Ditto Min Wu answered with a smile: “There’s no need to hurry.”</p>

    <p>“I’m thinking about resting for a while. It’s almost noon, let’s do the rest after eating some jerky. Keep the lilo and pico leaves into the food store first.”</p>

    <p>“Okay… See you later then…”</p>

    <p>It was their usual daily life.</p>

    <p>But today was special.</p>

    <p>The herbs they picked were kept in the food store, and when they were on their way back to their house, a cheer erupted from the plaza, as if to emphasize how special today was.</p>

    <p>“Huh? What’s with all that ruckus?”</p>

    <p>The second daughter Leina Wu tilted her head.</p>

    <p>Lala Wu bit her lips and said to her sisters:</p>

    <p>“Sorry, I will go take a look. Leina-nee and everyone, please go back first.”</p>

    <p>“Ahh, Lala…?”</p>

    <p>Lala Wu ignored Sati Lei Wu’s worried voice and sprinted towards the plaza.</p>

    <p>She knew where the noise was coming from. It was the house of Lala Wu’s uncle, Ryada Wu.</p>

    <p>Ryada Wu and Shin Wu were standing at the entrance, and Lala Wu bit her lips when she saw them.</p>

    <p>Shin Wu was wearing a new hunter’s cape made by his family and had blades on his waist. Shin Wu who just reached 13 years of age yesterday would be hunting kiba as an apprentice from this day forth.</p>

    <p>“Yes, it looks great on you.”</p>

    <p>“Your body is a little bit smaller, but you are a splitting image of Ryada Wu when he was young.”</p>

    <p>“Shin Wu will definitely become an excellent hunter.”</p>

    <p>The other women there were chatting, while Shin Wu was calm as always.</p>

    <p>He was one head shorter than Ryada Wu and thinner than the already slender Ryada Wu. Lala Wu was just nine, but Shin Wu was just four years her senior. The thick hide cape was probably too heavy for Shin Wu, much less than the saber.</p>

    <p>A familiar voice came from Lala Wu’s vicinity.</p>

    <p>Her brother Ludo Wu came to her side without her realizing it and chewed on jerky as he stared at Shin Wu.</p>

    <p>“I was just playing with him yesterday. I want to be a hunter soon too…”</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu was twelve and just a year away from becoming a hunter. He was shorter than Shin Wu and as skinny as a girl.</p>

    <p>“… If you become a hunter, you will need to face the kiba, correct?”</p>

    <p>Lala Wu asked softly, and Ludo Wu replied with a smile: “Of course!”</p>

    <p>“That’s the job of a hunter, you know? Ahh, I can’t wait for my birthday.”</p>

    <p>“But why? Ludo Wu and Shin Wu are still so small, you will die if you run into a kiba!”</p>

    <p>“Dying in the forest is also our fate. It doesn’t matter how big or powerful a hunter is, his time will come one day.”</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu stuck his tongue out at her.</p>

    <p>Lala Wu smacked his head and straightened her posture. At this moment, Shin Wu went through the crowd and came over:</p>

    <p>“So you are here too, Ludo Wu, Lala Wu. Is Donda Wu up yet?”</p>

    <p>“I don’t know, maybe he is still sleeping or eating jerky at home.”</p>

    <p>“Is that so. I have to greet the head of the main house.”</p>

    <p>Shin Wu was his usual self. He had long narrow eyes and a face as gentle as a girl’s. He seldom smiled as always.</p>

    <p>But on his slender body were the garbs of a hunter, and a saber rested on his waist. Just that was enough to make Shin Wu look more mature.</p>

    <p>He might be short, but Shin Wu was still a head taller than Lala Wu. The top of Lala Wu’s head was right at his shoulder. Shin Wu looked at Lala Wu calmly like he always did:</p>

    <p>“Lala Wu, Ludo Wu, are you taking a break after your work? Are you almost done with picking herbs and chopping wood?”</p>

    <p>“Yeah, Shin Wu, you don’t need to help with the chores at home anymore, right? I’m envious.”</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu said before Lala Wu could speak, so Shin Wu looked his way:</p>

    <p>“The work at home is as important as hunting. Ludo Wu, you shouldn’t look down on house chores.”</p>

    <p>“But picking herbs and tanning hides isn’t fun. I prefer sparring together with Shin Wu.”</p>

    <p>“I see. Ludo Wu, please train my brothers before you turn 13.”</p>

    <p>“Shin Wu’s brothers are just little runts! They can’t beat me even if they had sticks.”</p>

    <p>The two of them seemed to be having fun.</p>

    <p>This scene was the same as usual, but Shin Wu seemed prouder than before, and Ludo Wu was giving his blessing. For the young ones, this was only natural.</p>

    <p>Right then, Lala Wu’s feeling was very heavy.</p>

    <p>“… Shin Wu, be careful and don’t get hurt.”</p>

    <p>Lala Wu shouted, and Shin Wu turned back.</p>

    <p>His narrow eyes squinted into a slit happily.</p>

    <p>“Everything is the guidance of the forest, so I want to start working as a hunter as soon as possible. Lala Wu, work hard on your house chores too.”</p>

    <p>Lala Wu was very worked up, but she couldn’t give any answer.</p>

    <p>Shin Wu who looked so happy just now narrowed his eyes worriedly this time. But before he could say anything more, Ryada Wu walked over.</p>

    <p>“Shin, let’s go to the main house to find Donda Wu. The Grand Elder isn’t feeling well, so you should greet them before heading into the forest.”</p>

    <p>“Yes, I understand.”</p>

    <p>Shin Wu nodded and looked at Shela Wu with the same gaze. He then headed to the main house together with Ryada Wu.</p>

    <p>The branch house women returned to their work, leaving just Lala Wu and Ludo Wu standing there.</p>

    <p>“What’s wrong? You had a fight with Shin Wu? You are acting differently from normal.”</p>

    <p>“… No.”</p>

    <p>“That’s right! Today is a big day for Shin Wu, so don’t make us worry.”</p>

    <p>Ludo Wu put his hands on the back of his head and wandered off aimlessly.</p>

    <p>Lala Wu sighed, noticed a few figures at the entrance of the house, and looked that way. They were Shin Wu’s mother Tali Wu, sister Shela Wu, and his two young brothers.</p>

    <p>Shela Wu lowered her head worriedly, while Tali Wu placed her hand on Shela Wu’s shoulder to comfort her. Her young brothers didn’t seem to understand what was going on and ate their jerky.</p>

    <p>Her family member was starting his dangerous work as a hunter, and taking pride alone wasn’t enough.</p>

    <p>Especially for the weak Shela Wu, who was very worried, and Lala Wu saw someone who shared her sentiments for the first time.</p>

    <p>They laid the pico leaves they picked in the morning on clothes, and Sati Lei Wu said: “Is that so. Lala is very worried about Shin Wu too.”</p>

    <p>Lala Wu helped with this chore as she nodded.</p>

    <p>Lala Wu couldn’t take it anymore and told Sati Lei Wu how she felt.</p>

    <p>The sun was always high up, and the men had entered the forest. When she thought about the smallest sized Shin Wu among them, Lala Wu looked as if she was going to cry.</p>

    <p>“Lala and Shin Wu are good friends, so I know why you are worried. Hunting kiba is very dangerous work.”</p>

    <p>“Yes…”</p>

    <p>“However, an apprentice hunter won’t do anything dangerous. In the beginning, they will learn from powerful hunters on how to conceal their presence and search for kiba.”</p>

    <p>“But, he might get attacked suddenly just by walking around the forest. Didn’t a branch house man die recently?”</p>

    <p>“That’s right, such a thing might happen. This is all the guidance of the forest.”</p>

    <p>Sati Lei Wu patted Lala Wu’s shoulder like what Tali Wu did earlier. Lala Wu wiped away her tears with the back of her palm and looked at Sati Lei Wu:</p>

    <p>“Sati Lei, how can you and the others stay so calm? If your precious family and spouse die in the forest, you can’t see them again, right? Won’t you feel sad?”</p>

    <p>“Of course we will feel sad. That’s why we pray to the forest every day.”</p>

    <p>“But, the forest won’t answer our prayers every time. I don’t want it to end like that!”</p>

    <p>She would have definitely got scolded if Lala Wu told her parents that. So Lala Wu clung onto Sati Lei Wu.</p>

    <p>Sati Lei Wu was older than her sisters and married. Still, she was just 19 and a close family. She shouldn’t be as open-minded as the older ladies, but she always had a matured smile. To Lala Wu, she looked more dependable than anyone else.</p>

    <p>“Like Lala said, losing one’s family and spouse is heartbreaking. It might be the guidance of the forest, but we won’t be able to stay and chat with the people we love. There is nothing more sad than that.”</p>

    <p>“The souls that returned to the forest will appear before our tribemates in a different form. That is the teaching of the forest, and I didn’t understand when I was young… In any case, we will mourn the people who have passed.”</p>

    <p>Sati Lei Wu said with a sudden smile.</p>

    <p>It was slightly different from usual and had a hint of sadness.</p>

    <p>“Lala, I already lost my parents.”</p>

    <p>“Huh!? B-But Sati Lei, aren’t you from the Lei main house? I saw the head of the Lei house during the harvest festival…”</p>

    <p>“I was born in the branch house. I lost my parents when I was young and became a part of the main house.”</p>

    <p>Sati Lei Wu narrowed her eyes, as if she was looking far away.</p>

    <p>“My father’s soul returned to the forest as a hunter, and my mother died from illness. And I thought… When people die, those left behind will lose one person, while the dead will lose everyone. However… My mother was worried until the very end about me being left behind.”</p>

    <p>“…”</p>

    <p>“So I thought, it is wrong for those left behind to continue grieving. My parent’s soul and the forest will watch over me… I believe that from the bottom of my heart. If not, won’t my mother who had to part with everyone be too pitiful?”</p>

    <p>“… I don’t understand.”</p>

    <p>An emotion she couldn’t describe made Lala Wu weep.</p>

    <p>Sati Lei Wu hugged Lala Wu’s head with a smile:</p>

    <p>“This is too difficult for the young Lala to understand. What I want to say is, my parents were both happy. I was too young back then and only wallowed in my sorrow. When I grew a bit older, I started wishing to live happily like my parents and return my soul to the forest at the very end.”</p>

    <p>“Yes…”</p>

    <p>“Everyone will die one day. But that is exactly why we have to live life to the fullest. Our goal should be to live, instead of not dying. If we do so, our souls will return to the forest satisfactorily like my parents.”</p>

    <p>The young Lala Wu still didn’t understand what Sati Lei Wu was saying.</p>

    <p>At this moment, a cheer erupted from the plaza behind her.</p>

    <p>She started to look that way and saw a few hunters carrying a kiba back. They hunted two kiba right after entering the forest.</p>

    <p>Lala Wu looked back at Sati Lei Wu with a serious face.</p>

    <p>Sati Lei Wu patted Lala Wu’s head with a gentle smile.</p>

    <p>“Go on, I will handle the pico leaves.”</p>

    <p>Lala Wu nodded and ran towards the plaza.</p>

    <p>Four hunters carried two kiba in two pairs. Even from a distance, she could tell that one of them was Shin Wu.</p>

    <p>“Shin Wu! You are back so fast?”</p>

    <p>“Yes, Lala Wu. Because… they attacked us when we were laying the traps. It wasn’t too far from the village, so we carried them right back.”</p>

    <p>The kiba’s legs were tied to a krilee stick which was carried on the shoulders of two people. It was a heavy and tough kiba bigger than Shin Wu. His father Ryada Wu carried it with him, and the other pair were men from another branch house.</p>

    <p>“You were attacked by kiba? Are you fine?”</p>

    <p>Lala Wu asked waveringly, and Shin Wu answered with a nod: “Yes.”</p>

    <p>He didn’t look hurt, and the two of them were carrying such a big kiba so easily, showing the strength of Forest’s Edge hunters.</p>

    <p>“Father Ryada Wu was the one that delivered the mortal wound to it, and it took my arrow in the knee, stopping it in its track. So the hide of this kiba belongs to us.”</p>

    <p>“Is that so… Shin Wu is amazing.”</p>

    <p>“I was just lucky. But I’m glad that I finished my work properly.”</p>

    <p>Shin Wu said with a smile.</p>

    <p>It was a proud, childish smile that Shin Wu rarely showed.</p>

    <p>Shin Wu was living on strongly and took immense pride in his work as a hunter. That was why he could smile like that.</p>

    <p>A different emotion appeared in Lala Wu’s gloomy mood.</p>

    <p>She became true to herself and exposed her unease and sadness under the sun.</p>

    <p>Shin Wu was smiling so happily, so she couldn’t cry so easily. Lala Wu thought as she squeezed out a smile.</p>

    <p>“Congratulations! I’m glad that Shin Wu did his work so well!”</p>

    <p>And Shin Wu’s smile brightened.</p>

    <p>This was the smile Lala Wu loved and was the most familiar with.</p>

    <p>“I will wrap things up and go back to the forest. Pray for my safe return.”</p>

    <p>“Yes! I will wait for you with the others!”</p>

    <p>Urged on by Ryada Wu, Shin Wu headed towards his own house.</p>

    <p>Lala Wu watched his back as she wiped away her fresh tears.</p>

    <p><i>I want to grow up quickly too.</i></p>

    <p>She could wear women attire after her next birthday and needed to learn all the work of the adults by her thirteenth birthday. And then, she might understand what Sati Lei Wu told her.</p>

    <p>It wasn’t very clear, but she still understood something.</p>

    <p>Lala Wu wanted to walk the same path as Shin Wu.</p>

    <p>She wanted to live a righteous life as a denizen of Forest’s Edge. Not like the depraved Tsun clan, but without fearing anyone and abiding by the laws of Forest’s Edge… and share her happiness and bliss with those that she cherished. Lala Wu wished sincerely for all that.</p>

    <p>Lala Wu turned and left, running back to the place where she belonged.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>