<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
January 19, 2020<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 33<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The Beginning of Despair for the two of them Part 2<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator: Masakibluei<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I open my eyes. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
E--?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The moment I open my eyes, I do not find<br/>
the mid-boss as well as Jin who was still fighting with it. I blink my eyes a<br/>
couple times but the view does not change. I look around at my surroundings,<br/>
but I do not see Force, Neme and Rosalia. Even I cannot find any traces of them.<br/>
There is only Erin who is laying beside me. She is also puzzled about our<br/>
current situation and whereabouts. She blinks her eyes repeatedly. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-----rather, where is this? What is<br/>
this place?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I really have no idea where we<br/>
are now. The sight in front of me is not the floating island that we went just<br/>
a moment ago, it's more like we are inside a building. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Are we inside some kind of historical<br/>
ruins?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The wall is illuminated by the<br/>
candles hung on the wall. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “What’s going on, exactly?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I don’t know how we get into this<br/>
situation. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Why are we here? <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
How did we get here?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Those questions are popping up<br/>
into my mind, but I cannot figure out the answer. For some reason, I feel like<br/>
cannot remember anything. Then I hear Erin’s voice which comes from my side. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Probably that was a<br/>
teleport trap..”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Teleport trap?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “That’s right. It is a kind<br/>
of trap that forcefully teleports people or object which has gone into the trap.<br/>
“<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Right now, we are inside a room that<br/>
looks like it belonged to a historical ruin. We might be in a place that is far<br/>
away from the floating island where we fought the mid-boss. The room is made<br/>
out of rocks and it's quite narrow. There are passages at both ends and<br/>
candles are lit along the walls. There is something written on the wall that is<br/>
illuminated by the candle. The ivy plants that grow along the wall, swirls around<br/>
it. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I think Erin is right. We were definitely<br/>
teleported to somewhere else. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “We are really at a pretty<br/>
bad situation now.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Sorry. That was my bad. I<br/>
didn’t notice the trap.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “I didn’t mean to blame<br/>
you. That was unavoidable. It really was an unpredictable disaster.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Thank you. But still, it<br/>
was my responsibility.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin hangs her head down and shows an apologetic face. However, clarifying about whose fault that we end up in this<br/>
predicament will not help with our situation, so we switch the topic. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “It will be best to group<br/>
back with Jin and everyone else quickly. But unfortunately, I cannot sense any<br/>
of their presence nearby. I’m a little bit worried about this.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Since we came here, I have been<br/>
activating the <<Search Enemy>> art and do not find any presence of<br/>
our companion. On the contrary, I only detect a powerful monster’s presence nearby.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “That’s worrisome. How<br/>
about your <<Mapping>> skill? Do you find any clue about where we<br/>
are?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Nothing at all. Since I<br/>
cannot detect any trace of the floating islands around here, I think we were teleported<br/>
to a completely different place. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<<Mapping>> skill is<br/>
an ability to automatically create a map of 1 km radius range from the user. However,<br/>
the area that is being mapped within the 1km radius from our location is not<br/>
included on the map that we possess already. Using my skills, an image of<br/>
complicated maze-like paths emerges within 1 km radius. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “There is no limit of<br/>
distance or space on a teleport trap. You will never know where it will take you<br/>
until you teleport. This place can be someplace inside the dungeon but it can<br/>
also be outside the dungeon.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
After hearing Erin’s explanation,<br/>
both of us feel that we are quite lucky. If there is no limit to where the<br/>
trap can teleport us, then we are quite lucky that we did not end up at sea or<br/>
lava or even a thousand meters above the sky. More than that, I’m grateful that<br/>
we are still alive. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Judging by the structure<br/>
and the strength of the monsters nearby, I think we are probably somewhere<br/>
inside the dungeon.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Because the inside of the dungeon<br/>
is completely isolated from the outside world, the upper and lower spaces of<br/>
the dungeon are cut off. When you are using the <<Mapping>> skill<br/>
at such a place, then the map that is drawn inside your brain will also be cut<br/>
off at the upper and lower space. Unless you are a <<Mapping>><br/>
skill user, you might not be able to fully understand what it feels like.  In addition, there is no monster that posses such a high level of strength outside of the dungeon. We are definitely still inside the<br/>
dungeon. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “If this is the case, then there<br/>
is a chance to meet with everyone else. Let’s continue while avoiding the<br/>
monsters as much as possible.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin’s voice is filled with a<br/>
little bit of hope. She feels a little bit cheered up because there is some<br/>
possibility to regroup with our party members. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
We turn our feet to one of the<br/>
paths that are extended from the room. The visibility of the path ahead of us<br/>
is not clear. There are no other sources of light except for the candles along<br/>
the side of the walls. Nevertheless, we are still able to get the enemy<br/>
information using the <<Search Enemy>> and there are no monsters in<br/>
front of the path ahead of us. It should be alright to continue walking ahead with<br/>
Erin. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I suddenly remember about something<br/>
and stop, “Wait a moment, Erin.” <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “What’s wrong?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Do you know how to read those?<br/>
There is something written on the wall. It looks similar to the text we saw<br/>
before at the horsemen village. Perhaps it holds some clue.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I point my finger to the written<br/>
passages on the wall that I found earlier. Erin turns her sight towards where<br/>
my finger is pointing on. Since the text is right behind her, she did not realize<br/>
the text's existence up until I brought it up. I also turn my sight towards the<br/>
text. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
As soon as she sees the text, her<br/>
eyes widen. Her pupil opens wide in a flash. Her mouth trembles slightly and her<br/>
face turns really pale. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Erin?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I try to call Erin, but she does<br/>
not respond. Her eyes are strictly focused on the text on the wall. Something is wrong with the text. I thought<br/>
that right away. When I notice, Erin's shoulders are shaking.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Oi, Erin! Are you alright?!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Haaa…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin is stiff as hell. Her teeth are<br/>
making clacking sound as she is hyperventilating. she breathes in and out very<br/>
quickly.  After her sudden jolting, she<br/>
finally remembers my existence. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “What’s wrong? You look<br/>
weird. What is written over there?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:” It’s a lie…no…It has to be<br/>
a lie…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “What’s written over there?<br/>
Just please explain it.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “I hate it… I truly can’t<br/>
believe it…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “That’s why, what is IT?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “You are noisy!!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Suddenly, Erin whose eyes are<br/>
bloodshot red raises her voice. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Alright. If you really<br/>
want to know, I will tell you…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Slowly Erin opens her mouth again<br/>
and speaks,” It’s written over there ‘Welcome, here is the 20th<br/>
floor’ …”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
OMG. I feel the suspense already. They are on the final level floor by themselves. The next chapter is a really exciting one. We will see more of Note's true potential. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous TOC  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If you like our translation, please support us by reading our translation on our site or buying us a cup of coffee.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Share<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Get link<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Facebook<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Twitter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Email<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
