<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
January 26, 2020<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 34<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Chapter 34<br/>
<br/>
The True Value of a Human Named Note Athlon. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator: Masakibluei<br/>
Note:<br/>
“He-here is the 20th floor…?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I<br/>
blank out completely. The moment I heard those words, it gave me a terrifying<br/>
shocks impact. I can’t comprehend what is Erin saying about. I can’t understand<br/>
it. This is 20th floor? What the heck?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
A moment ago, I was on the 17th floor with everyone. We were exploring the<br/>
floor to observe and gain some information. After that in the afternoon, we<br/>
were supposed to return to our party house in Purith town. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Then,<br/>
how come we are ended up at this place? <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I<br/>
don’t want to acknowledge my current situation. But my brain<br/>
mercilessly convinces me to acknowledge it. There is no salvation. The fault lies<br/>
in the <<Search Enemy>> skill. Because of this skill, you get to<br/>
know the strength of the enemies around you. The strength level of the monsters<br/>
around our position is extraordinary. It’s really worthy of the dungeon level<br/>
20th floor. They have overwhelming strength power. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“That’s right…It makes me want to laugh…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin’s<br/>
dry laugh echoes in the room. However, the light on her eyes has already lost. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“We are…really done for.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
While<br/>
saying those words, Erin collapses to the ground. It seems that both of her<br/>
knees lose all of its strength and can no longer stand by itself. She hangs her<br/>
head down while speaking with a thin voice. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Alone with Note who has none fighting skill on the 20th floor? It’s<br/>
impossible… Are you telling me to die…?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
‘Are<br/>
there no other words to say it nicely?’ these words of complaint nearly escape<br/>
out of my mouth. But what’s Erin said is the truth. It’s vexing but I can’t say<br/>
anything about it.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It’s<br/>
impossible to get out of the 20th floor just with the two of us. I<br/>
who has no combat ability is absolutely hopeless. Even Erin who is specialized in a long-distance fight will not be able to fight the 20th floor<br/>
monsters by herself. This is impossible. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Because<br/>
there is an excellent vanguard in the Arriver, Erin was able to play an active<br/>
role on our past battle. Erin has always been fighting from behind. She is not<br/>
the type for a direct offense attack. Without a vanguard, we will be killed<br/>
immediately. From using the <<Search Enemy>> art, I can grasp the monster’s<br/>
abilities. The monsters are way too powerful. These are the facts. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Are<br/>
we going to die? In this place?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I’m<br/>
looking around desperately. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
In<br/>
a dim small room, where the candles are not showing any sign of melting. Eerie<br/>
ashen color ivies are covering the walls. Damp air that sticks to your skin. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It<br/>
can’t be. To die at this place? Not too long ago, everything was going well<br/>
after all. I was able to master new skills little by little. Being thrust by<br/>
Neme’s outrageous remarks, bewildered at Rosalia’s temptation, and amazed at<br/>
Force’s stupidity. Every day was fun. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Nevertheless.<br/>
Why do I suddenly lose all those precious everyday life? Why do I have to die?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I<br/>
know the reason from long time ago. Being end up at this kind of situation is<br/>
my own fault. To sum it up, I had completely forgotten that many adventurers<br/>
have lost their life while challenging the dungeon. I forgot this fact because<br/>
I was being surrounded by the strongest team, the Arrivers. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Since<br/>
I started joining the team, I have been threading on a thin string where I can<br/>
die anytime. And I have been relying on others that I did not realize the danger<br/>
that I am in. I know the word of danger but I’ve just completely understood the<br/>
essence of danger now.  I understood it<br/>
after I was being teleported here to the 20th floor. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It’s<br/>
too late to realize this. Nothing can be done anymore. I’m a big idiot. I’m<br/>
also pathetic. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It’s<br/>
laughable. It just as what’s Erin said. Spontaneously, I feel the corner of my<br/>
mouth is twitching. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“I hate this…I still don’t want to die…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin<br/>
holds her trembling shoulders tightly. Her current state is far from her usual state.<br/>
Looking at her losing her composure, it makes me comeback to my sense. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Yes,<br/>
I have to calm down. I don’t have any free time to panic. A warning bell is ringing<br/>
inside my brain due to the <<Search Enemy>> art. Based on the<br/>
skill, some monsters are approaching to our location. If they come here while<br/>
we are unprepared, we will die.  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I<br/>
slap my cheeks to regain myself. Even if its impossible, I have to calm my self<br/>
down. Put the fear aside, for now, we have to runaway. In order to survive. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Stand up, Erin. Monsters are coming. Let’s runaway.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I<br/>
pull up her arm to urge her to move. But Erin is completely dispirited. I pull her<br/>
up again but her body is really heavy. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Oi! Erin!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“…hm? ...What?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:”<br/>
Don’t ‘hmm’ me! Let’s runaway! The monsters are coming!!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
At<br/>
my call, Erin regains her sense back to reality. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Ye,yes. That’s right…We have to runaway quickly…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin<br/>
mutters with small and weak voices. She mutters those words to reason with<br/>
herself. Erin finally tries to stand up, but her knees are still weak. Then she<br/>
falls down towards me. I capture her body quickly and support her to stand.  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Erin, are you okay?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“I’m okay…I’m okay…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
From<br/>
the pauses in her response, I understand that Erin’s is not fine at all. She is<br/>
probably more shaken than me about our present situation. It cannot be help. From<br/>
her point of view, the one that is being teleported with her to this 20th<br/>
floor is the least reliable party member. If the one that with her is not me,<br/>
but a vanguard like Jin or Force, she perhaps still has some hope to survive. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
As<br/>
for myself, being teleported with Erin is the same as being off slightly from the<br/>
worst situation. Being with her is still better than ending up in this situation<br/>
with Neme.  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Since<br/>
this is the case, she can feel as disappointed as she can be, but she cannot<br/>
stop and give up here. In order to prompt Erin to regains her composure, I speak<br/>
to give her some hope. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“There is a possibility that a teleportation crystal is nearby. We might be<br/>
able to go home. There is also a chance that Jin and the other members are<br/>
being teleported to this floor as well. That’s why, for now, let runaway first.<br/>
“<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I<br/>
know very well that these possibilities are unlikely to happen. I clearly know<br/>
it from my heart. I’m just telling lies. There is a low chance that a<br/>
teleportation crystal is conveniently nearby in such a big dungeon. It’s the<br/>
same thing about the chance of the other members being able to find a way to<br/>
get here. It a different thing if Jin and the others are caught by another teleportation<br/>
trap and being sent here. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Then<br/>
again, it's impossible for Jin and the other members to reach this floor by<br/>
using the usual method instead of the teleportation trap. Without a mapping<br/>
user and a long attacker in the team and forcefully conquer the dungeon that they<br/>
just go for the first time with only 4 people is an insane idea. For the worst,<br/>
everyone will be killed. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
More<br/>
over, here is the final level, 20th floor. It’s the floor where no adventurer<br/>
has been able to survive yet until now. I have no expectation that the other<br/>
members can come and rescue us. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
In<br/>
other words, there is no possibility to regroup with everyone. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If<br/>
we want to survive, we have to rely on ourselves. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Yeah! There are some possibilities like that! It will be great to find a<br/>
teleportation crystal or meeting back with the others who come to save us. “ <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
In<br/>
agreement with my wishful persuasion, a light of hope is lighted inside of Erin’s<br/>
eyes. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
----The<br/>
current Erin is no good. She may not be dependable at all. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It’s<br/>
easy to lift her spirit up back. But it’s evident that if she falls again into<br/>
despair, she will be useless. Rather than that, thank you for putting hopes<br/>
into my lies and become a puppet that can follow my instruction. From now on, I<br/>
will rely on my own judgment. I push down all of my anxiety while holding on<br/>
Erin’s hand and start to run away. <br/>
<br/>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
It seems that Note is the type that outshines if being push to the rock bottom. If he was ended up with Neme, it would be pure chaos. See you in the next chapter. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous TOC  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or reading our translation at our site only.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Share<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Get link<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Facebook<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Twitter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Email<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
