<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
February 02, 2020<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 35<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The True Value of a Human Named Note Athlon 2<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator: Masakibluei<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
As<br/>
I look at the map inside of my head, I can see the monsters are roaming around<br/>
everywhere. Moreover, one monster alone is stronger than the combined strength of<br/>
both of us. The monsters at the level 20th are exceedingly stronger<br/>
than the monsters at the 17th level. If we encounter even only one<br/>
monster, we will be done for sure. Therefore, we have to find a passage where<br/>
they cannot find us. Focusing all my concentration on the map inside of my<br/>
head, I’m looking out for the best escape route. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
How<br/>
about this path? The path is going to the right side and then we have to turn<br/>
left at the third corner. Can we go this way? Or should we go to the left?<br/>
Although there are more monsters on that side, only a couple of them is<br/>
actively moving around. If this is the case, continuing straight ahead is not safe.<br/>
Should we go back to the place where we come from?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Shit…<br/>
We should have turned on that road before! I don’t want to be blocked by the<br/>
monsters from both sides… The path that we can go to is limited. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
My brain is overload because of too much thinking. This is tough. The numbers of<br/>
monsters around us are way too much. In addition, if we choose the wrong path<br/>
even only once and met the monsters, then we will be done. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It's<br/>
hard to keep running while thinking of a way out. I need sufficient oxygen supply to<br/>
preserve my ability to think. I’m not even convinced that the current path that<br/>
we are walking on is the best path. My heart is about to break. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Is<br/>
my recent path choice wrong?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Is<br/>
the path that we are going ahead now is the right one?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
In<br/>
the first place, are we moving towards the closest teleportation crystal?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Or<br/>
actually, are we moving further in the opposite direction? <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The<br/>
anxiety raises more doubts. The strong conviction that I hold on my choice has<br/>
disappeared without any traces. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
But<br/>
the only way to survive is to move ahead. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If<br/>
we stop here, we will die. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
“Wa…wait<br/>
a minute…” said Erin while pulling my right arm. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I<br/>
stop my footsteps because of being pulled by her from behind. Then I turn around<br/>
and I see her sweating and breathing tremendously. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Please slow down the pace a bit…I can’t walk that fast.” <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Although<br/>
Erin already snaps out from her previous weak and depressed state, moving<br/>
forward at this pace is still too much for her. Erin’s stamina is different<br/>
from mine. Isn’t that a matter of course? Regardless, I am too flustered to the<br/>
point that I can only see myself. I was unconsciously pushing her to the corner.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Looking<br/>
at Erin who is so exhausted without any stamina left makes me reflect on<br/>
myself. What’s with ‘Now Erin is no good’ thing. The one that is actually no<br/>
good is me. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Sorry, I’ll slow down.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
As<br/>
I check up on the surrounding area using <<Search Enemy>> art, I<br/>
notice that there is some considerable distance between us and the nearby<br/>
monsters. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It’s<br/>
not a problem to keep running ahead. However, it is better to conserve our<br/>
physical strength and be prepared when it matters. I don’t know how big is this<br/>
20th floor. We might be stuck here and moving around for a couple of<br/>
days. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Let’s stop running and continue to walk on instead.” <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I<br/>
pull Erin’s hand who is still not finished taking a breather and continue to walk<br/>
again. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
This<br/>
is the worst. I pick the wrong path. Shit! What am I doing! I<br/>
get frustrated at myself. I repeatedly shake my right foot to release my frustration. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Calm<br/>
down. At this crucial moment, I have to stay calm.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I<br/>
take a deep breath and organize my thought at once. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It<br/>
has been 10 hours since we were teleported here. During the course of time, I already<br/>
understood the behavior pattern of the monsters here, and I also have plenty<br/>
of time to choose the right path now. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If<br/>
we continue to move ahead along this path, we’ll surely meet the monsters.  But if we go back to the previous path, there<br/>
are a herd of monsters waiting for us as well. As far as I can see from the<br/>
distance, we are currently trapped with monsters at the front and behind us. Moreover,<br/>
the monsters at the path ahead of us are moving towards us. It’s unavoidable that<br/>
we are going to crash into them. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
What<br/>
to do?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Let’s<br/>
find a way to break through this crisis. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“What’s wrong?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin<br/>
starts to feel suspicious at my sudden stop that she has to ask. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Even<br/>
if what I need to do is to answer her question, I already spend all my effort<br/>
to think about our current situation.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
----Shall<br/>
we stop moving here? Maybe the monsters ahead of us will turn back by themselves?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
No,<br/>
that was bad. What a wishful thinking! If we choose to move ahead, we have to presume<br/>
that the monsters are still moving towards our direction as well. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
---Shall<br/>
we fight back?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I<br/>
observe the color of Erin’s face. At this critical moment, she is already looked<br/>
tired due to running around. It will be too tough for her to fight the monster.<br/>
Erin is an excellent magician. Nevertheless, to fight the monsters while she is<br/>
exhausted is too much of a gamble. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
----Then<br/>
there is only that other option left. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I<br/>
take a deep breath and strengthen my resolution. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
　<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Sorry, Erin. Looks like we are trapped with the monsters. It’s completely my<br/>
mistake.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Ee?...”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
As<br/>
soon as she heard my confession, Erin’s face turns blue. Before she loses her<br/>
composure again, I continue to speak. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“I want you to calm down and listen to me. I will activate <<Stealth>><br/>
and we are going to bypass those monsters.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“What do you say…?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Listen to me. I will use <<Stealth>> to erase our presence. Then<br/>
we are going to move ahead.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Can you do that…?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“This will be my first time to do it. I think it will be fine if I walk along<br/>
the edge of the path by the wall.” <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“You want to do nothing else and hide? Once they discover us, we will be over<br/>
right away!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“That’s right. If we are found, then we’ll be done. But if they can’t find us,<br/>
it will be fine.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“But-!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“I think this is the only plan that has the highest chance for us to survive.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Why can’t we fight? Are they too powerful to beat with a single shot spell<br/>
attack?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
“Yeah,”<br/>
I said. While slightly closing my eyes, I nod to confirm Erin’s words. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“There is only one monster exists on the path ahead of us, but there are<br/>
swarms of them behind us. If you attack the one ahead of us with a spell,<br/>
the monsters that are behind us will move toward our direction. It is safer to<br/>
use <<Stealth>> to erase our presence and pass by the monster ahead of us. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin<br/>
is looking at me with her tremble eyes and said, “Can I believe in you, Note?<br/>
If you fail, both of us will die. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
This<br/>
is it, the critical moment to persuade her. I fix my gaze unto her eyes and<br/>
answer her. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“It will be fine. Believe in me. It will definitely go well. It will go very<br/>
smoothly, so please calm down.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It’s<br/>
not wishful thinking. But this is also not completely a bluff. I have been<br/>
learning the <<Stealth>> art from Jin for about 4 months. I have<br/>
been practicing <<Stealth>> seriously. I can swear on it. At the<br/>
moment, I should be more skillful than a thief. It has to be. After all, a top-notch<br/>
assassin like Jin has been exhorting all of his spare time and effort to teach<br/>
me.  Although I am a Mapping user, I’m<br/>
still a thief of the group Arrivers. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Even<br/>
if I cannot do it, I still have to get over it. What’s the use of my training<br/>
if I cannot do it? I cannot keep being protected by others. This is my turn to<br/>
protect Erin, the other members of the Arrivers. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I’m<br/>
not completely confident due to my lack of training time. However, I still<br/>
carry some conviction on my own ability. This might be just me overestimate my<br/>
capacity. After all, I did give all of my efforts, so I do have some confidence.<br/>
 Erin submits to my powerful gaze and<br/>
agrees to my plan. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Then I leave it to you. On the other hand, I won’t forgive you if you fail. Even<br/>
if I fall into hell, I will continue to resent you.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It<br/>
seems like I cannot afford to make any mistake. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
Can they escape this predicament easily? Look forward to the next update. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous TOC  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Share<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Get link<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Facebook<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Twitter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Email<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
