<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
February 16, 2020<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 37<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin Fortloord and Her Weaknesses <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator: Masakibluei<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Looking at Erin who is sleeping beside<br/>
me makes me feel irritated. Especially because I wake up from my sleep every time I sense some monsters<br/>
approaching with the <<Search Enemy>> art. The first thing that came to<br/>
my mind when I sense a monster, is to wake her up and run away. However, looking at her tired figure I<br/>
decided not to do so. Since the monster did not come in a herd, I used<br/>
<<Stealth>> so many times to erase our presence. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Therefore, my sleeping time is much less<br/>
compared to Erin’s. Despite having more sleeping time, Erin is still looked weaker<br/>
than me. Looking at her state like that makes me feel a little bit frustrated. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I know that I’m just venting my anger to Erin. I want to blame<br/>
others because I can’t afford it by myself. There has been no progress in getting out of<br/>
this level which spurs out my frustration.  Currently,<br/>
we are moving forward while avoiding the monsters as our high priority. As a<br/>
result, we are not able to make any progress at all. Turning back to the previous path<br/>
where we have just passed by has become daily occurrences. Sometimes we even have to<br/>
make a big detour before we are able to move ahead. It’s not wise to keep<br/>
moving ahead while monsters are scattering everywhere. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
To begin with, we do not even know neither the location of the<br/>
teleportation crystal nor the exit path from this place. I’m going to go crazy<br/>
because of being stuck. The only salvation for this situation is my<br/>
<<Mapping>> skill. By using this skill, I am able to see the path<br/>
ahead and avoid being lost. Gradually I also get to understand the place structure of this level. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Theoretically speaking, if we continue to walk ahead like this,<br/>
we should be able to find a teleportation crystal. Without<br/>
<<Mapping>> skill, we would abandon all of our hope to escape this<br/>
level. This is the first time that my trash skill is useful. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
---Should I have a little bit of sleep? The monsters do not seem<br/>
to come over here for a while. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I take a blanket from the item bag. The blanket is similar to<br/>
the one Erin is using to cover herself. It’s lucky that I have the item bag with<br/>
me. Inside the items bag are groceries and other dungeon exploration supplies.<br/>
Out of the 6 Arrivers members, the items bags are handed only to me and Neme.<br/>
Since we were planning to do only information gathering exploration at the 17th<br/>
floor, there is not much stuff inside the bag. However, it should be enough to<br/>
sustain us for the next several days.  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
At the moment, we are barely able to survive due to this kind of<br/>
luck. Even if there is only one thing that was missed, we would be dead already by now. Currently,<br/>
I can only feel grateful about our current situation. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Huh. Something wakes me up instantly. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I’m shaken by the rising consciousness that arrives suddenly.<br/>
Its monsters. The monsters are coming this way. And it is not only one, but a<br/>
flock. The risk of staying and using <<Stealth>> to hide is too<br/>
high. Soon after, I rush Erin who is still sleeping and wrapped in the blanket<br/>
to wake up. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Oi, Wake up.”<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Um..What?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin rubs her eyelids and turns up her body. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Monsters are coming here. We have to leave now.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “I see…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
“It’s not the time for ‘I see’. We have to leave NOW.” I said<br/>
while pulling her hand to make her awake. There is no light on her eyes. Under<br/>
the dim light of the dungeon, her weakness and gloominess are clearly reflected<br/>
in her eyes. Erin most likely already past her limit. Especially her mental<br/>
state. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
In the past couple of days, there was no confident or her usual<br/>
bullish remark came from her mouth. She only keeps saying that she can’t do<br/>
this or hate this. Furthermore, she has become quieter since we came<br/>
here. Even today, she barely replied if I talked to her. She does not start any<br/>
conversation and once she opens her mouth there are only feeble complaints<br/>
that make me who hear it feel unpleasant. I have been trying to reassure and<br/>
giving her hopes to move forward so I wish she would also do the same for<br/>
me.  Otherwise, my heart will also break<br/>
down. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I thought Erin was a strong and dependable person. But<br/>
apparently, I overestimate her too much. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-----Erin now is completely useless.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Up until now, I have never considered her as a mentally weak<br/>
person. Her presence now has become a little bit of a mental burden for me. I<br/>
snatch Erin’s blanket and toss it away into the items bag. At this time, I grab<br/>
her hand without a pause to hide my irritation and run with her. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
How long have we been running? We have come to a stop because<br/>
Erin has no energy left. At a side glance, Erin is roughly breathing and put her hands<br/>
on both of her knees. For the time being, I consider us to be safe for a while.<br/>
We were able to run away from those monsters. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Can you please fill up some water?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I take a water bottle out of the bag and give it to Erin. Filling<br/>
up the water supplies with <<Water>> spell is Erin’s role. It is a<br/>
fact that we never encounter any water supplies problem because of Erin’s<br/>
magic. Even though she is useless just up to a while ago, she still gives some<br/>
contributions like this. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “…Yes”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin nods lightly and put her hand on her waist. She starts to<br/>
look weird and rubs her body several times like she is searching for something.<br/>
She is turning her neck several times and looking at her waist to confirm. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “…Not here! ...How come!?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
For some reason, I got a bad premonition by looking at her<br/>
frantic expression while she is desperately looking for something.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “What’s wrong?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “The staff! I can’t find my magic staff!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
……………Seriously? Wow.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
More than being angry, I’m more astounded by Erin. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
While on the subject about the magic staff, I remember when Erin<br/>
was sleeping, the magic staff was put aside by the wall. It’s possible that she<br/>
forgot and left it there because she was rushed to run away. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “…The other pair of the magic staff is not in this items<br/>
bag, isn’t it?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “…No. It’s with Neme.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
There are 2 items bag which the Arriver carries for the<br/>
dungeon exploration. Inside the bag that I carry are items belong to me, Jin,<br/>
and Rosalia. Meanwhile, Erin’s items are inside Neme’s bag. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Since she cannot perform any magic, Erin has finally lost her<br/>
only contribution. In this case, she is really useless. I cannot overlook this<br/>
situation;  I have to open my mouth. <br/>
<br/>
　<br/>
<br/>
Note: “It cannot be helped. Perhaps, it was left at the place<br/>
where we rest before. After the monsters leave, Let’s go back and grab it. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “………I’m sorry.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “It’s okay. I’m also at fault for not noticing it too.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Looking at her crestfallen state, I will be overcome by guilt if<br/>
I throw a fit on her. As much as possible, it’s better that I encourage her<br/>
with kind and gentle words.  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 “For now, let’s take some<br/>
rest. The monsters are still around our previous area after all.” I said while<br/>
exchanging the empty water bottle on Erin’s hand with a blanket, “Don’t just<br/>
sleep a little. You haven’t got any sleep, right?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previously when we were sleeping, she was only able to get some<br/>
rest for less than 2 hours. she was awake instantly by me after I sensed a<br/>
flock of monsters. It’s very dangerous to walk around in the dungeon without<br/>
proper rest. <br/>
<br/>
Erin: “…Thanks.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
After receiving the blanket, Erin lays down her body and rest.<br/>
I’m also going to sleep for one hour. After that, I will think about our<br/>
situation. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Being both mentally and physically exhausted, I shortly fall<br/>
asleep. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
I'm stunned by Erin's negligence. The worst things can happen in this situation. Hopefully, things will get better. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous TOC  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Share<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Get link<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Facebook<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Twitter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Email<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
