<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
February 16, 2020<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 38<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Survival Needs<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator: Masakibluei<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Several days have passed since we get back Erin’s staff and once again,<br/>
a new problem has arisen. <br/>
<br/>
It’s a food problem. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I check the inside of the item bag. No matter how many times I look at it, the<br/>
food won’t increase. Looking at the food supplies which are already diminished, I instinctively let out a sigh. After being trapped here<br/>
on the 20th floor for about 10 days long, our food supplies have<br/>
been diminished to the rock bottom.  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Is this Ivy plants can be eaten?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
My absent-minded<br/>
joke is treated coldly. I was trying to lighten up the gloomy atmosphere but<br/>
the result is just the opposite. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “It might be<br/>
possible.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “No way.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “You are<br/>
right. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I let go of the ivy<br/>
branch from my grips. The Ivy branch falls down on the ground without making any<br/>
noise. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Is there<br/>
anything else that we can eat?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:” No…Except<br/>
the monsters…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-----Monster? It<br/>
finally comes to this. I’m pondering about Erin’s words inside of my heart. I<br/>
also have been thinking about it a little bit. The only thing that can be eaten on this floor is<br/>
only those monsters.  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
In this level,<br/>
there are 5 types of monsters that can be found. The first one is the frog<br/>
beast that we first met, a wolf which has a body made out of crystal, A demon<br/>
which holds a trident spear, one-eyed golem, and…countless roots? Or tentacles?<br/>
It’s some kind of vegetation monster that swings its roots. Those are the<br/>
breakdown. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Monster that<br/>
can be eaten…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I mutter while<br/>
racking my brain. Most likely, the wolf and the golem are inedible because<br/>
their bodies are made out of inorganic substances. Can we eat the demon? The frog<br/>
beast and the vegetation monster might be possible as well. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “The frog<br/>
beast and the demon might be edible to eat.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin's sudden declaration makes me feel surprised.  So, I ask her right<br/>
away for confirmation. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Those guys?<br/>
Can be eaten?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Yeah…I get<br/>
to know it from my skill…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Skill?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I ask her again to<br/>
get more explanation. If I’m not mistaken, Erin’s skill is …<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “The<br/>
<<Cooking Small>> skill. One of the special effects of this skill<br/>
is to get to know if something is edible to eat at once glance.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “So there is<br/>
a splendid way of using that skill…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Ignoring the usual<br/>
mood where she usually gets mad when her cooking skill is mentioned, she<br/>
continues her explanation. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Well. Since<br/>
some several methods to cook them come to my mind, I think if we cook them properly with the methods which are provided by my skill, they can be eaten.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “How about<br/>
the vegetation monster?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:” It’s<br/>
poisonous so it's impossible.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I see. So that’s<br/>
how it is. Those two are the only things that are edible. According to her<br/>
skill which is able to distinguish edible ingredients, those two are our only options. There<br/>
is nothing else that can be eaten at this level. Gradually we have to make up<br/>
our resolution. It is easier to say than you think. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Erin, let’s<br/>
fight the monster.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
This is something<br/>
that I have been vaguely thinking about. In conclusion, it is impossible for us to break out<br/>
from this level without fighting the monsters. However, these past several days,<br/>
the behavior of the girl who is with me does not support this idea. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “……What do<br/>
you say?” <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin’s eyes are<br/>
opened wide as she cannot believe what I said. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “…You are<br/>
joking right?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “No, I really<br/>
mean it.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
As she looks into<br/>
my eyes, she can sense my determination. Out of disbelief, Erin takes a step<br/>
back. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Consider it<br/>
again! Stop thinking such an idiotic plan!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Erin, you<br/>
are the one who has to think it through again. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I keep looking<br/>
straight at Erin. I already decided that I will stick with my opinion. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “At this<br/>
rate, it’s only a matter of time that we will soon run out of our food supplies<br/>
and starving to death. I think we should fight now before we totally run out of<br/>
the food. Before our conditions are getting worse due to hunger, we have to do<br/>
it now.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The other reason<br/>
why I have been holding this thought is because we need some extra time. We have<br/>
to be in a perfect condition to hunt the monsters at this level hence, I wanted<br/>
to wait until our chance is good. Before we really run out of food, we have to carry<br/>
out this plan. I just want to go away with ‘It cannot be helped that we do not<br/>
have food. We don’t have a chance but let’s fight!’ and persuade Erin to follow through with my plan. This strategy is going<br/>
along with our current situation where we are avoiding the monsters, exploring the level until we run out of food,<br/>
searching for the teleport crystal, and finding an exit. I keep these points<br/>
down already to persuade Erin. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “You don’t<br/>
want to die, right? Then let’s fight.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I know that this is<br/>
a sly persuasion. I consciously take her own will and decision making like this. Speaking<br/>
of this, I certainly nod my head at her to raise her conviction.<br/>
Unsurprisingly, Erin reacts as what I have expected. As I took advantage of<br/>
Erin’s disposition to let others decide for her, I can’t ever blame her. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:” Okay, I get<br/>
it. Then, how are we going to fight?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “The target<br/>
would be the frog beast. In the first place, we only have two options, the frog<br/>
beast, and the demon. Between the two of them, I prefer to attack the frog beast<br/>
since it always acts alone. Moreover, there are a lot of them.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin silently<br/>
listens to my explanation. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “What if we<br/>
use a magic trap to defeat them? If it works out, it will be the fastest and safest way to do. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I remember about<br/>
Erin’s magic trap during my previous training for <<Trap Release>><br/>
skill and blur it out from my mouth. But Erin shakes her head. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
Never see that coming, Erin's small cooking skill comes with a useful extension package. Anyway, this chapter proves that hunger wins over everything. Overall, I'm glad that they did not turn to eat each other XD. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous TOC  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Share<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Get link<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Facebook<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Twitter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Email<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
