<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
February 23, 2020<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 39<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The Hunt Begins<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator: Masakibluei<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Using magic trap is useless. It’s a<br/>
different story if you pour a huge amount of magical power into the trap. Supposing that you only put a small amount of magical power, it will only gather the monsters<br/>
around. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It’s not a good idea, huh……I thought it will<br/>
work………<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “To begin with, magic trap is<br/>
inefficient. Trap magic needs to be activated to unleash its power and in order to keep it going for<br/>
a long time, we need a lot of magical power sources. Moreover, if you compare<br/>
with the same amount of magical power that is used to maintain it, magic trap attacking<br/>
power is weaker. That’s why we need to invest a double amount of magical power in<br/>
order to give the monster some serious damage.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Then how<br/>
much magical power do we need to keep the trap on while not attracting a flock<br/>
of monsters at the same time? “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “I’m not<br/>
really sure about the detail…I don’t even know this floor monster’s stamina to<br/>
begin with. But since you have <<Stealth>> skill, maybe you can<br/>
assist me to attack them.” <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
What shall we do?<br/>
Should we proceed with the magic trap?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
For a moment, I’m<br/>
reminded of the Frog Beast. Those thick legs seem to capable of jumping really<br/>
high. I was thinking to spread a lot of magic traps on the ground to catch the<br/>
frog beast before. I thought it was a good idea but maybe not. If the frog beast gets<br/>
into the trap, it certainly would be able to escape easily with its powerful<br/>
jump. By any chance, if the frog beast is able to jump out from the magic traps<br/>
area and escape, there would be nothing that we can do. However, the only choice that<br/>
remains for us to procure food supplies is to take a risk like that. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Rather than that,<br/>
first we will activate the magic trap to constraint the monster’s movement.<br/>
Then Erin will give her direct attack immediately to finish it off. This plan<br/>
is more dangerous compared to the first one, but we have no other choice.  It’s still a safer plan than only putting Erin<br/>
to directly attack the monster with her magic. This is already a compromise<br/>
plan. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Erin, can<br/>
you finish off the frog beast in one shot with your magic spell to prevent<br/>
attracting the other monsters?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Yeah…Probably……I<br/>
can do it……”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
For now, the plan<br/>
has already been decided. Essentially, I want to prepare more thoroughly for<br/>
our battle plan. But since we are in a tight situation, it's inevitable. To some<br/>
extent, we have to do it without any rehearsal. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Since I have to<br/>
conceal my presence and my breathing, it becomes really stressful due to the lack of oxygen.  I<br/>
unconsciously expand my lungs to replenish some oxygen. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Soon, our target,<br/>
the frog beast will arrive at the magic trap which we had set on the<br/>
ground.  At the moment, Erin and I are<br/>
waiting for the frog beast to pass by the passage around the corner.  Our hiding spot is quite a distance from the<br/>
magic trap. We are hiding at the 3-junctions where is about 50 meters away from<br/>
the trap. This distance is just right for Erin’s long-range assault specialty. It's also a good distance in case we are unable to finish the monster off. We should still be safe if the monster suddenly charge towards us with long-distance attacks. Erin also said that<br/>
this distance should be good enough for a one-shot kill. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “It’s almost<br/>
the time.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The wall prevents<br/>
us to see the frog beast from our spot. But it's not a problem because I have<br/>
the <<Search Enemy>> art. With the map inside my brain, I can<br/>
compare and locate the monster’s exact position. I’m started to get nervous. My<br/>
hands are drenching in sweats. If we fail, we will die. Moreover, our chance of<br/>
failure is not low. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
This is a life or<br/>
death situation. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
This is the first<br/>
time we fight at death’s door.  Will<br/>
everything go smoothly? Should we just stop and drop our plan? I rub my pants with<br/>
the palm of my hand to wipe out all of my doubts. I turn my gaze on Erin who<br/>
should be more nervous than me.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin is the one who<br/>
has to perform the battle plan. Her stress level should be higher than me. Her<br/>
pupils are wide opened and she is clenching her teeth. Looking at her<br/>
condition, I want to ask if she is okay, but the time is pressing. The frog<br/>
beast is just one step away from the trap. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-----Finally, it<br/>
was trapped. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The trap makes a<br/>
sharp clicking sound. This is the signal that the monster fell on Erin’s ice<br/>
magic trap. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Erin!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin’s twin tails twitch<br/>
from hearing my call. Erin who was holding magical power until the last minute with her staff is going out from her hiding spot. She tries to strike the monster<br/>
without giving it any time to retaliate. I’m also going to follow her<br/>
afterward. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “<<Light<br/>
Blade Magic Art>>!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
A fleeting light is<br/>
formed from the tip of Erin’s magic staff. The light attack is launched toward<br/>
the frog beast at the speed that cannot be flattered. Meanwhile, the frog beast’s feet are<br/>
solidly frozen and unable to move. It appears to be unable to avoid the light<br/>
attack. The light plunges toward the frog beast’s emerald green body. Soon after, the frog beast's body is being cut to pieces by the light blade<br/>
attack. The light blade is pointed to all kinds of directions which makes the dark blue blood of the frog beast are sprayed against the wall. In front of me, Erin<br/>
starts to relax after she thinks that the fight is settled. <br/>
<br/>
Suddenly, a hunch comes to my mind. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-----No. Its not<br/>
finished yet. The fight is still far from over yet.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Hostile aura is<br/>
still creeping out from the body of the frog beast who is on the verge of<br/>
dying. This monster is still persistent to live. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“<<Withdraw>>, <<Withdraw>>, <<Withdraw>>,<br/>
<<Withdraw>>, <<Withdraw>>, <<Withdraw>>!!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I reflexively<br/>
shouted <<Withdraw>> so many times. Then, I instantly hold Erin’s body in my arm and rush to escape. <br/>
<br/>
We have to<br/>
getaway farther, farther than here, I thought so to myself. <br/>
<br/>
Actually, I don’t know what is going to happen. The consequence is unimaginable. But I know one thing for sure, If I did not escape<br/>
right away, I would die. I just escape based on pure instinct. When I finally get a grip on the whole situation,<br/>
there is a sword pointed right in front of my eyes and nose. It was closed by 1<br/>
cm to my face. I am mute in amazement as I look at the tip of the sword that is<br/>
standing still.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
This is not a<br/>
sword. It’s a tongue. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I realize that the<br/>
frog beast was trying to pierce my face by extending its tongue. Fortunately, I just thought<br/>
to get away from the monster as far as I can……To think that it was pretty safe from our previous spot. My<br/>
speculation was completely out of the mark. I let out a dry laugh as I<br/>
reconsider the whole situation.  I didn’t<br/>
think that the frog beast has a hidden long-range attack technique.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If we were late to<br/>
jump away by one second. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If one of my<br/>
<<Withdraw>> is not activated.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Then I would have been<br/>
stabbed by this time. <br/>
My thoughts are filled with those horrors.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Suddenly, I hear<br/>
the breaking sounds of the ice trap and it makes me return to my sense. Apparently, the<br/>
frog beast with all it’s might, is trying to break away from the trap. The<br/>
sounds of the breaking ice are the signal. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Erin,<br/>
quickly cast another spell!” <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I forcefully open<br/>
the narrow airway to my lungs and squeeze out my voice to scream at Erin. Due to my scream, Erin<br/>
finally regains her sense back. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Aaa…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
While being<br/>
impatience, Erin fills up her magic into her magic staff. The spell is ready at<br/>
the same time the frog beast breaks free from the trap. With a sound, the frog<br/>
beast jumps like a bullet. Erin shuts her eyes while casting a lightning attack. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
After violent<br/>
noises, the frog beast go head to head into the lightning and burst off. Pieces<br/>
of roasted frog beast meat are spreading in front of my eyes. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “---That was<br/>
dangerous…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
We look at the<br/>
scattered bodies on the ground and reaffirm that the frog beast is completely<br/>
dead. I fall down on the ground out of relief. I turn my eyes on Erin and she<br/>
is also collapsed on the ground with a complex feeling. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Let’s move<br/>
quickly to a place where we can eat.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Looking at the<br/>
carcass of the frog beast’s dead body makes my appetite decrease by one<br/>
degree. Actually, since it was killed with a flashy lightning attack, there is<br/>
barely any body parts left of the frog beast that can be eaten. However, this was<br/>
a prey that we risked our own life to hunt. There is no way that we can desert it<br/>
before our own eyes. We should retrieve all the edible parts before other<br/>
monsters come and make a commotion. Fortunately, there is no sign of monster<br/>
coming to our location. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I take out a knife<br/>
from the items bag and hand it over to Erin. The role for stripping the meat fall on<br/>
Erin who has the skill to know which body parts of the frog beast that can be<br/>
eaten. In the meantime, I keep looking out for the movements of the nearby<br/>
monsters with <<Search Enemy>> skill. After she finishes collecting<br/>
the meats, she freezes with her ice magic and gives it to me. I obediently<br/>
accept it and put it into the items bag. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “With only<br/>
this much, why the heck did we work hard to blow it…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I blurted out those<br/>
words unconsciously without any consideration. I did it spontaneously without any hidden<br/>
meaning. I was just trying to start a conversation. However, the moment I<br/>
realize my slip of tongue, I have no time to retort it back. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “I can’t do this<br/>
anymore…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
As I notice the<br/>
grief in her voice, I raise my head to see her. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-----She is. Erin<br/>
is. Crying. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
An intense chapter. Too bad about the meat. They worked hard for it but they didn't gain as much as their effort. See you next week. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous TOC  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Share<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Get link<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Facebook<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Twitter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Email<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
