<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
March 15, 2020<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 42<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Her Truth and Confession<br/>
<br/>
Translator: Masakibluei<br/>
<br/>
I’m shock from<br/>
hearing the truth from Erin. At that time, I found an objective to move forward from my meaningless<br/>
life because of the Arrivers’ self-introduction. But that precious memory is<br/>
actually mixed with lies. As a result, I feel a little bit sad because I was<br/>
betrayed. But her confession does not stop here. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“There are other things too. Especially, this is about you, Note….”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Me?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Yes. Actually, in the past, I wanted you to get out of our group…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“In the past……Is this about the time when you were mad at me and told me that I<br/>
was lazy……?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Not that one. From the beginning. From the moment you joined us……no, more<br/>
precisely, even before you joined.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
When<br/>
I peer into Erin’s eyes pupil, the contents of her eyes are void. She already exhausted all<br/>
of her emotions and what is left inside of her is only emptiness. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“I hate a person who likes to sell out about himself like my previous<br/>
classmates. Because of having a useless skill, you abased yourself. You also have<br/>
the tendency to be jealous of others. Therefore I did not want to be influenced by a<br/>
miserable person like you. I thought, since everyone in the group are top class<br/>
adventurers, it would work out somehow for me. However, you barged in and joined the<br/>
group with your dirty feet. So, I decided to force you out. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Forcing me out…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“You got some ideas about it, right? I told you in the kitchen when we met for<br/>
the first time. I was against the idea of you joining the party. During the<br/>
false charge of kidnapping with Neme too. Don’t you think I was too harsh on<br/>
you? During that incident, I finally found an excuse to force you out. Even if it was against your<br/>
will, I tried to force you out. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
My<br/>
memories with Erin at that incident start to change its color a little bit. At that time, had<br/>
she thought like this as well? Was that how she truly felt? I come to realize<br/>
that I really do not know and understand Erin at all. I only had been looking<br/>
at her superficial appearance. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“I kept my cold attitude to you for this reason. But I was wrong. Note was<br/>
different from my classmates. Furthermore, you are far stronger and more decent<br/>
than me who tried to put you into turmoil. “ <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“I am a decent and strong person?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I<br/>
want to open my mouth to rebuke but Erin stops me and continue speaking. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Yes. When I was running away and continue to spend time lazily, Note, you<br/>
faced your own weaknesses and worked really hard to change it. Since I joined<br/>
Arrivers, I never practiced my spell even once, but you were learning and<br/>
practicing arts all the time. Then you have improved, but I haven’t changed at<br/>
all. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“I am not a person who deserves such compliments. If I fight with Erin, Erin is<br/>
much stronger……”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“I am a weak person. Even if I win with my skill, there is no meaning if I lose<br/>
my heart. For a human being, talent is necessary, but effort is even more<br/>
important. Even if you have a rare talent, without putting any effort it will<br/>
become pointless. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Her<br/>
confession is nearly finished. She already spilled out all of her feelings and<br/>
she also spoke about everything that she wanted to say. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“You do have talent. A talent for putting all of your efforts. And also, a<br/>
talent to keep moving ahead. I’m sure you will achieve a great accomplishment<br/>
in the future. I guarantee. That’s why, leave me here and find a way to get out<br/>
from this floor by yourself. Certainly, you will be fine by yourself. It might<br/>
be easier to get out of this place without me. Although I don’t want to die<br/>
alone in this dark place, I will bear with it. This kind of death is worthy for<br/>
a person like me who keeps on hurting others. “ <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Why did you say that! Let’s go together……”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“I can’t do it anymore. I already lost all of my heart. Just leave me here.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
By<br/>
looking at her pleading eyes, I finally get to know her real nature. At last.<br/>
At last, I’m able to understand her. Her real feelings and her real perception<br/>
about me. I start to speak to rebuke her opinion. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“It’s not true. I’m just lucky. I was able to changed because I met Arrivers.<br/>
That’s all. I was the one who by chance joined the Arrivers, unlike you Erin. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin<br/>
is just like my old self. She is just like me before I met the Arrivers. I was<br/>
filled with guilt of hurting Miya. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“I used to be exactly like you. I was a weak person. I refused to face my own<br/>
weaknesses. But I met the Arrivers and it changed me. That was the only<br/>
difference. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“In my case, I did not change at all after I joined the Arrivers! I could not<br/>
change myself! Because I’m a weak person! You are different! You are able to<br/>
change yourself because of your own effort! Meanwhile, it’s my own fault that I<br/>
cannot change myself!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“No! You are not bad, Erin! People can change for better or worse after meeting<br/>
someone else. But it depends on who you met and how they influence you. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I<br/>
become emotional as I gaze into Erin’s eyes intensely. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“For me, the Arrivers is my salvation, but for Erin, the Arrivers is not your<br/>
salvation. It’s just a slightly misplaced button. If the situation and the<br/>
timing are slightly different, the result might be the opposite. A future where<br/>
Erin has changed while I have not changed at all might exist. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I<br/>
got a trash skill and betrayed my childhood friend.<br/>
<br/>
While Erin<br/>
got an amazing skill, she betrayed her only friend. <br/>
<br/>
Then I<br/>
was able to slightly change my miserable self after I joined the Arrivers. <br/>
<br/>
While<br/>
Erin had not changed at all since she joined the Arrivers. <br/>
<br/>
We<br/>
are really helplessly similar. Although we are similar, we proceed in the<br/>
opposite direction. It’s such a pity. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Right<br/>
now, she still feels frustrated. She has not been able to release her anguish.<br/>
I understand because we are similar. The frustration was gnawing at my own<br/>
heart. I denied myself and nearly erased my own self. It was striking and<br/>
unbearable pain. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Inside that desperation, Erin who has no salvation and wants to die is really<br/>
pitiful. I won’t let Erin die while having a grudge on her own life.<br/>
Especially not in this place. I really wish for her well being because I can<br/>
understand her despair. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“That’s why Erin surely will be able to find salvation like me if you choose<br/>
to live on. I really hope that you do.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
In<br/>
a world where a small wish like this is hard to realize, salvation might be a<br/>
little too much to hope for.  A world<br/>
where a girl has to deny herself and die alone has to be a mistaken one. I<br/>
won’t acknowledge it even little bit. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“You keep on saying about staying alive……But I can’t get out from this floor. I<br/>
have no confidence to do so…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“It’s okay, even if you don’t have any confidence. I’ll take Erin out from this<br/>
dungeon. No matter what kind of method or sacrifice that I need to do, I will<br/>
help you to return. Which is why I want you to believe in me. You can do it,<br/>
right? After all, you told me that I am a strong person. You acknowledged me. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin<br/>
who is influenced by my smile starts to raise the corner of her lips. This is<br/>
her first real smile since she came into this level. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“You foolish……”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“It’s fine being foolish. Let’s go home together. To the Purith town where<br/>
everyone is waiting for us.” <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
A closure for their relationship. There are a couple of chapters left before the end of book 2. <br/>
<br/>
Previous TOC  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Share<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Get link<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Facebook<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Twitter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Email<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
