<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
March 22, 2020<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 43<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Live Continues on the 20th Floor<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator: Masakibluei<br/>
<br/>
Ten days may have<br/>
passed since I swore to bring Erin back home. Actually, I don’t know how much time has exactly passed because we are currently in the dungeon. Perhaps, we have been stuck here in the<br/>
20th level floor for about a month. <br/>
Even if we are in such a desolate situation right now, we are still lucky to be<br/>
alive. Without any serious injuries, we are stumbling to find a way<br/>
to escape from this level on our feet.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I hold tight my<br/>
hands a couple of times. <br/>
<br/>
It’s going to be<br/>
fine. I still have some energy. I can still do it. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I send a hand<br/>
signal to Erin who can be seen at the front right before the 3 intersections. A<br/>
monster is walking from the other road and coming to this way. The moment it<br/>
walks into the trap which we had set up beforehand, I give her the signal. The<br/>
girl who is standing on a dark road seems to notice my signal. Despite the low<br/>
visibility, she quickly replies with a big nod. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
PACK. Large cutting<br/>
sounds which are ten times louder than the sound of tree branch breaking can be<br/>
heard. Apparently, the monster falls into the trap. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
“------------sh”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I step out to maintain<br/>
the space. I dash to the street corner and turn around immediately. It’s the<br/>
Frog Beast. His feet are trapped inside the ice and he is struggling to break<br/>
out. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
------<<Shrinking<br/>
Space>><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I shorten my<br/>
distance with the Frog Beast. This is an art which Jin usually uses. The<br/>
instant it sees me drawing closer, the Frog Beast jumps slightly and its body<br/>
starts to tremble. This is a basic technique for the moment when you encounter<br/>
a monster. The object that the monster sees for the first time will naturally be<br/>
its target. By using this technique, it is determined that the monster will<br/>
completely focus its attention on me. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
A light pink arrow<br/>
is released at a high speed. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
---------<<Evasion<br/>
Streamline>><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Next, I activate<br/>
the evasion art which I have seen a couple of times before being thrown into this<br/>
20th floor. I use this art to avoid being pierced by the Frog<br/>
Beast’s sharp tongue. As I avoid the tongue on the brink of time, saliva is<br/>
dropping from the mouth. I move my body as I float and pass through the Frog<br/>
Beast’s right side. When I passed through it, my sight was in line with its<br/>
yellow eyes. Soon after, a ball of light is lighting the front profile of the<br/>
Frog Beast in the trajectory where I was moving along before. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
That is Erin’s<br/>
spell, <<Light Blade>>. Anyone who is soaked by the light, will be<br/>
pierced numerous times by light blades from the inside of its body. In the<br/>
blink of eyes, the amphibian’s body is pierced by multiple light blades.<br/>
However, the Frog Beast is still standing from the attack. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
From the previous<br/>
experience, I have learned that this degree of injuries won’t kill it yet. This 20th-floor monster is truly appropriate to live in an environment<br/>
where humankind are unable to reach. The monster’s stamina is particularly high.<br/>
It is quite difficult for Erin to put a good amount of magical power into one<br/>
single attack to subdue the monster while considering the surrounding area and<br/>
maintaining the far distance from the monster.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
This is the turning<br/>
point. <br/>
<br/>
---------Absolutely.<br/>
Kill it. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I pull out all of<br/>
my bloodlust and charge toward the Frog Beast.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<<Bloodlust>>.<br/>
This is one of the main arts of an assassin. I haven’t seen Jin using this art<br/>
that much. Maybe only once or twice. I rely only on my own intuition to do this<br/>
art, but I still have some confidence that I will succeed. Other than learning<br/>
art by mimicking others on how to do it, art can also be learned naturally as<br/>
you apply it with your whole body. In addition, with my frequent<br/>
<<Stealth>> art training, I’m also quite confident in manipulating<br/>
my own presence. <<Bloodlust>> is the opposite of<br/>
<<Stealth>> which is also easier to learn.  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The Frog Beast’s<br/>
attention which has changed to Erin who is at its front, turns back towards me because of my <<Bloodlust>>.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Yosh. It works out.<br/>
I succeed in changing its target. While holding my fist inside, the Frog<br/>
Beast’s launches the tongue attack. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I don’t feel any<br/>
concern about it. At the moment, the Frog Beast’s movement is restricted by the<br/>
trap. Henceforth, it is unable to turn its body properly.  Consequently, the<br/>
tongue goes behind me and misses the target. This kind of assault can be<br/>
avoided easily with <<Avoidance Streamline>> art. I evade the<br/>
tongue attack one after another. I avoid all the attacks carefully and handle<br/>
the whole situation in a calm manner. As I dodge the next assault, I raise my<br/>
right hand to signal Erin. Soon after that, Erin discharges the second spell to<br/>
finish the Frog Beast for good. The ice spear which comes from the spell goes<br/>
through the Frog Beast’s head and kills it. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Yosh. Well<br/>
done. Thanks.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I give Erin who has<br/>
done well some words of appreciation. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
“You welcome,” Erin<br/>
replies with a small voice. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
First, once the<br/>
monster is caught on the trap, Erin will cast one spell to give it some<br/>
injuries. Next, I will use some arts to draw its attention from Erin. Then Erin<br/>
will cast the second spell as the finishing blow. It was exactly as our plan. I<br/>
move my shoulder to express my satisfaction of the result. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I become used to<br/>
fight with the Frog Beast.  My art skills<br/>
also have improved from each fight and now I can use it easily in the same way<br/>
as I move my own body. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I hand over a knife<br/>
to Erin so she can cut the Frog Beast’s meat. Her stripping meat technique has<br/>
also improved considerably. This is probably proof that she has got<br/>
accustomed to the life on the 20th floor. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I talk to Erin who<br/>
is still working with a sense of security for our present situation. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Then, let’s<br/>
take a break after this?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Ok. If that<br/>
is the case, I have to finish it quickly. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Although her<br/>
condition is not the same as before we landed on this 20th floor,<br/>
Erin replied with a slight energetic tone. Comparatively, her mental condition<br/>
may have been stabilized a lot. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
There is a big<br/>
difference from our first fight with the Frog Beast. It feels like the heavy<br/>
mood had disappeared between us. The change brings up a sense of security and confidence. After Erin finishes<br/>
tidying up, we move around to find a place to rest. Since the monsters are<br/>
unlikely to approach this place, we might be able to get some sleep here. I lay<br/>
my tired body down, and Erin also does the same thing.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Are you<br/>
okay, Erin?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I ask her while<br/>
observing her facial expression. She responds to my question as she stretches out<br/>
her hands in front of her chest. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “What do you<br/>
mean by ‘Are you okay’?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “That’s……well<br/>
about everything.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Aa……well… I<br/>
can’t say that I have completely recovered…But I feel a little bit relax. It<br/>
thanks to you, Note.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin turns with a<br/>
wry smile. She looks a little bit shy. She seems to start to remember her<br/>
emotional outbreak from that time and becomes a little bit uncomfortable. Thus,<br/>
she continues to speak in a rush.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Aa…But my<br/>
feet start to hurt. Because of walking all the time. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
She laments as she<br/>
takes off her shoes. The shoes which are laying on the ground are considerably<br/>
ragged due to the scratches from walking every single day. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “The shoes<br/>
are already at the limit, huh.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Yeah. It’s<br/>
such a pain that there is no spare.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Inside of my item<br/>
bag, there are only some spare items for me, Rosalia and Jin. Erin’s spare<br/>
items are inside Neme’s item bag. Therefore, there is no replacement for Erin’s<br/>
shoes. In regards to shoes, size really matters a lot compared to other clothing<br/>
items. Thus Erin can probably use Rosalia's spare clothing in my bag. However, Rosalia’s outerwear and even stockings too are really not a<br/>
good fit for Erin. Erin continues to lament as she takes off the thin and dirty<br/>
socks from her feet. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Uwaaa. It’s<br/>
really getting worse.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin’s barefoot has<br/>
turned red and worn out in some places. It’s because she has been using the<br/>
ragged shoes. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “For the time<br/>
being, should I help you to clean it first? If we leave it as it is, the germs<br/>
will come into the wounds.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Yeah.<br/>
Please.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
With that being<br/>
said, Erin lays her feet on top of my knee. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
Note and Erin have come to terms with each other, but they are still stuck on the 20th floor. They make a good combat pair. <br/>
<br/>
To everyone who read my translation, take care of yourself and your family. We are living in a strange world right now, but please don't be discouraged! Stay safe, stay healthy! My condolence for everyone who experiences loss from COVID-19. My heart and prayer will go with you. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous TOC  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Share<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Get link<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Facebook<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Twitter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Email<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
