<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
March 29, 2020<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 44<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The Closing Distance Between the Two<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator: Masakibluei<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Afterward, I take<br/>
out a towel from the item bag. I immediately squeeze the towel which has been<br/>
moistened with Erin’s water spell and start to wipe Erin’s open wounds. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “---Ouch.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Don’t move<br/>
around.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
“I can’t help<br/>
it. It stings. “ said Erin while she inflates her cheeks. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Although she looks mad, actually she is not the type who gets mad<br/>
easily. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “But, I’m<br/>
still grateful that we still have big sister Neme’s recovery spell on us. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Un. But<br/>
because we rely too much on her spells, I do not bring any first aid kit with<br/>
me.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Well, we<br/>
don’t need to bring something that we don’t really need after all…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Having said that,<br/>
suddenly I thought that from the past couple of days, I have been getting closer<br/>
to Erin. The old Erin would never let me take care of her leg injuries, and she<br/>
would get mad instantly the moment she fell any pain. Particularly, just like<br/>
now, I'm able to have a normal conversation with her without getting any complaint.<br/>
This is a big change. This is probably evident that she has opened her<br/>
heart to me. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
In the past, she<br/>
did not allow anyone to get close to her in order to protect herself. However,<br/>
I cannot see any rejection in her current speeches and conducts. On the<br/>
contrary, I feel the physical distance between the two of us is reduced because<br/>
she has opened up to me. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previously, whether<br/>
we were sitting down or taking some rest, we stayed far from each other. Nowadays,<br/>
we mostly sit close by each other to the point where our shoulders would come into<br/>
contact with each other, just like our current position. Furthermore, I do not<br/>
feel unpleasant or any kind of other weird feelings about our distance. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Perhaps, after<br/>
listening to her confession, I also have opened my heart to her. To be honest,<br/>
although I respect all the other members of the Arrivers a lot, up until now, I<br/>
don’t feel close to all of them at all. I always have regarded them as<br/>
people who come from different worlds. I thought that they walk on a different<br/>
path from me who is an extremely ordinary person. However, after the confrontation<br/>
with Erin, I found out that we are actually quite similar. Both of us have some<br/>
setbacks and regrets. Thus, I feel closer to her as a companion with the same<br/>
issue.  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “It’s done. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Having said that, I<br/>
finished treating her injury with a simple measure of wiping her injuries with<br/>
a wet towel that is soaked in water. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Thank you<br/>
very much. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Actually, this is<br/>
not something that is worth to be thankful for, but I still feel touched by her<br/>
gesture. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “It’s not a<br/>
big deal. I didn’t do anything special. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I’m still not used<br/>
to Erin’s genuine appreciation. I feel a little bit uneasy. Well, it’s still<br/>
better than the harsh remarks that she used to say in the past. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Somehow,<br/>
Erin, you are getting rounder. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “E? Am I<br/>
getting fat? I feel like the opposite. I feel like I’m losing weight.” <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “I did not<br/>
mean that. I mean you become friendlier.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(Translator note:<br/>
In the beginning, Note said ‘丸く’ which means round but it can also be<br/>
interpreted as friendly.)<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Aa… Is that<br/>
so.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin starts to<br/>
ponder without showing any sign that she is mad from my remark. If it was her<br/>
old self, she would reply in a harsh tone, ‘Don’t you just want to say that I’m<br/>
fat?’. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “I really<br/>
feel grateful to Note for this. Probably more than you ever think.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “But I don’t<br/>
remember if I did anything special to deserve your feelings. “  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “You patiently<br/>
listened to my pathetic life story. After that, you also cheered me up. At<br/>
last, you also promised me that we will return together to Purith town. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “I did<br/>
promise you. But I haven’t made any progress so far.” <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Still, I’m<br/>
happy. Moreover, I’m also able to survive up until now because of you. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
As she says that,<br/>
she smiles at me. When I see her honest feelings, I genuinely feel that she is<br/>
actually really cute. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Erin, what<br/>
do you want to do if you are able to get out from the dungeon?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I suddenly ask her<br/>
a question. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Things that<br/>
I want to do…Why do you ask me that?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “If you have<br/>
a goal, you can feel to keep on doing your best.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
In particular, I<br/>
want Erin to live a happy life after we get out of this dungeon. The life in<br/>
the future is longer than the life on this 20th floor. It’s such a<br/>
pity to keep on living while hating yourself. I wish for Erin to live her<br/>
days with hope. For this reason, I want to hear some proof of hopeful feelings that comes from her mouth. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Hmm……Nothing<br/>
comes to my mind…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “I see…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I feel a little bit<br/>
disappointed. Well, finding something that you want to do is not an easy task.<br/>
It’s only a matter of finding it slowly in this long life. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “A! But!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
At a sudden, she<br/>
bursts out while raising her head up. It seems that something has come up to<br/>
her mind. She turns her big and round eyes to me.  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “It may be nothing at all. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “What is it?<br/>
“<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Before I<br/>
answer it, can I ask you one question? Note, will you help me after you hear me<br/>
out?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Of course, I<br/>
will.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I answer her<br/>
without any hesitation. After all, I do want her to be happy. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Well, I want<br/>
a boyfriend.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “I’m<br/>
surprised…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Is that so?<br/>
I never have a boyfriend before, so I really want to experience having one.<br/>
“<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:” That’s nice.<br/>
I will help you. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Well,<br/>
actually, that’s not the kind of help that I want to get from you…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
What did she mean<br/>
by ‘she does not want to get this kind of help’?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Didn’t you ask for<br/>
help? Why did you refuse…?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Or…<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “How about<br/>
you, Note? What do you want to do after getting out of this place?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Well. Many<br/>
things. I also do want a girlfriend.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “What was<br/>
that?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Suddenly Erin<br/>
starts to laugh. Because of that, I also laugh involuntarily. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Is it<br/>
weird?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “No, not at all.<br/>
I just want to laugh. It’s alright. I will also help you out.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “It’s<br/>
reassuring with your help, Erin. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Me too. If<br/>
you help me Note, it’s the same as my wish has already been granted. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I instinctively<br/>
feel that our feelings are blending together just like our hands which are<br/>
overlapping at the moment.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
They get hitched pretty fast. But perhaps because they have opened up to each other and the current situation makes them bonded. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous TOC  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Share<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Get link<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Facebook<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Twitter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Email<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
