<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
April 05, 2020<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 45<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The Only One Way Out. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator: Masakibluei<br/>
<br/>
This fleeting<br/>
happiness probably would not last forever. However, it can be either a good or a bad thing. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I have checked the roads ahead so many times with my<br/>
<<Mapping>> skill. But it’s<br/>
useless. As I thought, there seems to be no way out. I drop my shoulder down and<br/>
clench my teeth in frustration. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I knew it. The result from my mapping skill only solidifies my conviction that there is no hope for our situation. It’s<br/>
not something that I should be depressed because I knew it already. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I pull out myself<br/>
and lift up my sense of awareness. Then I bring my resolution up to tell the truth<br/>
to the girl who is holding my hand from a moment ago. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Erin, I<br/>
found the transportation crystal.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “………!?<br/>
Really!?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
My right hand is<br/>
pulled as she lifts up her voice. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Is that<br/>
true? We can go home?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I only reply with a<br/>
vague nod to Erin who is instantly delighted when she heard about the<br/>
transportation crystal.  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “It’s true<br/>
that I find the transportation crystal. But it won’t be easy for us to go home<br/>
with it.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “What do you mean?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “In a<br/>
nutshell, in the way to the transportation crystal, there is a Mid Boss of this floor. We<br/>
probably won’t be able to avoid it if we want to go there.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Starting from the<br/>
16th floor, it becomes a gimmick to have a Mid Boss in each floor. I<br/>
sensed its presence with my <<Search Enemy>> art beforehand.<br/>
Furthermore, the Mid Boss’s area is quite large which includes the distance<br/>
between us and the transportation crystal. In this 20th floor, there<br/>
is a short straight path towards the teleportation crystal, but that path is<br/>
inside the Mid Boss’s area. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The path which is<br/>
diverged from the Mid Boss’s area is like a maze.  In other words, if we want to return to<br/>
Purith town, fighting with the Mid Boss is inevitable.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
In the corner of my<br/>
head, I truly wish that we do not need to fight the Mid Boss. But this is our<br/>
last option. After all, we have been stuck in this place for nearly a month. We<br/>
were hoping that the transportation crystal location will be like the 17th<br/>
floor, which is before the Mid Boss area. But in reality, it does not happen<br/>
like that. Henceforth, I try to explain the situation carefully and thoroughly<br/>
to Erin. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “I<br/>
understand.”<br/>
<br/>
Note: “………You do<br/>
not seem to be shocked.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I observe Erin’s<br/>
face to read her reaction. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Well. It’s<br/>
because I decided to believe in you, Note. You promised that we will return<br/>
together.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
There is no doubt<br/>
in her eyes. It’s different from her previous acceptance of our situation.<br/>
There is a bright feeling that can be felt from her. There is no doubt, that<br/>
Erin has started to change. Her changes are also going in a positive<br/>
direction. If she strives to keep on living, she will be able to face her own<br/>
past and change herself properly. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
For this reason, I<br/>
don’t want her to die in this place. I will definitely get her out of this<br/>
floor. It’s my number one wish which I earnestly hope can be realized. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Then, what<br/>
should we do? Do you have any strategy?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
When Erin asked<br/>
that question, I nodded in silence. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “In that<br/>
respect, I do have a strategy. However, our probability of success is very<br/>
low.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “That’s okay.<br/>
I’ll go along with it. Aren’t you the best with strategy, Note?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Thank you.<br/>
Then this is the plan, I will attract the attention of the Mid Boss while I<br/>
want you, Erin goes to the transportation crystal. There are no monsters around<br/>
the path from the Mid Boss’s room to the barrier of the transportation crystal.<br/>
If you are able to pass through the Mid Boss, you will be able to go home. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “You………You<br/>
promised that we will return together…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin’s expression<br/>
looks like she just has been betrayed when she heard my explanation. I feel the grip on my right hand becomes<br/>
tighter. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “It’s not<br/>
like that. I plan to keep my promise.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
As I said that, I<br/>
continue with my explanation. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Certainly,<br/>
there is a high chance that I will die with this plan. Nevertheless, I do not<br/>
want to helplessly die in this place. After Erin is able to safely pass through<br/>
the Mid Boss’s room and arrive at the inside of the transportation crystal’s<br/>
barrier where there are no monsters around, I will also try to slip myself away<br/>
from the Mid Boss and head towards the transportation crystal.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “But If you<br/>
are unable to slip away……”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “I’ll<br/>
probably die. However, this is probably the best plan for us to survive.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin pleads to<br/>
change my mind, “What if the two of us fight it together? Is it not good?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “I don’t<br/>
think it will work. According to my <Search Enemy> art, compared to the<br/>
Last Bost of the 16th floor, the Mid Boss of the 20th<br/>
floor is probably equal or even stronger. It’s too reckless to fight such an<br/>
opponent with only the two of us. That’s why, we should not fight but run away<br/>
to escape.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “……run away?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Yeah. I also<br/>
won’t fight against the Mid Boss from the beginning. I will start with<br/>
activating <<Bloodlust>> to draw its attention to me and then I will<br/>
focus on using my <<Avoidance>> art to spare you some time. This is<br/>
easier to do than fighting against the Mid Boss. “ <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Over the past few<br/>
days, my avoidance art has been sharpened from the fights against the Frog<br/>
beast. Personally, I don’t think that our chance of success is close to<br/>
nonexistent with this plan. Moreover, I have been practising against the fastest adventurer, Jin while he is using his <<Shadow>> art before. Thanks<br/>
to this, now I am able to track the 20th floor monster’s attack very<br/>
clearly and I am also able to move faster against them. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
However, I feel<br/>
that my progress is not only due to the practices with Jin. My reflects has<br/>
been sharpened greatly because of continuedly being exposed with the terror of<br/>
death. I really believe that compare to the old me, my skill has greatly<br/>
increased. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
When I first joined<br/>
the group and went to the 1st floor together with the group, Force<br/>
told me that Jin has so many tough experiences and he also has survived through<br/>
so many nearly death experiences. And those are the secrets of his strength. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Now, I finally<br/>
understand the meaning behind Force’s words. Certainly, being exposed to so<br/>
many nearly death experience has made me grow as a fighter. I don’t know the<br/>
speed of the Mid Boss until I go against it, but it’s still worth a try. <br/>
<br/>
　<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “I really<br/>
believe in Note…Please don’t die……”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Don’t worry.<br/>
We will absolutely survive and go home together…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
In the end, there is another hurdle that they have to pass before they can go back together. This will be an intense battle. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous TOC  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Share<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Get link<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Facebook<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Twitter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Email<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
