<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
April 12, 2020<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 47<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Promise For a Kiss<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Parched noises can<br/>
be heard as I crack the join of my neck. This is probably the proof that my<br/>
body stiffens. There is no soft mattress on the 20th floor. Hence,<br/>
I slept on a blanket which I laid on top of the hard floor. It’s absolutely<br/>
because of that. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Actually, we do<br/>
have proper sleeping equipment for dungeon exploration. However, we decided<br/>
to use only the minimum equipment to sleep in order to ease our packing<br/>
whenever we have to withdraw from the monsters’ sudden assault. 　<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-----Except for<br/>
that, there is no particular problem. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I examine the<br/>
condition of every corner of my whole body. Due to activating my <<Search<br/>
Enemy>> art all the time, I slept very light. However, it is not a<br/>
problem at all. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Instead, I feel<br/>
very much awake by the excitement of the upcoming decisive battle. At the<br/>
passage ahead, by the center of the wide-open room, a massive enemy has<br/>
maintained a stance to prepare for our encounter. Because of the distance<br/>
between our location and the Mid Boss, I can only see it as big as a<br/>
speck. Despite the size, the immense level of power and threats which it carries can be<br/>
bitterly understood due to the <<Search Enemy>> art. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Starting from now,<br/>
I am going to challenge the Mid Boss of the 20th floor. Being up to for the<br/>
challenge does not mean that I will succeed easily. The plan will go like this:<br/>
while I divert the Mid Boss’s attention to me, Erin will go along the corner of<br/>
the room to escape. After she reaches inside the barrier, I will slip away from<br/>
the Mid Boss and run away. Then, the only thing left that I need to do for complete success is to escape. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Nevertheless, I<br/>
think this plan can be classified as reckless. <br/>
<br/>
The gap between me<br/>
and my opponent is very wide. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Honestly speaking,<br/>
I felt that I won’t be able to make it even if I use all of my arts and skills.<br/>
Although I have become much better at using avoidance and I have been<br/>
successfully using it so many times against the monsters at this 20th<br/>
floor, it might be useless to use it against the Mid Boss. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
------But<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
When I turn my eyes<br/>
on the girl next to me, I can see her silver hair which is usually neatly tied<br/>
in twin tail have loosened and become disheveled. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
During the time<br/>
that she has been lived here on the 20th floor, she cannot take a<br/>
bath. The only thing that she can do as a substitute is to wipe her body with a<br/>
towel which is wetted with water magic. If I take a deep breath, I can smell<br/>
the piercing smells of her sweats coming from her body, and when I clutch her<br/>
hand, I can feel her broken fingernails. Even her skin has become dry. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Her tattered<br/>
condition makes me want to protect her. This thought comes to my mind. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Erin, can I<br/>
say something?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “What is<br/>
it…?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin replied with a<br/>
shaking voice, which sounds like she is anxious at the moment. When I look at<br/>
her, I can see my faces is reflected in her eyes<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Do you<br/>
remember our strategy?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Yes. While<br/>
Note is attracting the Mid Boss’s attention, I will stealthily go along the<br/>
corner of the room to escape. Then, after I reach inside the barrier, Note will<br/>
also make an escape too. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Yup. So, can<br/>
you promise me one more thing?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Sure. But<br/>
what kind of promise?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “No matter<br/>
how dire my situation is, don’t help me out. For example, even if I seem like<br/>
on the verge of dying, don’t cast a spell to help me.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Do you want<br/>
me to abandon you?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin feels<br/>
unsatisfied with my proposal and raised her voice in consequence. She wrinkles<br/>
her eyebrows and exposes her fury. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “That’s not<br/>
it. I will absolutely make it alive and go back with you. To achieve this goal,<br/>
I have to completely focus on dealing with the Mid Boss’s assaults. I will die<br/>
if I am distracted by other things. With this in mind, I wish that Erin will<br/>
refrain from doing anything that can turn its attention to you. “ <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “This is<br/>
really the only reason, right….”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Yes. I want<br/>
you to believe in me. “<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I can’t die in such<br/>
a place.<br/>
<br/>
Because I made a promise<br/>
to her. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I promised her that<br/>
we will return to Purith town together. I also promised to help her realize her<br/>
dream and doing a lot of happy things together. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Okay. I’ll<br/>
believe in you.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
After she examined<br/>
my facial expression, she seems has decided to withdraw and felt relief. Then<br/>
out of sudden, she closes her eyes, lifts up her chin and sticks out her lips. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “What’s…with<br/>
that face…”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Her expression<br/>
looks so funny which makes me instantly burst out in laughter. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Wha, what<br/>
are you laughing at. Just do it quickly.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “What do you<br/>
want to do?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Although I have perceived Erin’s intention, I intentionally feign innocence. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “What I want<br/>
to do……Of co-course I want you to kiss me!!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Sorry,<br/>
actually, I get it.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “If you get<br/>
it, then don’t intentionally ask for an explanation.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin is mad and<br/>
turns her face away from me. Perhaps, due to being embarrassed from her own<br/>
remarks, her ears have turned completely red. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “………Do you<br/>
want to do it? Kissing?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Why are we doing it<br/>
in the dungeon?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Because it<br/>
seemed like the right atmosphere to do it……Don’t you think so?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Certainly, it was<br/>
the right mood. The courses at the event were totally perfect for a kiss. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Moreover,<br/>
don’t you feel that kissing before a deathly battle is rather attractive? It’s<br/>
like a scene from a story.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Surprisingly, you are a romanticist, Erin.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Girls in<br/>
general is a romanticist. Rather than that, let's do it quickly. Are we going to kiss?<br/>
Don’t you want to?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Hmm, maybe<br/>
not.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Eee, eh!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
What<br/>
was that squeaking noises? <br/>
<br/>
How<br/>
surprised are you with that, oi?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“I thought it was the mood for that……Am I wrong? Was I being a painful woman?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
As she said that,<br/>
her eyes start to get teary and her lips are trembling. It becomes irresistible<br/>
to laugh at her weird reaction. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “It’s not<br/>
like that, but your reaction is too weird, Erin. Crap, I can’t hold it<br/>
anymore.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Don’t play<br/>
around with my pure heart!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Sorry, I<br/>
didn’t mean to hurt you.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I quickly bow down<br/>
and apologize to Erin who is already in tears.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “I mean, if<br/>
we kiss and I feel satisfied, then won’t it be easier for me to die during the<br/>
fight with the Mid Boss? Instead, isn’t it better to leave some lingering<br/>
attachment or regrets to push me forward?”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Then, it’s<br/>
not because you hate doing it with me…?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Yeah. I want<br/>
to. I want to kiss you, Erin. So, if we can get out of this place, let’s kiss<br/>
and do other things as well.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Okay, I’ll<br/>
forgive you……Then, it’s a promise. After we get back to Purith town, you will<br/>
kiss me.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “Yeah.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin stares at me<br/>
with her upturned eyes while her face is dyed in red. If this is the last sight<br/>
that I see at the end of my life, I feel like dying without any regret. Well,<br/>
I’m looking forward to kiss Erin, thus I can’t die by all means. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “I’m going<br/>
now.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I release my hand<br/>
which is intertwined with her, and lightly wave it off. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin: “Take care.”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Looking at Erin who<br/>
smiles as she sends me off, I firmly determined to make it alive and go back<br/>
with her. That’s my decision.  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
This lovebird, I wonder what would happen when Rosalia gets to know this.  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous TOC  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Share<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Get link<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Facebook<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Twitter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Email<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
