<br/>
April 19, 2020<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 48<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The Mid Boss of the 20th Floor<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
In the center of my<br/>
field of vision, I can see the Mid Boss’s figure. The Mid Boss’s body is many<br/>
times bigger than me and he is wearing a shining silver armor. In each part of<br/>
the joint of the armor, some dark red smokes are gushing out. The face resembles<br/>
the face of a demon, but I cannot read its facial expression because the shining<br/>
red eyes are the only things that I can see from his face. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The Mid Boss is<br/>
holding a naginata (a Japanese bladed weapon with a long shaft) as its weapon.<br/>
The light reflected by the blade of naginata is much more refined than the<br/>
silver armor. The blade seems awfully sharp. It probably can cut through<br/>
anything by a single light touch. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Aaa, perhaps I<br/>
cannot win against this guy. The closer I get to it, the more I can feel the gap<br/>
between our power. Currently, due to activating the <<Stealth>><br/>
art at the moment, the Armour Warrior does not sense my presence. However, if I go into the<br/>
room just like the way I am now, it will definitely sense me out. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I can still turn my<br/>
back now. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
While thinking such a thought, I step into the room. I go exactly<br/>
under the Armour Warrior. At that exact moment, an intimidating pressure blows<br/>
hard like a storm. The violent rages of the intimidating pressure terrify me. I scold myself for<br/>
my cowardice and release <<Stealth>>. Then I shout to attract the Armour<br/>
Warrior’s attention while intensifying <<Bloodlust>> all out. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note: “I’ll beat<br/>
you!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
While shouting to attract its attention, I start to recall the past events from the past months. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Suddenly getting<br/>
into a predicament of being teleported from 17th floor to 20th<br/>
floor. Then constantly being in fear of death due to the possibility of the monster’s<br/>
attack at any time. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Erin’s metal<br/>
breakdown and the revelation of her past. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Then the last<br/>
challenge, the Mid Boss. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I turn all of my anger and frustration into one and direct it to my adversary. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Don’t let the<br/>
Armour Warrior aims for Erin. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Look only at me. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I’ll make it focuses only at me,<br/>
so come over here. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I put all my body<br/>
and mind into <<bloodlust>> and stabs the Armour Warrior with my<br/>
killing intent. <br/>
<br/>
The enemy in front<br/>
of me seems to respond to my provocation. The Armour Warrior’s eyes come into a<br/>
line with my eyes. Its attention turns completely on me.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
After immediately<br/>
confirming its target using <<Search Enemy>>, I take a step back to<br/>
go further away from it. I have to take a big step, so I use----- <<Rapid<br/>
Movement>> art. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
In one breathe, my<br/>
body begins to accelerate and I leap onto the Armour Warrior’s chest. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[------tsu]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I quickly<br/>
deactivate <<Rapid Movement>>. I stop my acceleration and change my<br/>
feet position with the other. Then I leap directly beside it. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The Armour Warrior’s<br/>
body is turned diagonally forward. Immediately after its movement, a silver arc<br/>
is drawn to the point where it would jump. It’s the flash of the Naginata. The<br/>
line does not stop, but it follows me as if it will suck me in. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[<<Withdraw>>-----------!]<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
As I shout ‘withdraw’,<br/>
I jump backward a couple of times to evade it. I desperately barrage the art so<br/>
many times to avoid the attacks. However, the Armour<br/>
Warrior’s attacks do not cease. Instead, it keeps delivering deathly attack over and<br/>
over again towards me.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If this keep<br/>
going on, I will die.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Step by step, our<br/>
distance is reduced. We are getting closer to the wall behind me. Due to the<br/>
poor situation which is gradually getting worse, I start to get impatient and<br/>
switch art to <<Avoidance>>. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The impact of the<br/>
swift change draws my head in. It also alters my whole balance. My hair is<br/>
fluttering on the air. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It’s so close……………!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I feel the chill of<br/>
the threat of death after being close to the powerful attack of the Armour<br/>
Warrior. My body temperature seems to drop by a dozen degrees. It’s like the<br/>
surface of the skin has frozen. Subsequently, my teeth start to trembling and<br/>
making sounds because of the chills and the dread. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It’s alright. This<br/>
kind of thing is okay. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
In front of the<br/>
opponent, I flaunt my teeth and raise the corner of my mouth. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Behind the Armour<br/>
Warrior, Erin is running to the other side of the room. It seems like the first<br/>
stage of moving the Mid Boss away from the entrance and letting Erin passes through the room has been completed. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Because of the Armour<br/>
Warrior is absorbed in launching assaults against me, it does not sense Erin’s<br/>
movement. I have nothing to worry about. The strategy has been working out nicely.<br/>
When I come to understand our current situation, my body feels lighter. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Despite feeling<br/>
lighter, my physical ability does increase. This situation just solves my<br/>
mental problem. I keep on flaunting <<Bloodlust>> while avoiding<br/>
the continuous assaults by <<Avoidance>>. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I cannot let it<br/>
takes notice of Erin. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Unfortunately, I have already reached my limit. I evade all the attacks base on my suspicion where it<br/>
would go. To put it simply, I just move my body around and luckily avoid the<br/>
attacks. I can no longer see the trajectory of the attack, so I completely rely<br/>
on my instinct. This sense of intuition which I cling now was honed through<br/>
facing against Jin so many times before. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I don’t know how<br/>
long I will last with this reckless move. However, I cannot stop. I have no<br/>
loop to think about consequences. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Right now, even one<br/>
second seems to last very long. <br/>
<br/>
Jump, crouch, approach,<br/>
bend.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I need oxygen. <br/>
<br/>
I want to blink my<br/>
eyes. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
My body has already<br/>
sought for a break.   <br/>
<br/>
It begins to appeal<br/>
for me to stop.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
An intense chapter. We can see that Note actually potential for combat as long as he trains for it. <br/>
<br/>
I want to personally say thank you for all the support and love for the series. All your comments cheer me up during these difficult times. It's easy to get depressed with the whole situation, but let's keep our spirit up. <br/>
<br/>
Thanks for special donators: sorenman1, R, and Aakhsm. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous TOC  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Share<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Get link<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Facebook<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Twitter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Email<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
