[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c49](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/04/hazure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore_27.html)
<br/><br/>
April 27, 2020<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 49<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The Fake Shadow<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator:Masakibluei<br/>
<br/>
I ignore all the<br/>
appeals from my body which has reached its limit. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
One more second, <br/>
<br/>
wait for another second.<br/>
<br/>
I need another second.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I don’t know how<br/>
many times I keep on going like that. I recklessly keep pushing on my body over<br/>
and over again. And finally, I start to lose control over my own body. My body<br/>
has turned into my hateful enemy. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
But you know what? <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Enemy or whatever<br/>
else, I will keep pushing you. You will live and die with me. If I die, then<br/>
you will die too. So be silent, and don’t get me killed. I beat those senses<br/>
into my body. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
As each second<br/>
passed by, I can feel the important function in my body started to shut down.<br/>
I don’t know if I can keep doing <<Withdraw>> anymore. I can’t<br/>
think of anything else. Nevertheless, I use whatever I have left to move my<br/>
feet and body. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
My arm is about to<br/>
break. <br/>
<br/>
My feet are breaking<br/>
down too. <br/>
<br/>
My spine is making<br/>
creaking sound and seems to snap at any time. <br/>
<br/>
Nevertheless, I<br/>
keep intentionally moving my body recklessly. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Why do I keep on<br/>
going this far?<br/>
<br/>
For what? Why?<br/>
<br/>
Even my purpose has<br/>
started to blur from my mind<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
For what reason do<br/>
I have to keep going to avoid these attacks? I can’t seem to remember my<br/>
purpose anymore. Hence, I start to question my own purpose. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
However, those<br/>
things do not matter now. <br/>
<br/>
I drive all those questions<br/>
away from my consciousness. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Multiple assaults<br/>
come and it is followed by other multiple assaults.<br/>
<br/>
I avoid all of it.<br/>
<br/>
Everything<br/>
else has become a trivial matter for me. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The boisterous<br/>
dance of Naginata assaults brings me closer to the brink of death. Despite<br/>
that, I continue to escape from imminent death. Then, I start to lose the<br/>
sense of my limbs and I understand the reason very well. The countdown to the<br/>
end of my life has approached. The Armour Warrior will get a hold and strike me<br/>
down soon. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
How many seconds left<br/>
until that happens? It might be only one second left. A minute? That would be<br/>
impossible. I don’t have that much time left. I might have only 10 or 20<br/>
seconds left, not so far than that. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
--------At that<br/>
moment, I will die. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
That’s why it’s<br/>
already too late to give up. Without stopping <<Withdraw>>, I<br/>
continue to move my body. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I cannot understand<br/>
the reason why I’m doing this anymore. Any kind of logical reasoning has gone<br/>
from my head. All I can think of is to avoid all the assaults that are coming<br/>
after me. Nothing more than that. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Suddenly, despite the decrease in my hearing sense, I hear an explosion sound. The sound wakes<br/>
me up from unconsciousness state. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It was the signal<br/>
that I have been waiting for. It was the sign that Erin has reached inside the<br/>
barrier. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Then another<br/>
dilemma sweeps over me. From now on, how can I get away from this ‘thing’? I<br/>
look up at the Armour Warrior while holding the pessimism inside my heart. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Am I bounded to die<br/>
in a few seconds? <br/>
<br/>
How can I get out<br/>
of this kind of situation? <br/>
<br/>
Nevertheless, I<br/>
leap forward with those unanswered doubts. I will die if I wait anyway. Since<br/>
this is the case, I have to quickly get away from the Mid Boss before I exhaust<br/>
all the little energy that I have left. I take a step without any tactic or<br/>
plan. This reckless action naturally brings me a reward. The silver blade is<br/>
swung down towards me. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-----Aa, I’m going<br/>
to die. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Everything which<br/>
comes into my view has turned into slow motion. At last, I am able to<br/>
understand the movement of the Naginata which I could not follow before. This<br/>
attack will definitely hit my neck. <br/>
<br/>
Is that so? The<br/>
last scene that I can remember is the scene of me walking. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-The Changze’s<br/>
house, where I was born. <br/>
<br/>
-I was walking in<br/>
the wood while holding hands with Miya. <br/>
<br/>
-The parting with<br/>
Miya<br/>
<br/>
-The encounter with<br/>
Jin<br/>
<br/>
-The lively Purith<br/>
town. <br/>
<br/>
-The party house of<br/>
the Arrivers.<br/>
<br/>
-The first time of<br/>
diving into the dungeon at the 1st floor. <br/>
<br/>
-In a dark prison<br/>
<br/>
-The day when I<br/>
went on a date like the situation with Erin to the weapon store. <br/>
<br/>
-Rosalia and the<br/>
radiance of the holy sword.<br/>
<br/>
-The first time I<br/>
saw the vastness of the sea. <br/>
<br/>
-The repeated<br/>
training against Jin. <br/>
<br/>
-The incident in<br/>
the bath with Neme. <br/>
<br/>
-Then the days I<br/>
spent in the 20th floor with Erin. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Important memories<br/>
that cannot be forgotten are flowing out. Among those memories, a scene pops up<br/>
to mind out of instinct. It was not a happy nor a sad memory. However, for some<br/>
unknown reason, I feel something not right with it. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
---That memory was<br/>
my combat training against Jin. <br/>
<br/>
 To be precise, it was his approaching figure<br/>
which came close like a shadow. I had seen it a hundred times and felt it with my<br/>
own body, so I feel like I can do it too. This was probably what Jin had<br/>
expected me to do. To copy and learn it from him. Although this is only a wild<br/>
guess. <br/>
<br/>
I vividly remember<br/>
his movement and move my body accordingly. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
--<<Fake<br/>
Shadow>><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
My field of vision<br/>
turns black. No. Actually, my eyes are following my movement. I already know<br/>
where the attack is coming. All that I have to do is to move my upper body<br/>
part. I have to bend my upper body part to avoid the attack easily. Then at the<br/>
same time, I take a step forward in order to make an escape from the Armour<br/>
warrior. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Aaa. The wind is<br/>
pretty strong. My body feels like being pushed back by the wind. I can’t even<br/>
hear any sound. This is such a quiet world. And dark. The view in front of me<br/>
is all black. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Despite all those<br/>
things, I am still able to understand my situation. Right now, I have passed by<br/>
the Armor Warrior. Moreover, I also have started to create a gap between us. At<br/>
least, the gap between us is larger than the length of his one footstep. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Although my sense<br/>
of vision and sense of hearing has become dull, I still get to know the<br/>
enemy’s conduct from <<Search Enemy>> art. My<br/>
<<Mapping>> skill also give information about the exit from this<br/>
room. In short, nothing will go wrong. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Soon after, the Armour<br/>
warrior is sending a slash attack. To avoid the attack, I bend my body to the<br/>
very limit. My knee is nearly touching the ground. However, instead of slowing<br/>
down, I use both my feet and hands to speed up my movement. This is one of the<br/>
arts which I saw Jin used before during dungeon exploration. <<Sinkwalk>>.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
After I safely<br/>
avoid the slash attack from the Armour Warrior, I raise my speed even more to<br/>
the maximum with <<Fake Shadow>>. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Armour Warrior. You<br/>
have missed the last chance to kill me. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
--This fight is my<br/>
victory. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Then I make my<br/>
escape from the room without looking behind. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Note Level Up. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Previous TOC  Next Chapter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
If you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Share<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Get link<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Facebook<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Twitter<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Email<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
