[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c50](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/05/hazure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore.html)
<br/><br/>
May 04, 2020<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 50<br/>
The Aftermath<br/>
Translator: Masakibluei<br/>
My<br/>
vision is blinking in black and white. My eardrum is shaking by sharp noises around me.<br/>
Rapidly, my all senses of the world is starting to return to me. 　<br/>
-------Aa<br/>
the limit is coming. <br/>
As<br/>
my senses start to return to me, my <<Fake Shadow>> art starts to<br/>
dissolve. Although I am tempted to give my worn out body some rest, I cannot<br/>
stop moving yet. When I take a step forward, my whole state of mind is shaking.<br/>
A shock starts to assail me to the point of having delusion and I am also stumbling on my<br/>
feet. Suddenly, I feel an intense pain that I cannot ignore anymore. Then I<br/>
collapse and slide to the ground. <br/>
It’s<br/>
hurts. <br/>
Hurts.<br/>
Incredibly<br/>
hurts.<br/>
Someone<br/>
helps me…<br/>
I’m<br/>
dying. Dying. <br/>
What’s<br/>
this.<br/>
It’s<br/>
so painful.<br/>
The<br/>
pain is unbearable.<br/>
Not<br/>
only my feet. I feel pain all over my body. My arms and throat are hurting too.<br/>
I feel so painful like my limbs are ruptured. The pain is incredible. I don’t<br/>
even feel about the pain from my falling to the ground anymore. <br/>
Due<br/>
to the exceeding pain, I can’t think about anything else except the word ‘PAIN’<br/>
in my head. I even cannot scream about the pain because my throat feels like<br/>
burning. It hurts and I cannot let out a voice. My lungs feel like being<br/>
crushed. My heart is also hurting. It is probably going to explode soon. <br/>
My<br/>
head feels like being pressed. <br/>
My<br/>
field of vision is starting to be dyed in white. <br/>
Other<br/>
than my own heartbeats, I cannot hear anything else. <br/>
This<br/>
is probably the payment of using <<Fake Shadow>> with my worn out<br/>
body. I pushed my body too much. My body does not keep up with my mental vision.<br/>
Now I feel the backlash of pushing it too hard. <br/>
My<br/>
bones, muscle fibers, and all cells in my body are screaming the pain. <br/>
In<br/>
the first place, it was a miracle that I was able to invoke the <<Fake<br/>
Shadow>> art. At that time, I moved my body relentlessly while relying on<br/>
my survival instinct to project my surroundings and acted accordingly. If I was<br/>
negligent of my practice with Jin or if my will to live was weak, then I would not be able to shake off the Armour Warrior. I want to thank Jin for<br/>
showing <<Fake Shadow>> art, as well as Erin who give me the<br/>
meaning to stay alive and go home together. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Ah, but those are my thoughts if I do get to go home alive…”<br/>
I<br/>
mutter as I am laying on the ground like a caterpillar. I confirm once again<br/>
that I cannot even move one fingertip. I even doubt that I really muttered those words with<br/>
my mouth. I might be speaking in my own head. At the same time as I gradually<br/>
losing my consciousness, I start to wonder if I am going to die now. I presume<br/>
if my overworked body is going to end now, while I am on the verge of dying and<br/>
lying motionless on the ground, a monster might appear and find me here. <br/>
Ultimately,<br/>
what awaits me is death. <br/>
Although<br/>
I am unwilling to die, my heart has already felt satisfied. <br/>
If<br/>
I die here, everyone in the Arrivers would be sad, Erin especially would grieve<br/>
even more. I absolutely do not want her to cry. If I die here, she might even<br/>
lose her chance to stand on her own feet. So, I don’t want to die. <br/>
‘Isn’t<br/>
it enough that Erin is the only one who able to get out from this floor?’<br/>
This<br/>
thought comes to my mind. At the very least, the minimum objective has been<br/>
achieved. Don’t I deserve some praise for this? I who is powerless without any<br/>
power, have done so much and made this through. <br/>
Right<br/>
now, I can’t even move my body. It will be extremely difficult to realize my<br/>
promise to Erin to go back together to Purith town. If that’s the case, it<br/>
makes sense to feel satisfied that I make it until here.  <br/>
As<br/>
I start to give up on living and my state of mind becomes calmer, I feel<br/>
something is touching my shoulder. My shoulders are shaken. Even if I could not<br/>
see it with my eyes, I know whose it is. This warmth belongs to Erin. <br/>
Erin:<br/>
“……………………”<br/>
I<br/>
can’t hear what she is saying. My worn-out brain has refused to accept any<br/>
sounds. <br/>
Erin:<br/>
“………………………”<br/>
Albeit<br/>
strangely enough, I can understand that Erin is giving me some affectionate<br/>
words. She came here to help me. <br/>
She<br/>
pulls up my body. I’m not really sure what’s going on, but perhaps, she is<br/>
trying to carry me. The area around my chest feels warm. She might be carrying<br/>
me on her back. It feels slow and awkward. Although she is taking slow steps,<br/>
we are moving ahead.  She has to keep<br/>
taking a step forward to go back to Purith town. <br/>
Both<br/>
of my feet are dragged and grazed against the ground. My body sways to all<br/>
directions. The comfort of being carried is absolutely worst. Despite the zero<br/>
comfort level, I feel relief at the moment. This feeling probably comes from<br/>
being in contact with Erin.<br/>
While<br/>
I’m being absent-minded like that, I suddenly lose my consciousness.<br/>
When<br/>
I open my eyes, my views are completely wrapped in black.  A thought rises from the bottom of my heart,<br/>
‘It does not seem like I’m going blind’.<br/>
As<br/>
my eyes are slowly adjusted themselves to the darkness, I could see walls and<br/>
some furniture. This is that. This is my room. It’s a familiar sight. I<br/>
immediately realize that I have returned to Purith town. <br/>
It<br/>
has been so long since I was here in this room. The nostalgic atmosphere makes<br/>
me unable to calm myself. I wake up right away to check the time. Apparently,<br/>
it’s 3:00 am in the morning now. <br/>
Just<br/>
as I thought, when I open the curtain, the view that I can see through the<br/>
window is dark. Up until this point, I finally take notice of my body<br/>
condition. My body is light and I don’t feel any pain anymore. I turn my<br/>
shoulder, raise my feet up and no matter what I look, there is nothing wrong<br/>
with it. Not even injuries, I do not feel any slightest of discomfort at all. <br/>
Most<br/>
probably, Neme had healed me with her healing spells. I have to thanks her<br/>
later. <br/>
Then<br/>
I immediately start to feel bored. The first thing I do next is to take a bath.<br/>
I have been stuck in the dungeon for more than of month, so this is a natural<br/>
matter. I have to clean off my body and wear new clothes. Although I’m not a<br/>
bath lover, just for today I want to submerge myself in the bathtub for a long<br/>
time. <br/>
Because it is late at night now, the light on the bathroom on the first floor is off.<br/>
Perhaps, everyone is sleeping at the moment. It would be inconvenient for<br/>
everyone if I accidentally wake them up, so I go to the bathroom without making<br/>
any sound.  <br/>
After<br/>
the long bath, I go up the stairs to the 2nd floor to head back to<br/>
my room. When I reach on the top, there is a light coming from the 3rd<br/>
door in front of me. It’s coming from my room. <br/>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
Finally, they came back!! We will see the other members soon. <br/>
Previous TOC  Next Chapter<br/>
If you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
Share<br/>
Get link<br/>
Facebook<br/>
Twitter<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
Email<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
