[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c51](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/05/hazure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore_11.html)
<br/><br/>
May 11, 2020<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 51<br/>
What Are You Going To Do Next<br/>
Translator: Masakibluei<br/>
I<br/>
don’t remember that I left my room with the light on, so while feeling a little<br/>
bit suspicious, I open the door. Inside the room, there is a silver haired girl<br/>
in pajama sitting on my bed. She seems to notice my presence too. <br/>
 “I’m in,” said Erin while smiling lightly. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“It’s not ‘I’m in’. Don’t come into someone’s room without permission.”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Isn’t it’s alright. We are on a relationship after all.”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Then won’t you get angry if I go into Erin’s room without permission?”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“I don’t care though…”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Oh…”<br/>
Somehow<br/>
it feels awkward. Rather than awkward, weird would fit better. I’m flustered<br/>
by the unexpected short distance between us. <br/>
Ah<br/>
yeah. If I recall, my relationship with Erin became really close during our stay in the<br/>
dungeon. When I was on the 20th floor, although I was alive, I did<br/>
not really think deeply about this. But now that I am here in a peaceful<br/>
environment, I become really conscious about it. Speaking of which, I worked<br/>
together with Erin to survive…<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“And such, what’s with ‘don’t come into someone’s room without permission?’ To<br/>
said this when we met for the first time…I wish you had said something moving<br/>
to me…”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“I’m sorry. “<br/>
As<br/>
I lower my head to apologize, Erin invites me, ‘come here’. She taps the place<br/>
on top of the bed, right next to her. She probably asks me to sit there beside<br/>
her. Then I obediently sit there. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Then, what is going on? You deliberately come into my room this late at night.<br/>
“<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“I came here to take a look at Note. You have been sleeping for nearly the<br/>
whole day.”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“That much time has passed since my fight with the Mid Boss, huh…”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“That’s right. You should call out if you woke up already. I was so worried.”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“I thought it would be bad to wake you up, so I tried to be silent. Would it be<br/>
better if I had wake you up?”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“You don’t need to be so considerate like that. I could not sleep at all<br/>
because I keep wondering if Note would wake up soon or not………”<br/>
Erin<br/>
who gets embarrassed from her own remark is lowering her face downwards. If she<br/>
would get embarrassed by it, it would better that she did not say anything like<br/>
that.  I’m also unable to look at Erin’s<br/>
embarrassed reaction. <br/>
I<br/>
feel happy with Erin honestly showing her affection, but I’m also troubled to<br/>
cope with it. Even with being alone with a girl in my own room and moreover<br/>
sitting on the bed like this. The things that did not happen when we were in<br/>
the dungeon… All various wild delusions naturally come to my mind. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“I see. I’m sorry..”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Un……”<br/>
Because<br/>
of my short response, the conversation ended. The fault lies in my weird<br/>
delusions. I had no idea how to talk to her. <br/>
How<br/>
did I talk to her in the past?<br/>
How<br/>
did I talk to her when we were on the 20th floor?<br/>
The<br/>
more I become aware of it, I become so frantic to the point that my head turns<br/>
blank. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“……Oh yeah, should we wake everyone up?”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“We can do that later, can’t we? Let’s have a little bit more chat just between<br/>
two of us. “<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Ok…” <br/>
The<br/>
escape route has been sealed. Speaking of which, I’m too pathetic. What am I<br/>
trying to escape for? For now, let’s ask her a harmless question to calm my<br/>
chaotic head. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“What was everyone’s reaction when we returned?”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Of course they were surprised. At first, they were surprised as if they saw<br/>
ghosts.”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“I would like to see that…I mean, we were supposed to be dead after all…”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“It’s because we have been missing for almost 2 months. They had been searching<br/>
for us so many times until finally, they decided to give up.”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Is that so? So, we were in the dungeon for about 2 months, huh…”<br/>
Somehow,<br/>
a deep mysterious feeling starts to assail me when I get to know how the time<br/>
has passed in the outside world. It seems like I have not tuned in yet with the<br/>
world outside the dungeon. The situation has not sunk into my heart yet.   <br/>
Nevertheless,<br/>
something has changed about Erin who was a step ahead of me in going back with<br/>
the way of life here in the Purith town. She must have a lot of time to think<br/>
through a lot of things. After a short moment of silence, she starts to speak<br/>
again with a serious face. <br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Note, what are you going to do from now on?” <br/>
Her<br/>
serious look makes me shrink back. <br/>
While<br/>
stroking the back of my head, I try to figure out the intention behind her<br/>
question. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“’From now on?’"<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Note, are you going to continue exploring dungeon?”<br/>
I’m<br/>
shocked by the unexpected intent of the question. For me, that question would<br/>
be a question that I would start to wonder when the morning comes. But for<br/>
Erin, this is not just a thing to wonder anymore. She needs a clear answer to<br/>
lean on. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Then, you are asking me…”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“That’s right. I have been thinking to stop diving into the Dungeon anymore.”<br/>
Erin<br/>
said her decision clearly. <br/>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
What will be Note's plan next? Personally, I don't think he will quit, it will not fit with the title of the story if he does. <br/>
Previous TOC  Next Chapter<br/>
If you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
Share<br/>
Get link<br/>
Facebook<br/>
Twitter<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
Email<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
