[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c52](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/05/hazure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore_18.html)
<br/><br/>
May 18, 2020<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 52<br/>
Boys Meet Girls<br/>
Translator:Masakibluei<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Because I was so scared, and I also feel sorry about my cowardice. I also realize that<br/>
from now on, what I want is not conquering a dungeon. At the moment, I take<br/>
this opportunity to really think about my own life.”<br/>
Her<br/>
eyes do not show any hesitation. She must have put a lot of thought before she<br/>
came with this conclusion. Ultimately, her purpose to join the Arrivers was not<br/>
clear. She joined the Arrivers because she was desperate. If this is the case,<br/>
then I have to respect her decision. Moreover, it would be wrong for her to<br/>
stay with half-assed feeling. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Isn’t this fine? If this is something that Erin has decided.”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Although I only wish a little bit to stop…”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“What do you mean by that…”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“That’s due to my troublesome maiden feelings.”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“That’s troublesome.”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Then, what about Note?”<br/>
Erin<br/>
peers into my eyes while tilting her upper body towards me. <br/>
-Asking<br/>
what I’m going to do…<br/>
I<br/>
have decided what I’m going to do, and there are no other options for me. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Of course, I will continue to explore the dungeon. I have decided to conquer the<br/>
dungeon. From now on, that would be my goal.”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“I see…I was thinking to lead a peaceful life somewhere else together with<br/>
Note. “<br/>
Erin<br/>
fells on her back on the bed. <br/>
Erin:<br/>
“I thought it would be good to become a couple with you, and then we will lead<br/>
a peaceful life without any relation with monsters. Eventually, we might also<br/>
enjoy a blissful married life. “ <br/>
Note:<br/>
“That’s certainly not a bad option.”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“But, you decide to conquer the dungeon, right?”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Yes.”<br/>
Erin<br/>
contracts her mouth due to my reply. <br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Are you going to abandon me?<br/>
Note:<br/>
“I’m not abandoning you.”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“But you do prioritize conquering the dungeon over me, right?”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Perhaps.”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Stop denying it.”<br/>
A<br/>
kick comes to my stomach. But it was a gentle kick. It more like a playful<br/>
skinship. Therefore, I let the force of the kick to push me back on the bed.<br/>
Now, I am laying down by Erin’s side. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“While I continue exploring the dungeon, Erin can live peacefully in Purtih<br/>
town. What do you think? Then we can go on a lot of dates during my break.”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“What’s that. I don’t want a husband who might die anytime at the dungeon. In<br/>
the end, I will be like a widow. Isn’t that lonely.”<br/>
My<br/>
proposal which requires me a lot of courage to propose is flatly refused by<br/>
Erin. <br/>
I<br/>
mean, somehow in between, to come into conclusion about marriage and dying……I<br/>
feel disheartened and restless inside my heart. Then, Erin starts to speak<br/>
again. <br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Then, I will also continue to explore the dungeon.”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Eee…Didn’t you say that you will stop?”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“It was only a talk if Note decides to stop diving into the dungeon. If Note<br/>
does not quit Arrivers, then I won’t too.” <br/>
Note:<br/>
“What’s that…? You should have thought about your own prospect properly without<br/>
being swayed by others. “<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“It’s not like that. I have been thinking it through properly. I told you<br/>
before. Exploring the dungeon is not what I want. But, if Note chooses to<br/>
continue, then diving into the dungeon now has a meaning for me. “<br/>
Note:<br/>
“What do you mean by that?”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“What I want is you, Note. What will happened if you die because you bring<br/>
another magician other than me to that dangerous place. There is no other<br/>
genius magician than me. “<br/>
Note:<br/>
“But when we were stuck at the 20th floor, you were hopeless.”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“That’s a talk for the future. From now on I will get even better. I will study<br/>
a lot about magic, and become a magician that you can depend on. I will show it<br/>
to you, Note. “<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Then, I’m looking forward to it. “<br/>
While<br/>
laying on the bed, I roll my body over. Then, Erin seems to do the same. She<br/>
turns her body to face me, so we are currently facing each other. Her face is<br/>
really close to the point that I can feel her soft breath. <br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Do you want to continue ‘that one’ from before?”<br/>
Erin<br/>
smiles with her teeth is showing. <br/>
I<br/>
decided to pretend being cool and said, “What do you mean by ‘that one’<br/>
before?”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“That. That one.”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“What is ‘that’?<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“That is that. The one that you occasionally said that we are going to<br/>
do.”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Is this about the kiss?”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Yes. We can also go beyond that.”<br/>
Erin<br/>
closes both of her eyes. Her pale pink lips are closing quietly. While my eyes<br/>
are being glued on her lovely appearance, I hold her delicate shoulder with my<br/>
hand. <br/>
At<br/>
that moment, while our faces are getting closer……<br/>
“Wait<br/>
a moment! How come the two of you become so close!”<br/>
BANG!<br/>
The door is knocked open violently with a loud sound. I feel like jumping out<br/>
due to being surprised by the loud noise. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Uo?!”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Wha, what?!”<br/>
Both<br/>
me and Erin are making some weird noises after being flustered. <br/>
Rosalia<br/>
suddenly barges in into the room. <br/>
Rosalia:<br/>
“When I was thinking to visit Note who has come back in his room to do some<br/>
skinship……How come there is some romantic atmosphere between the two of you!?<br/>
You were about to kiss, weren’t you!?”<br/>
OH<br/>
NO! I usually invoke <<Search Enemy>> art on all the time so that I<br/>
would be able to sense someone’s presence right away. But, since I just safely<br/>
got away from the dungeon, I feel extremely relax and moreover, I also feel too<br/>
excited now with the new development of my relationship with Erin, so I’m<br/>
completely distracted from being alert. <br/>
If<br/>
I’m not mistaken, this happened in the past as well. When I was on a date with<br/>
Rosalia, I did not sense Erin’s presence at all until she approached us. This<br/>
art is really useless. Well, maybe I’m a guy who is easily led by the nose and<br/>
completely tuned out from my surrounding. Perhaps, this is my weakness. <br/>
“Erin-san,<br/>
stop seducing Note-kun!” said Rosalia while pointing her finger on Erin. <br/>
Who<br/>
would imagine that the day would come when Rosalia scolds other people not to<br/>
‘seduce’ a man. I wish she would put her hand on her chest and look back into<br/>
her past. <br/>
Erin:<br/>
“I’m not seducing Note. This is consensual, right, Note?”<br/>
Aaa,<br/>
I feel like they are going to bring me up into their fight………<br/>
Frankly<br/>
speaking, I don’t want to be pushed into it.<br/>
Rosalia’s<br/>
affection to me was supposed to be fake, right? <br/>
Then<br/>
why she looks really mad? Is this some kind of trick? <br/>
There<br/>
are a lot of things that I don’t understand. <br/>
For<br/>
the time being, it’s embarrassing if a party member gets to know that I was<br/>
really going to kiss Erin. Let’s just playing dumb.<br/>
Note:<br/>
“I’m sorry…I’ve just wake up. I feel sleepy so I don’t understand what is going<br/>
on…”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
‘T,Traitor!!”<br/>
Rosalia:<br/>
“ Note-kun……I had been staying in front of the door, so I saw everything. Isn’t<br/>
that just a sloppy excuse…Just give up now…”<br/>
Well,<br/>
she caught me, huh…… <br/>
I’m<br/>
also surprised at my poor excuse. As I am scratching my head and being<br/>
overwhelmed with uncomfortable feelings, I anxiously gaze into Erin’s eyes. When<br/>
I look at her, I can see her eyes trembling really hard. In the beginning, I<br/>
was planning to apologize to her afterward when we are alone, but seeing her<br/>
shaken like this makes me feel really sorry for her. <br/>
Let’s<br/>
just be honest here. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“I’m sorry………I lied……Yes, as you said before, I, Note Athlon, was going to<br/>
kiss Erin Fortlord here. ……”<br/>
It’s<br/>
really embarrassing when I put it into words!<br/>
It’s<br/>
even more embarrassing to confess that it was a failed attempt!<br/>
At<br/>
least, I actually wanted to say that we did the deed!<br/>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
Love triangle starts!<br/>
Previous TOC  Next Chapter<br/>
If you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
Share<br/>
Get link<br/>
Facebook<br/>
Twitter<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
Email<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
