[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c53](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/05/hazure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore_25.html)
<br/><br/>
May 25, 2020<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 53<br/>
Back With The Arrivers<br/>
Translator: Masakibluei<br/>
When<br/>
I timidly turn to peek at Erin’s expression, unexpectedly Erin nods to my<br/>
confession with satisfaction. Even though I’m the one who said it by myself, I<br/>
feel that I had made such a trash statement. She absolutely should have<br/>
criticized me for it. Instinctively, I’m starting to worry that I will become<br/>
a yes man for Erin in the future. <br/>
Erin:<br/>
“That’s just how it is. Right now, we are going to kiss, so please read the air<br/>
and get out of the room.”<br/>
Rosalia:<br/>
“Uuuu!? You’ve said it, Erin-san! If this is the case, I have more reasons not to get out of this room.”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“You are the who ask for the trouble. I particularly don’t mind kissing Note in<br/>
front of you.”<br/>
I’m<br/>
not fine with it. (Note)<br/>
Rosalia:<br/>
“You have become remarkably aggressive, huh. I’ve been thinking that you would<br/>
be a dangerous existence since a very long time ago, and now it comes to<br/>
this……The effect of a suspension bridge is so terrifying…”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“If you understand, then please quickly get out of the room.”<br/>
Rosalia:<br/>
“Then, I don’t have any other option but to use my last trump card………Actually I<br/>
don’t want to use it if I can avoid it because this might harm my objective as<br/>
well, but…………”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Last trump card…………?”<br/>
Erin<br/>
shrinks back by Rosalia’s solid determination which is projected from her eyes.<br/>
For some reason, I swallow my saliva because of the tension in the air. <br/>
Rosalia:<br/>
“That’s right. Erin said this before, right? Party members are banned to date<br/>
each other. Erin-san, you are not a person who breaks a rule that you made by<br/>
yourself, right……?”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“I said it! Oh no, I did say it! What were you doing, the past me!!”<br/>
Erin<br/>
holds out her head while screaming. <br/>
When<br/>
Rosalia joined the party, she did make up the rule by herself.  Of course, Rosalia at that time was totally<br/>
against it……<br/>
When<br/>
I look up at Erin, she is sending me a pleading for assistance expression. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Yes………The things that you said, you can’t take it back……”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“You are right……”<br/>
Rosalia:<br/>
“So the two of you have admitted it, right. Since this is the case, even if I<br/>
have to become the devil, I have to stop the two of you from having an<br/>
intimate relationship by any means. “<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“That’s must be a joke, right? That was such a perfect chanceeee!!”<br/>
I<br/>
beg you, please don’t scream like crazy. You will wake everyone up. (Note)<br/>
Force:<br/>
“Yo, Long time no see, Note.”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Your greeting is so simple for a reunion, huh. Force-san.”<br/>
Jin:<br/>
“Even if he spoke like that, he was truly worried about you, though.”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Is that true, Jin-san?”<br/>
Jin<br/>
has come into the room earlier. After him, Force also comes into the room. The<br/>
room has become really crowded now. In the middle of those commotions, a small<br/>
figure is approaching from the hallway after being awakened from her slumber. She<br/>
comes while rubbing her sleepy eyes. <br/>
“What’s<br/>
up……? I’m sleeping, please be quiet………?”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Good morning, Neme One-san. I also would like to thank you for healing my<br/>
wounds.”<br/>
Neme:<br/>
“No, Note!? You woke up already!? Go, good morning!!”<br/>
The<br/>
identity of the small figure who jumps due to being surprised is the party’s<br/>
priest, Neme. <br/>
Neme:<br/>
“Are, are you okay!? It’s not a dream, right!?”<br/>
To<br/>
ensure my actual condition, she inspects all my hands and feet. With her<br/>
finally joining us inside the room, all the party members are now completely<br/>
gathered together. Meanwhile, Erin and Rosalia are…<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Just a little bit more……why……Arrghh……”<br/>
Rosalia:<br/>
“Is this Note-kun’s bed? It smells nice.”<br/>
Erin<br/>
is crouching in the corner of the room while Rosalia is going inside of my bed without<br/>
my permission. <br/>
Force:<br/>
“Oi, Note, Rosalia-chan is the same as usual, but why Erin is depressed?”<br/>
Force,<br/>
don’t ignore Rosalia’s eccentricity. <br/>
Also,<br/>
I wish that you stop pursuing Erin’s issue. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Perhaps because she was stuck at the dungeon for more than a month, she became<br/>
mentally unstable?”<br/>
Force:<br/>
“Is that so? But she could speak normally during the day…”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Uh……”<br/>
That’s<br/>
right. When Erin came back from the dungeon, her spirit had been normal as<br/>
usual. Force and the rest of them must have seen her in a good spirit already.<br/>
They won’t believe in my poor excuse.<br/>
Rosalia:<br/>
“About that, Force-kun—”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Can you shut your mouth, Rosalia. I’m also overlooking the fact that you also got<br/>
into my bed without my permission.”<br/>
Rosalia:<br/>
“Then, it can’t be helped.”<br/>
She<br/>
lifts the blanket to cover her head. Moreover, she is lying her body even more<br/>
on top of someone else’s bed. Even though I told her that I would overlook her<br/>
action, I did not say that she can continue to lay on top of my bed. <br/>
Force:<br/>
“Oi, Note! What are you hiding?”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“No, nothing. I don’t hide anything……”<br/>
Force:<br/>
“You’re lying………Your eyes are swimming around, you know?”<br/>
His<br/>
pursuit is so persistent. There was nothing happen and that is absolutely the<br/>
truth. There is nothing to gain if he keeps pursuing the issue, so I wish he<br/>
would stop. Moreover, if he is careless, the one who would be hurt will be Force.<br/>
After all, I was so close to kissing a girl. <br/>
Neme:<br/>
“Neme understand! Note is hiding some naughty things!!”<br/>
How<br/>
come she hits the mark!<br/>
Even<br/>
though she usually has a habit to make an off statement, once a degree of<br/>
deviation comes to her, she nearly gets it right!<br/>
It<br/>
was such the right mood to kiss Erin, and if they keep pursuing me, I won’t be<br/>
able to getaway- 　<br/>
Force:<br/>
“No, that’s impossible. It’s Note, you know? There is no chance that Erin would<br/>
do such things with him. “<br/>
I’m<br/>
glad that Force is stupid!<br/>
Nice<br/>
one, Force!<br/>
In<br/>
addition, thank goodness that I have an aura of a single man who has no<br/>
connection with girls!<br/>
Um,<br/>
I said so about myself, and feel depressed about it. <br/>
Jin:<br/>
“Note-kun, when you return, our party surely has become lively.”<br/>
Jin-san,<br/>
I also thought the same thing. Certainly, it has become lively. Even though now<br/>
it’s already late at night, the tension is very high. <br/>
Well,<br/>
is that how is it? At any rate, this is the first reunion after being apart for<br/>
one month after all. I’m also feeling in a high spirit. Probably, right now I’m<br/>
floating with happiness. <br/>
Jin:<br/>
“I’m glad that you came back alive. Truly, I’m glad. Thank you.”<br/>
Because<br/>
of Jin’s speech, my eyes instinctively become hot. It’s exactly as he said. I’m<br/>
really glad that I’m able to come back home. After struggling so hard to get<br/>
out of the dungeon, I’m finally able to bite the happiness of being back to<br/>
our home and then enjoying this nostalgic and fun atmosphere. <br/>
At<br/>
the moment I think that all my hard works recently have finally been paid off. <br/>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
Translator note:<br/>
This is the end of book 2. The next chapter will be the start of the new volume. Thank you for all the donators and loyal readers! <br/>
Previous TOC  Next Chapter<br/>
If you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
Share<br/>
Get link<br/>
Facebook<br/>
Twitter<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
Email<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
