[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c54](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/06/hazure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore.html)
<br/><br/>
June 07, 2020<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 53<br/>
Restarting 1Translator: MasakiblueiWealth,<br/>
magic tools and wisdom.<br/>
The<br/>
unreachable closed space above the ground where countless treasures are hidden.<br/>
A dungeon.<br/>
The<br/>
innermost uncivilized place where no one has ever arrived has drawn people’s<br/>
interest with an invisible force. Adventurers are trying to challenge the<br/>
dungeon for various reasons. Big or small, private or official, ‘self-interest<br/>
and desire’, or ‘dream and hope’. Among the countless adventurers who are<br/>
challenging the dungeon, there is a group of adventurers who is the closest<br/>
to conquer the dungeon. That group is the Arrivers, which I am belonged to.<br/>
However,<br/>
the group in question is currently in a grave---no, the group is currently in<br/>
an absurd discussion. <br/>
Rosalia:<br/>
“Hey, Erin-san. Aren’t you too close to Note-kun?”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Is that so? But this much was the normal distance when we were at the 20th<br/>
Floor?”<br/>
Both<br/>
of them are glaring at each other. Neither seems to back off.<br/>
The<br/>
first woman who made the statement is Rosalia Minkgott, who is holding the<br/>
position of the Paladin of the group. She has teary red eyes and glamourous<br/>
long navy blue hair. Her breasts are way larger than other women's in general, and she<br/>
also has a lovely face and figure. It’s not too strange to say that she is a<br/>
beautiful woman with all body features that are created to captivate all men in<br/>
the world.<br/>
But,<br/>
don’t ever let her fool you.<br/>
She<br/>
is a woman with a notorious reputation in Purith town, the place where I am<br/>
living now. She previously cheated a lot of men and made countless adventurer<br/>
parties disbanded. Personally, I have a delicate relationship with this woman.<br/>
At present, she says that she likes me. She has been aggressively pursuing me too.<br/>
However, I was deceived by her once in the past. Thus, I do not know how much I<br/>
can trust her words. It’s a miracle that she has been with the Arrivers for half a year now.<br/>
On the other hand, the<br/>
girl who made the last statement is Erin Fortloord, the sorcerer of the<br/>
Arrivers. Her particular features are twin tail silver hair, sharp eyes with a<br/>
slender body. Two<br/>
months ago, She and I fell into a teleport trap and was teleported to the 20th<br/>
floor. There were various problems along the way, but we were able to overcome<br/>
the crisis together. Now, we become very close. I<br/>
thought she has become nicer, but apparently, she only acts nicer to me. Her<br/>
speaking tone to Rosalia is as harsh as her usual tone.<br/>
Force:<br/>
“Why are the two of them fighting? <br/>
The<br/>
one who asked me the question is Force Grands. The leader of the arrivers.<br/>
His position is a swordsman. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Who knows……”<br/>
I<br/>
shake my head to dodge Force’s question.<br/>
Of<br/>
course, I actually know the real reason behind their fight. The direct cause of<br/>
their fight was Erin’s invitation for me to accompany her buying ingredients<br/>
for today's lunch. Then Rosalia scolded Erin for her invitation and they began to<br/>
fight.<br/>
Speaking<br/>
of which, if we trace the root of their problem, then it would be me. It’s<br/>
quite embarrassing to mention it by myself, but these two girls are competing for<br/>
me………<br/>
But<br/>
what if I misunderstand all of this? ………That would be super embarrassing………<br/>
There<br/>
will be no end if I keep thinking negatively, so let’s consider that they are<br/>
fighting because of me.　Ultimately,<br/>
I cannot honestly explain the real issue to Force. Even though he knows that<br/>
Rosalia is trying to attract me, but he does not know that Erin has a feeling<br/>
for me. Not to mention, he is currently troubled to find a girlfriend, and he<br/>
is also the type of person who tends to be envious of other people’s happiness<br/>
and has a grudge for it. Who knows what he would do if he knows that<br/>
these two girls are pursuing me?<br/>
Incidentally,<br/>
there was a time where I was troubled that I couldn’t have a girlfriend. Then I<br/>
was jealous that Force got close to Rosalia in the past. It nearly broke our<br/>
friendship.<br/>
In<br/>
the end, I can’t really criticize others, huh.<br/>
Well,<br/>
if he pays attention to Erin and Rosalia’s quarrels, I think he will figure out<br/>
the situation real soon……<br/>
Neme:<br/>
“Love Master Neme knows it clearly………It seems like a fight for love…”<br/>
The<br/>
person who is having fun watching the two girls fighting each other with<br/>
sparkling eyes is Neme Parzin. She is this party’s priest and her role is a<br/>
healer. Despite looking like a child, she is actually 6 years older than me.<br/>
And, she is not a Love Master. <br/>
Jin:<br/>
“It looks like it’s going to be difficult……Note-Kun.”<br/>
The<br/>
one who just spoke from behind is Jin. He acts as the organizer of the party,<br/>
and he is also my benefactor who invited me to join the Arrivers. In addition,<br/>
his position is an assassin. <br/>
Jin:<br/>
“The relationship between those two has become really awful………”<br/>
Does<br/>
he means to condemn me, the root of their fight, indiscreetly with that remark!? I also feel that his voice seems to be a little bit unfriendlier than usual. From<br/>
his point of view as this party organizer, he probably cannot overlook their<br/>
fights. In the past, he also tried to mend the awful relationship between<br/>
Rosalia and Erin.<br/>
Jin:<br/>
“In that case, I leave the rest to you, alright.”<br/>
Then,<br/>
Jin pats my shoulder.<br/>
As<br/>
I thought, I am the one who have to do something about it……-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Translator note:The Arrivers seems to start with a bumpy road with a crisis come from love trouble. Note's jealousy over Force and Rosalia happened in chapter 23 which was translated by Binbogami. I forgot about this and I thought I misunderstood the sentence (Oh Japanese sentence, you have to translate it backward sometimes.....). Then I frantically read the previous chapters until I find it. They even went into a duel. New cover! It's Neme and Note. Neme Looks like a little child. No wonder Note was mistaken as a child abductor before. Previous TOC  Next ChapterIf you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
Share<br/>
Get link<br/>
Facebook<br/>
Twitter<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
Email<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
