[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c55](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/06/hazure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore_14.html)
<br/><br/>
June 14, 2020<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 55<br/>
Restarting 2Translator: MasakiblueiBut,<br/>
it’s not only me who is at fault……<br/>
Note:<br/>
“…………”<br/>
Looking<br/>
at Jin’s gentle but cold eyes, I become discouraged to rebuke him. It cannot be<br/>
helped. Let’s leave this matter to the Love Master. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“I’ll leave this matter to the Love Master, Neme Ane-san. “<br/>
Neme:<br/>
“Neme has to jump into it!?”<br/>
Neme<br/>
who is suddenly being dragged into the conversation is backing off. However,<br/>
I know her really well. Neme is a pushover. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Neme ane-san, please.”<br/>
Neme:<br/>
“No way! I’m scared to go in between those two!!”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Me too. But, if it’s the mature and dependable Neme Ane-san……”<br/>
Neme:<br/>
“Of course, I can do it! Leave it to Neme!”<br/>
Yup.<br/>
It’s easy to coax her.<br/>
After<br/>
she salutes, Neme dashes right away to Rosalia and Erin. Meanwhile, Jin who<br/>
sees everything starts to grumble from behind. <br/>
Jin:<br/>
“Note-kun, this part of you is no good.”<br/>
Yes……I<br/>
think so too………<br/>
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
Although<br/>
there were various troubles that happened in the morning, eventually it calms down.<br/>
By the time it calms down, the time is already 2 pm. After eating lunch,<br/>
everyone takes a rest for a little bit. <br/>
Jin:<br/>
“Well, shall we dive to the dungeon tomorrow?”<br/>
Jin<br/>
suddenly brings up the talk about the dungeon. While this is something that I<br/>
have been expecting, the other members do not have the same sentiment as<br/>
me. Erin begins to tremble when she hears the word ‘dungeon’ and both Neme and<br/>
Rosalia have gloomy expressions on their faces. <br/>
Likewise,<br/>
their reactions are well justified.<br/>
Erin<br/>
and I nearly lost our lives in the dungeon during our last exploration.<br/>
Meanwhile, from the point of view of the other members’, they thought that they<br/>
had lost their companions. Therefore, it’s only natural that the topic about<br/>
the dungeon exploration brings up a heavy mood.<br/>
Although<br/>
it might be bad to put it this way, previously we had been diving into the<br/>
dungeon with a playful mood. After the 2 members from the party went missing, the<br/>
Arrivers became more conscious about the dungeon. The incident changed their<br/>
views. Many adventurers lost their lives in the dungeon and we are not the<br/>
exception from the risk. <br/>
You<br/>
may die tomorrow during the dungeon exploration, and if not, you may die the<br/>
next day. There is also the possibility that your companion might die too<br/>
tomorrow. This realization finally sinks in. Therefore, it’s natural to feel<br/>
daunted. Jin must have understood this. <br/>
Jin:<br/>
“For almost 2 weeks, I haven’t dived into the dungeon. If this continues, my<br/>
instinct will become dull. “<br/>
This<br/>
is the turning point for the Arrivers on whether they are going to continue the<br/>
dungeon exploration. If we wish to take a little more break, then this party<br/>
won’t be able to achieve the feat of conquering the dungeon. Jin must have been<br/>
thinking this way and brought up the topic. He takes on the hateful role and<br/>
brings up a harsh suggestion. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Alright. Let’s go.”<br/>
I<br/>
had expected for this kind of situation to arrive soon. At the same time, I<br/>
also thought that I should be the one who has to speak first. Force, Neme and<br/>
Rosalia were not the direct victims of the teleport trap incident. With this in<br/>
mind, the others might be hesitated to push forward the dungeon exploration in<br/>
front of me and Erin who were the victims from the previous teleport trap incident.<br/>
If I as the victim is the first one to agree with the proposal, then the rest<br/>
will feel less anxious.<br/>
While<br/>
everyone except me are still at lost with their responses, the next person who<br/>
speaks out is Erin. <br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Yes, I’m also in favor……”<br/>
In<br/>
spite of the fear that can be traced in her voice, an approval is still an<br/>
approval.<br/>
Suddenly,<br/>
I start to recall my conversation with Erin on the day when I opened my eyes<br/>
from the first time after we escaped from the 20th floor. In the<br/>
beginning, Erin planned to quit the party and stop exploring the dungeon. After<br/>
she heard my resolution, she changed her mind.<br/>
I<br/>
remember she confessed that she does not have any desire to explore the<br/>
dungeon. Nevertheless, she put up her approval now to erase that feeling. <br/>
Rosalia:<br/>
“Then, we have to start our preparation, don’t you think?”<br/>
The<br/>
next one who gives the approval with a bright voice is Rosalia. She claps her<br/>
hand in front of her chest to get rid of the dark atmosphere.<br/>
She<br/>
truly has the talent to read the atmosphere. Usually, she doesn’t care about<br/>
the atmosphere and likes to make a remark that would destroy the harmony of the<br/>
group. This time, I feel really grateful for her consideration.<br/>
Her<br/>
current action makes her fight with Erin this morning seems like an<br/>
illusion.  <br/>
Force:<br/>
“Ou, that’s right.”<br/>
Neme:<br/>
“I’m going to the Dungeon!”<br/>
With<br/>
Force and Neme get on the board, it is settled that we are going to continue<br/>
the dungeon exploration.<br/>
Jin:<br/>
“That’s right. It’s been a while since the 6 of us are exploring the dungeon<br/>
together. Let’s not dive into the deeper floor. Shall we go to the 10th<br/>
floor instead?”<br/>
This<br/>
suggestion must be coming out of Jin’s consideration. Rather than abruptly challenging<br/>
the 17th floor, it’s better to warming up first with a safer place<br/>
like the 10th floor. This is a very good idea. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“The 10th floor, huh………There are only golems in that place……”<br/>
Jin:<br/>
“That’s right. There is no extreme climate nor extreme terrain in that place,<br/>
so we can move around with ease. The monsters are also not too strong. It’s a<br/>
right place to warming up. “<br/>
The<br/>
dungeon is consisted of floors with various place concepts such as volcano,<br/>
snowy mountain, marshland, floating islands, and so on. The 10th<br/>
floor’s setting is a mechanical and the terrain is not intense. As what Jin had<br/>
said before, this place is the best option for warming up. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Translator note:It's been decided! Our group will resume their adventure!Previous TOC  Next ChapterIf you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
Share<br/>
Get link<br/>
Facebook<br/>
Twitter<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
Email<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
