[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c56](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/06/hazure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore_22.html)
<br/><br/>
June 22, 2020<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 56<br/>
The Next DayTranslator: MasakiblueiOn<br/>
the day of the 10th floor exploration.<br/>
The<br/>
six of us leave the Arriver’s house after we finish executing our equipment<br/>
preparation. Right now we are heading to the dungeon which is located just<br/>
outside the Purith town.<br/>
Perhaps,<br/>
due to the changed attitude toward the dungeon exploration, the members’ facial<br/>
expressions seem to look different than usual. The one with the most obvious<br/>
expression is Erin who is walking behind the other 5 members. She is walking<br/>
while hanging her head down and sweating all around her forehead. Her face is<br/>
also extremely pale.<br/>
Since<br/>
I am worried about her, I reduce my pace to walk by her side. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Are you okay, Erin?”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“I’m okay…Don’t worry…”<br/>
Her<br/>
reply was awkward and her voice was listless. If you look at her, she does not<br/>
look fine. Therefore, I become more worried. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Are you not feeling well? If you tell Jin-san and the others, then today’s<br/>
exploration………”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“I’m not sick……Speaking of which, why do you seem to be calm, Note?”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Calm?”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Why are you so compose when you are going to a scary place like the dungeon<br/>
and getting closer to death?”<br/>
Aa,<br/>
this is what she means. When she said it like that, I certainly agree with her<br/>
means.<br/>
Even<br/>
though I had been through the same predicament as her, our reactions are<br/>
different towards the dungeon exploration, I completely do not feel daunted at all.<br/>
If it’s a normal person, and he was tossed into a situation where he was constantly<br/>
on the verge of death for 2 months, then he wouldn’t want to face the same situation<br/>
for the second time.<br/>
However,<br/>
such a thing does not appear on my mind. <br/>
I<br/>
can understand Erin’ s sentiment of losing her nerves, and I can also sympathize<br/>
with her. But whether I feel the same way, is another story.<br/>
Well,<br/>
in my case, it’s not that because I really do not think that far or something like<br/>
that. In fact, it simply does not come to my mind at all. And it’s not because I’m<br/>
not being thoughtless neither. While I am analyzing my own mental state, the<br/>
shaken red eyes are peeking at me. <br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Rather than feeling compose, you are probably looking forward to diving into the<br/>
dungeon, I suppose.”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Is that so?”<br/>
I<br/>
put my hand on my chest and seriously ponder about it. Erin’s argument does not<br/>
seem to be wrong. I do feel excited about the dungeon exploration.<br/>
Note:<br/>
“After all, this is the first time in a while that we are diving into the<br/>
dungeon with all the members of the Arrivers. It’s natural to look forward<br/>
to it, isn’t it.”<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“ Hahh…………You are really a dungeon fool.”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“It’s been a while that you speak harshly to me like that.”<br/>
After<br/>
the 20th Floor incident, Erin never speak harshly to me. It’s rare<br/>
for her to give me a scathing remark. However, the girl in question becomes flustered<br/>
at my words and shakes her hands. <br/>
Erin:<br/>
“No, I don’t mean like that! It’s not an insult! I don’t have any evil<br/>
intention neither! I’m honestly said what I really thought!”<br/>
A………She<br/>
really thinks that I’m a dungeon fool………<br/>
She<br/>
tried to patch up, but she failed. On the contrary, I’m hurt by her words.<br/>
At the moment, she keeps trying to patch things up.<br/>
Erin:<br/>
“Yeah! Actually, I was praising your mental strength! I’m just saying that even<br/>
though you went through that incident previously; you are still looking<br/>
forward to it! You are not perturbed by anything, and you have a ghost level mental<br/>
state of mind. “<br/>
Up<br/>
to the middle of the conversation I was starting to feel better, but then she followed<br/>
up with the word ‘ghost level mental state of mind’.<br/>
That<br/>
was her honest feeling, right? I can feel it from the way she chose her words…………<br/>
It<br/>
seems that Erin cannot control her mouth. She is the type that says anything<br/>
that comes into her mind. Although she does not have any evil intentions, a<br/>
pure heart can hurt people too. For the time being, I have to resolve her<br/>
misunderstanding. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“It’s not like I’m not being perturbed by anything. Instead, I’m actually a<br/>
weak mental person, am I not? I’m easy to get depressed………Personally, I think<br/>
that I have a heart that made out of glass…………”<br/>
Half<br/>
a year ago, I lived a debauchery life style after being abandoned by my<br/>
childhood friend. I was also quite depressed when Erin scolded me in the past. Moreover,<br/>
when I feel that I have no progress at all, I start to get impatient. I<br/>
absolutely do not have a ghost level mental strength. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“I’m not joking…………”<br/>
However,<br/>
Erin casts a distrustful gaze at me. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Translator note:Note seems to have really low self-esteem, or he just not used to be 'praised'?Previous TOC  Next ChapterIf you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
Share<br/>
Get link<br/>
Facebook<br/>
Twitter<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
Email<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
