[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c57](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/06/hazure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore_28.html)
<br/><br/>
June 28, 2020<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 57<br/>
Growth 1We have arrived at<br/>
the entrance of the dungeon. The entrance door of the ancient ruin leads to the<br/>
first floor and inside the dungeon, there is a crystal that can teleport us to any floor.Erin currently is<br/>
looking for the crystal that can teleport us to the 10th floor. The<br/>
rest of the members are watching her from behind. One of Erin’s<br/>
responsibilities in our party is to make a path to teleport everyone by using<br/>
the teleportation crystal. If you write a magic circle and pour a little bit of<br/>
magic into the crystal, then you will be able to make a path between the<br/>
crystals. If the path has been created then anyone can teleport to any floor<br/>
that they have been visited before.My profession is a<br/>
thief and I cannot use magic. Therefore, even if I hear someone says that she<br/>
is making the path, I really cannot sense it at all.  Moreover, it sounds really difficult to do.<br/>
However, according to Erin, this is a very easy task. The system of the teleportation<br/>
crystal itself is not complex, thus any sorcerer can use it. Even some people<br/>
other than sorcerer can do it too is they can cast spells. Then, I ask Neme who<br/>
is able to cast spells to confirm this fact.  Neme: “Even though<br/>
I never do it, maybe I can!! She replies with a<br/>
big smile.Meanwhile, I also<br/>
ask Rosalia the same question. Although her specialty is closer to combat style,<br/>
she has the ability to cast spells.Rosalia: “I also<br/>
have never done it. Before I joined this party, I had dived into the dungeon<br/>
for a while, but at the time, all the troublesome things were done by the men<br/>
around me…… “ So that was what<br/>
happened. I’m glad I ask her……By the way, the<br/>
teleport crystal from each floor can only be connected to the teleport crystal<br/>
at the entrance of the dungeon. Therefore, you do not need to make a path<br/>
specifically to go back to the entrance. If you touch the teleport crystal, you will naturally arrive at the entrance. After Erin finishes<br/>
making the path, Force is the first one to go, then Neme follows right after<br/>
him to teleport. One by one the other members of the Arrivers teleport to the<br/>
10th floor. In the end, the two of us, Erin and I are the only ones<br/>
left at the entrance. Note: “Are you<br/>
going?” Erin: “I will<br/>
go…It’s just, although I have prepared myself for it, the moment I stand right<br/>
in front of it I become scared………” Erin hangs her face<br/>
down while mutters in a small voice. Compare to her previous display of boldness<br/>
in attitude, it was unthinkable that she would come up with such a timid<br/>
remark. After going through a great ordeal of getting stuck on the 20th<br/>
floor, my relationship with Erin has become much closer. Therefore, she can only<br/>
speak her honest feeling to me.  Note: “If you are<br/>
really scared, do you want to hold my hand when we teleport?” I was recalling our<br/>
lives together on the 20th floor and then came up with that<br/>
suggestion. At the time, I remember that we used to hold hands quite often.<br/>
Unexpectedly, those days were not bad.  Erin: “Let’s<br/>
not………It will be embarrassing because Force and the others will make fun of us.<br/>
Furthermore, Rosalia will also make an uproar………” Because of my<br/>
playful words, Erin loses all her tension.  Erin: “It’s<br/>
alright. I’m okay now.” She waves her hand<br/>
and being sucked by the teleportation crystal. In reality, my previous<br/>
proposal was half joking but the other half was serious. I look at my right<br/>
hand which is hanging on the air.Note: “I wonder<br/>
what is our current relationship now………” Just because I am<br/>
in a complicated state of mind, I cannot keep standing still in front of the<br/>
teleportation crystal. I go after Erin and immediately teleport to the 10th<br/>
floor.  Force: “You are<br/>
late, Note!”<br/>
Note: “Yeah yeah.” While Force is<br/>
complaining, I join the group. Afterward, we, the Arrivers are walking toward<br/>
the boundary of the teleportation crystal area and go into the monster zone.In a word, the 10th<br/>
floor is a golem factory. Golems are being mass produced all over the<br/>
manufacturing line and those golems will immediately attack an adventurer as<br/>
soon as it sees it. If you are getting deeper into the floor, the golems will<br/>
become much stronger. Likewise, the difficulty is going to increase too.As a matter of<br/>
course, the final boss of this floor is also a golem. The final boss is quite a<br/>
troublesome opponent and it has the ability to create another golem. However,<br/>
because our goal for today is not to conquer, we do not have any intention to<br/>
go into the boss room. Jin: “Note, if you<br/>
find any unique golem or rainbow crystal golem, can you lead me there?”Note: “Sure, but<br/>
why?” Unique golem is not<br/>
made from the mass production factory, but a single custom made. This type of<br/>
Golem has a peculiar ability and also requires more time and effort to defeat.<br/>
However, given that it is quite rare in number, the chances of meeting this<br/>
type of golem are very slim.On the contrary,<br/>
the rainbow golem is a type of mass produced golem. Characteristically, it has<br/>
several types of magic attributes and as it is implied by its name, the whole<br/>
body of a rainbow golem is covered with crystals with rainbow colored glow.<br/>
This golem can be found in the inner part of the 10th floor and is<br/>
also quite a formidable opponent. Jin: “Those two’s<br/>
body parts are especially highly valuable. You see, it’s because the Arriver<br/>
is losing a lot of money at the moment.” Jin’s words remind<br/>
me of our current situation. The current Arriver’s financial state is not as<br/>
good as the past. The main cause of this is wholly due to my and Erin’s<br/>
incident of being trapped in 20th floor. In order to find us, Jin<br/>
and the others used plenty of the Arriver’s saving to hire other dungeon<br/>
conqueror parties. Moreover, the parties which they hired were all top notches<br/>
parties. Out of the 50 parties of the dungeon conqueror in Purith town, there<br/>
are 4 parties which are pretty closed to conquer the dungeon, and they hired 3<br/>
groups of the best parties. ‘The Labyrinth<br/>
Knights’ is the biggest group in Purith town, which is consisted of multiple<br/>
parties that are joined in union. Additionally, this group is quite aggressive<br/>
in securing talents. The Labyrinth Knights are considered to be the first<br/>
candidate to conquer the dungeon because of its abundant funds and adventurers.Meanwhile,<br/>
‘Liberation’ (balance and lock) is a well-experienced party. They seem to have stepped<br/>
into another dungeon than the one near the Purith town. Because of the danger, many<br/>
adventurers lost their lives in the dungeon, therefore the average age group<br/>
of adventurers is mostly quite young. However, this group consists of the<br/>
oldest generation of adventurers. The fact that they are old means that they<br/>
have been through so many life-threatening situations, and it would be unlikely<br/>
for them to die in the dungeon. Nevertheless, this party has both abilities and<br/>
many accomplishments and they are also the group who has reached the deepest<br/>
part of the dungeon compare to anyone else.Then the next group<br/>
is quite eccentric, it only has women as its members. It’s called the<br/>
‘Valkyrie’ (the revenge of battle maiden). Their battle style is casting<br/>
spells, and they do not have a specialist on recovery spell.The last group with<br/>
the objective to conquer the dungeon is the Arrivers. With these groups were<br/>
being presented, all the top notches parties in conquering the dungeon were<br/>
involved in the incident.In the beginning,<br/>
Jin thought that we were being teleported to the 17th floor, hence<br/>
he requested a search party to look around the surrounding area of the 17th<br/>
floor. As a result, the<br/>
Arrivers lost a huge amount of money. Unfortunately, we<br/>
did not only lose our money. All things related to dungeon conquests such as<br/>
information, magic tools, and technologies that we had procured from the dungeon<br/>
were split out to the other groups. (Even the Over-Technology too) <br/>
Ultimately, the usefulness<br/>
of mapping skill in conquering the dungeon is also becoming well known. It’s not<br/>
an exaggeration to say that because of this incident, our hidden cards are<br/>
being spilled to the other groups.Translator note:Dear readers, I read the complaints about the last update, this chapter is very long, so I have to cut it into 3 parts. Thus, it was short. This is the first time we hear about other parties than the Arrivers. Why I feel like Miya might join the Valkyrie? Just a wild guess.  Previous TOC  Next ChapterIf you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
Share<br/>
Get link<br/>
Facebook<br/>
Twitter<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
Email<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
