[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c58](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/07/hazure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore.html)
<br/><br/>
July 05, 2020<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 58<br/>
Growth 2Translator: MasakiblueiNote: “Somehow, I’m<br/>
really sorry. Because of my fault, our party loses a lot of money.”<br/>
Jin: “Don’t be sorry.<br/>
After all, both of you did not start the incident.”<br/>
Jin shakes his head<br/>
and clasps his hands to dispel the uncomfortable atmosphere. <br/>
Jin: “For the time<br/>
being, let’s proceed to the inner part where the rainbow golems are gathered. “<br/>
Note: “Okay.”<br/>
While activating<br/>
<<Search Enemy>> art to probe the varieties of monster around the<br/>
area, I give him a reply.<br/>
Afterward, our party, the Arrivers start to advance into the 10th<br/>
floor.<br/>
Note: “A flock of red golems are in the right passage. There are 12 of<br/>
them.”<br/>
I relay the information that I<br/>
obtained from my [Mapping skill] and <<search enemy>> art to the<br/>
rest of the group. The other members start to move once I give them the news.<br/>
Rosalia and Force charge to the front and Jin is standing a step behind them.<br/>
Meanwhile, Erin is preparing a spell by loading her magical power into her<br/>
staff.<br/>
Each of the respective members of the Arrivers reaffirms their standing<br/>
position. After a long time, this party finally starts to act appropriately as<br/>
a group of dungeon conqueror.<br/>
The number of golems appearing on the 10th floor is<br/>
excessively numerous. I have a strong impression that our enemies’ strength is not<br/>
pretty high individually, but it’s a force to be reckoned because of the quantity.<br/>
Even at times like this, 8 light golems are coming from behind. At<br/>
this speed, catching up is just a matter of time.<br/>
Then I direct my eyes to the front. Right on the line of my gaze, Erin<br/>
casts a spell and annihilate the red golems. One of the challenges of this<br/>
floor is that there are too many enemies coming after us at once. And as a sorcerer,<br/>
her forte in long-range attack play a major role to finish the enemies. If we<br/>
are slow in finishing the golems, other batch of golems will keep coming to<br/>
surround us, and then we will be defeated by their numbers.  <br/>
Nevertheless, their outpouring numbers do not seem to be a concern for<br/>
our party’s sorcerer. Before we came into the dungeon, there were traces of uneasiness<br/>
in her eyes. However, the glint in her eyes have changed right now. Her eyes<br/>
show a strong determination to annihilate all the golems. Her facial expression<br/>
is the same as what she used to show before the 20th floor incident.<br/>
With her condition like this, she should be fine now. There’s no need to<br/>
worry about her anymore.  <br/>
Note: “Rosalia, please deal the light golems that are coming from the<br/>
back. Then in the inner plaza, there are 3 varieties herds of golems. I think<br/>
there are 35 in totals. “<br/>
Truly, in this floor, there are too many monsters are coming, huh………<br/>
Since the golems are coming one after another, I cannot take all the<br/>
parts easily. Although the red golem parts can be sold, the money that we can<br/>
get is not that much. It’s more efficient to search for the rainbow crystal golems<br/>
as soon as possible.<br/>
Shall I extend the range of my <<Search Enemy>> a little bit<br/>
more…………?<br/>
Thus, I extend the range of <<Search Enemy>> art up to 1 km ahead,<br/>
which is the additional effect of my [Mapping Skill]. As I extend my scope, the information of the monster’s presence and location<br/>
are showing on the intricate map inside my brain. Then I keep extending the scope further and further.<br/>
----I found it. <br/>
The location is really far from here. However, there is no mistake that<br/>
the presence belongs to the rainbow crystal golem. I recognize the presence<br/>
base on my memories of our exploration on the 10th floor in the<br/>
past. <br/>
Note: “Right in the 10 o’clock direction in front of us, I found one<br/>
rainbow crystal golem. There might be a rainbow crystal golem assembly line in<br/>
the same direction too. Shall we go there?”<br/>
Neme: “Good job!”<br/>
While Neme is being carried on my shoulder, she claps my back to appraise<br/>
me in a high spirit. <br/>
Neme: “It’s really great that we have Note!”<br/>
Note: “Is that so? Me too. I can finally feel that we are exploring the<br/>
dungeon now until I feel Neme Onee-san’s weight on my shoulder.”<br/>
Neme: “Heee~ Are you that happy when Neme rides on your shoulder?”<br/>
Note: “Well, that might be so.”<br/>
Somehow, her response is pretty good. Well, never mind. Neme’s response<br/>
is always off the mark.<br/>
Then I peek at Jin to see if he is following my direction. However, he makes<br/>
a really weird facial expression. He seems surprised and uncertain about<br/>
something. <br/>
Note: “Is there something wrong?”<br/>
Jin: “No, I didn’t feel any rainbow crystal golem’s presence……………”<br/>
Note: “Is that so? Then, I might be wrong. I’m sorry.”<br/>
I might have mistaken and imagined it as a rainbow crystal golem. After all,<br/>
I concluded it based on my memories of our exploration a few months ago, so it<br/>
cannot be trusted completely. When I try to put more concentration into my<br/>
<<Search Enemy>> art, Jin suddenly interrupts me. <br/>
Jin: “I don’t think you are wrong.”<br/>
Note: “But our results are different.”<br/>
Jin: “That’s what I mean.”<br/>
Then Jin continues to speak. <br/>
Jin: “Note’s scope of <<Search Enemy>> art is wider than me,<br/>
right. That’s mean that aren’t you better than me now?”<br/>
Note: “Am I really that good? Perhaps, it’s my mistake.”<br/>
Jin: “I don’t think so. Note-kun’s <<Search Enemy>> art has<br/>
improved. Perhaps due to the 20th floor incident.”<br/>
As I deeply reflect on his words, I come to realize that before the 20th<br/>
floor incident I couldn’t see this far ahead. Previously, I was able to know the<br/>
distance of the enemies and the level of their strength, but now my precision and<br/>
detail of information has improved in a big loop. I can categorize the enemies’<br/>
type, and accurately detect their movement.  <br/>
It goes beyond just seeing or sensing it. I might even able to sense the<br/>
monster even when I close my eyes. Rather than saying that the way I see the<br/>
world has changed, it might be more precise to say that I have obtained a new<br/>
sensory organ. <br/>
Note: “I relied on this art the most when I was stuck on the 20th<br/>
floor. I activated it 46 times per hour in order to avoid the monsters. “<br/>
Jin: “That must be tough. As I told you before, the arts like<br/>
<<Search Enemy>> and <<Trap Detection>> can be improved<br/>
by putting yourself in danger and using it numerous times. If you had been<br/>
using it the whole times in an extreme situation for 2 months, then I think your<br/>
skill has improved immensely.” <br/>
Note: “Is that’s how it works……”<br/>
I can accept Jin’s explanation, but at the same time, I also cannot<br/>
accept it. Therefore, I can only answer him vaguely.<br/>
I do feel that my <<Search Enemy>> art has improved. Moreover,<br/>
it has improved to an unbelievable extend. However, I can’t imagine that I have<br/>
surpassed Jin. I always think that Jin is the strongest assassin. He<br/>
is a wall that I cannot surpass. Because of this, I cannot imagine that I will<br/>
surpass him in even one type of art. <br/>
Jin: “Well, we will know when we go there……”<br/>
As Jin mutters that, we continue our exploration. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Translator note:Wooaaa.... If Note surpasses Jin, then he might be the strongest thief ever. Previous TOC  Next ChapterIf you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
Share<br/>
Get link<br/>
Facebook<br/>
Twitter<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
Email<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
