[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c59](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/07/hazure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore_13.html)
<br/><br/>
July 13, 2020<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 59<br/>
Jin vs Note 1Translator: MasakiblueiWhen we are on the<br/>
way home after our exploration on the 10th floor, Jin asks me. <br/>
Jin:” Do you have<br/>
any plan after this?”<br/>
In the end, the presence which I felt before truly belonged to the<br/>
Rainbow Crystal Golem. After we defeated that one, we finished several more of<br/>
Rainbow Crystal Golems until we decided that it was time for us to go home.<br/>
When we left the entrance of the dungeon, the road outside had been illuminated<br/>
in orange color. It’s already evening now.<br/>
Naturally, I have no plan at all. After all, I have zero close friends<br/>
in this town, and I also do not have any favorite diner to go.<br/>
When I ponder at my current state (no friends, no girlfriend, no life??),<br/>
somehow, I become sad. Well, I’ve been spending my time for training, so it<br/>
cannot help that I have no time to make friends, isn’t it……? It seems that I<br/>
cannot tease Neme or Erin that they don’t have any friends anymore. For the time<br/>
being, I should tell Jin that I am free. <br/>
Note: “I have no plan. So, what do you want to do?”<br/>
Jin: “That’s great. I was planning to ask you to do a practice match together<br/>
since it’s been a while.”<br/>
Note: “That would be nice.”<br/>
I feel excited about the sudden proposal. It’s been two months since I practice<br/>
against Jin. Naturally, I have been looking forward to it. <br/>
Note: “Oh yeah, Neme One-san, would you come along too?”<br/>
I ask Neme who is totteringly walking in front of me. She turns her head<br/>
to the back while blinking her eyes in a daze. <br/>
Neme: “Why?”<br/>
Note: “Can I not tell you the reason? It’s a secret.”<br/>
Neme: “I understand! You want to have a match with Neme! I’ll accept the<br/>
challenge!”<br/>
Then she throws several punches to my directions. <br/>
Neme: “I’ll beat Note in one punch!”<br/>
She is tremendously excited. Of course, her guess is also tremendously off<br/>
the mark. Since it will be troublesome if she misunderstands, I will only give<br/>
her a hint in one word. <br/>
Note: “It’s not like that. Please wait until I can tell you the reason.”<br/>
Neme: “By any chance………a confession……?”<br/>
Note: “………No.”<br/>
Neme-san, please don’t make any troublesome misunderstanding further………<br/>
Thus, the three of us, me, Jin, and Neme are coming to a vacant area near<br/>
the dungeon. This vacant area is the spot where I usually train with Jin. Our standing position is also the same as usual. We are facing each<br/>
other at a distance of 10 steps from each other. The only difference is the<br/>
existence of Neme. While standing in between us, she is still confused about the<br/>
whole situation.  <br/>
Neme: “Why did you call Neme?”<br/>
Note: “I ask you to come in case if someone between us gets hurt.”<br/>
Neme: “It’s not a confession!?" <br/>
Note: “I told you that’s not it………”<br/>
She still misunderstands…………Her shoulder drops down, and she feels<br/>
dejected. Then she watches us by the sideline. Meanwhile, Jin raises a voice to<br/>
ask a question. <br/>
Jin: “That’s mean, one of us will get an injury, isn’t it?”<br/>
Note: “Yeah.”<br/>
Jin: “That’s something to look forward for. To fight against Note. “<br/>
His eyes are glittering in excitement. For some reason, I feel that what<br/>
he imagines is different from what I had envisioned. However, he seems so happy,<br/>
so probably its better to keep his misunderstanding. Hence, I nod my head<br/>
without denying it. <br/>
Note: “Neme One-san, if you standing over there, you will get in the<br/>
way. Please find a refuge in a place that is safe from our fight. “<br/>
Neme: “Okay.”<br/>
With a steady pace, Neme rushes to a nearby vacant space. As I see her<br/>
retreating figure, I pull a dagger out of my waist. Jin also bends his body<br/>
and makes a steady posture. Although he does not take out any weapon, he is<br/>
completely ready for the fight.<br/>
At the moment, if I slightly lose my attention, he will instantly close<br/>
up the distance between us and finish the fight. Therefore, I cannot lose my<br/>
attention from him. And I am not intending to do that either. <br/>
Then, I also bend my body forward in a stand by position, while putting<br/>
all my concentration on every movement which is made by the assassin in front<br/>
of me. Right now, he is not moving at all. Perhaps, he is also being cautious<br/>
of me.<br/>
Actually, I am not a worthy opponent for Jin who is highly skilled as an<br/>
assassin. However, because of the <<Search Enemy>> incident in the<br/>
morning and my sudden proposal to ask Neme to join us, he becomes extra<br/>
vigilant toward me now.<br/>
He might be thinking that I have a special plan to go against him. On<br/>
the contrary, I have no trick or plan to beat Jin, so his wariness is completely<br/>
groundless. This time, I will make him do the first move. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Translator note:Another long chapter, so I have to cut into 3 parts. Cheers. Previous TOC  Next ChapterIf you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
Share<br/>
Get link<br/>
Facebook<br/>
Twitter<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
Email<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
