[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c60](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/07/hazure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore_22.html)
<br/><br/>
July 22, 2020<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 60<br/>
Jin vs Note 1Translator: MasakiblueiBreathe out and<br/>
slightly loose my grip on the dagger.<br/>
I have to give a<br/>
small cue for Jin to loose his tense. It’s a small cue that will be missed to<br/>
be seen unless you are a person who is experienced in fighting. But if it’s<br/>
Jin, he certainly will notice it and rushes over here to make his moves. However, he<br/>
perhaps has seen through my pretense.<br/>
But, if it’s him,<br/>
he will move. <br/>
Even if it’s<br/>
useless, I keep a safe distance from him. Afterall, my abilities cannot be<br/>
compared to him. For this reason, I truly believe that he will make the first<br/>
move. <br/>
---<<Fake<br/>
Shadow>><br/>
-----<<Extreme<br/>
Shadow>><br/>
My vision is<br/>
stained with darkness. My retina eyes are able to comprehend the surrounding<br/>
area at incredible speed and I jump backward. By doing so, I am saved from<br/>
Jin’s right hand that is trying to break my neck.<br/>
Even if I cannot<br/>
see it, I can still sense him with my <<Search Enemy>> that  has been sharpened by the extremities condition<br/>
on the 20th floor.<br/>
If it’s the current<br/>
me, I can see Jin’s attack.<br/>
The shadow’s<br/>
movement that is reflected in my mind seems to be slightly shaking. Perhaps,<br/>
Jin is surprised. Despite being shaken, his movement does not become slower. On<br/>
the contrary, his movement and attack are more agile and sharper compare to the<br/>
usual. His foot movement, faint ability, and other techniques are displayed at a<br/>
fast speed.<br/>
At the moment, I<br/>
just avoid all of his attacks. Because I can sense his hostility with <<Search<br/>
Enemy>>, I am able to correctly judge the timing of his attack. I’m not<br/>
afraid of his faint ability. However, I’m more afraid of his foot movement. For<br/>
the time being, I have to extend the distance between us and escape from the<br/>
range of his foot movement.  <br/>
As soon as Jin<br/>
realizes that these kinds of attacks won’t be able to bring me down, he takes<br/>
out a pitch black dagger. I think he is going to change his method and use his<br/>
[Shapeshifting Mineral] ability to attack.<br/>
This is bad.<br/>
Due to the dagger’s<br/>
elasticity, it will be hard to measure his attack range. The blade’s shape can<br/>
be manipulated in all directions, so it will be difficult to read his attack<br/>
line. Surely, it's not an exaggeration to say that his fighting style is to kill<br/>
anything that is closed to him.<br/>
I have to avoid<br/>
‘that’?<br/>
Regardless of my<br/>
anxiety, Jin mercilessly thrusting his blade towards me. He repeatedly aims to<br/>
my face. <br/>
If I get hit by<br/>
‘that’,I will die. Seriously. <br/>
It’s no joke. I<br/>
will be killed.<br/>
It was a mistake to<br/>
call Neme. In the beginning, I asked her to come because I need her to heal my<br/>
injuries that will appear from using <<Fake Shadow>>.  Now that Neme is here with her healing magic,<br/>
Jin does not hesitate to go all out with his attacks.<br/>
The next thing happens, Jin aims my solar<br/>
plexus with his shapeshifting blade. Thus, I twist my body to avoid his attack.<br/>
As I do that, the black dagger bends in zigzag and goes toward the top of my<br/>
right foot. Using <<Withdraw>> I switch to my left foot right away<br/>
and jump in succession to avoid the black dagger that keeps chasing after me.<br/>
Then I take another two and three steps to maintain the distance.<br/>
As the name’s<br/>
suggest, Jin’s skill, [Shapeshifting Mineral] is an ability to freely<br/>
manipulate any mineral that he touches. He can change the shape of a mineral<br/>
without any limitation but he cannot alter the mass or volume of the mineral.<br/>
The more he stretches out his blade, the blade will become thinner and more<br/>
fragile. If he stretches out too much, even the powerless me can easily snap<br/>
the blade with my hand.<br/>
Eventually Jin<br/>
thinks that using the blade to chase after me is not enough. Thus, he uses<br/>
<<Rapid Movement>> art to shorten the distance between us. Although<br/>
I wish to avoid being close to him, it’s impossible to attack him from a far<br/>
distance.<br/>
In the first place,<br/>
I do not have any attacking arts. Consequently, I have zero chance to win<br/>
against Jin in close combat. Moreover, I am unable to come up with any method to<br/>
win against him neither. There is no other option except to keep moving away<br/>
from him. My only chance is to coincidentally hit Jin with my poor attacking<br/>
skills. The only thing that I can do now is to keep avoiding his attack and<br/>
endure. <br/>
-----Eh?<br/>
Suddenly I feel my<br/>
right foot is strongly pulled. An unexpected force abruptly throws off my<br/>
balance. Without any chance to make any defensive stance, I am being slammed<br/>
backward really hard to the ground.<br/>
My body and my head<br/>
hit the ground with a strong force. The impact directly strikes to my lung. All<br/>
the air inside goes out subsequently. The sound of creaking ribs also vibrates<br/>
at the same time.<br/>
As I open my eyes,<br/>
I can see the broad sky which is dyed by the sunset. The clouds that are darkened by the shadow are also floating in the sky.<br/>
When I come to my<br/>
sense, I realize that I fall with my back lying on the ground. No, to be exact,<br/>
I was thrown to the ground by something. <br/>
----What was<br/>
happened?<br/>
Rather than pain,<br/>
the only thing that comes up to me is just this question. <br/>
Jin: “It’s my win.”<br/>
Jin says those<br/>
words while looking down at me. Ignoring his gaze at me, I raise my upper half<br/>
body to look at my right foot. As I put my eyes on it, I find some black<br/>
strings roll around my right ankle. The shiny string is loose and has no<br/>
tension. The tip of the string is attached to Jin’s left hem of his pants. <br/>
Note: “Huh?”<br/>
I completely cannot<br/>
understand the current situation. When I turn my eyes on Jin, he is smiling<br/>
while offering his hand to me.<br/>
On his right hand,<br/>
there is the black dagger. The material of the dagger is similar to the strings<br/>
that are attached to my right ankle. <br/>
Note: “……What on<br/>
earth is that?”<br/>
Jin: “It’s nothing<br/>
actually.”<br/>
As he says that, he<br/>
rolls up his left pants. Then I see that the string is actually connected to<br/>
Jin’s left ankle band. <br/>
Jin: “This is a<br/>
metal ankle band. That’s why I can freely manipulate it like this.”<br/>
The strings that<br/>
wrap around my right feet begins to unravel. It twists and moves like a plant<br/>
monster. <br/>
Note: “Isn’t that<br/>
cheating?”<br/>
I know that he is<br/>
able to manipulate his dagger. But the fact that he can manipulate mineral that<br/>
touches any parts of his body is beyond my expectation.<br/>
His skill is too<br/>
strong……<br/>
During our first<br/>
introduction, he only said that he is able to manipulate any object that is<br/>
purely made out of mineral and did not give out any proper explanation of the<br/>
extend of his skill. Although it was my fault that I only pay attention to his<br/>
dagger, it was still a sly move. <br/>
Jin: “Well, I don’t<br/>
mean to brag. But most of the people who see it for the first time always fall<br/>
into this trick. From a long time ago, I have been keeping this as a secret. “<br/>
The black strings that come from the ankle change its shape into a blade and cut the grass on<br/>
the ground. <br/>
Note: “Are you by<br/>
any chance also wearing the same thing on your right ankle?”<br/>
 Jin: “Of course. I also wear the same thing on my arm or<br/>
waist. “<br/>
It’s a foul play. I<br/>
will never be able to win against him. <br/>
Note: “This skill.<br/>
Isn’t it too strong?”<br/>
Jin: “That’s not<br/>
true. Certainly, this trick works well in close combat, but I can’t use this in<br/>
a long-distance fight. In addition, this trick is also insufficient to use<br/>
against monsters in the dungeon. It will also be an inconvenience if I cannot get<br/>
a valid hit on the opponent. “<br/>
Note: “Nonetheless,<br/>
I still find it very useful”<br/>
As a person who does<br/>
not have any attack skills, I’m envious of Jin’s ability. Although there is a<br/>
big gap between my fighting skill and Jin’s, his special skill adds more gap<br/>
between us. Ultimately, the huge gap between us cannot be filled. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Translator note:Sorry guys, I had problems with my internet so I couldn't upload it last Monday. The fight pretty much over with Jin's win for now. But if Note learns some offensive arts he might have more winning chances against him. Previous TOC  Next ChapterIf you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
Share<br/>
Get link<br/>
Facebook<br/>
Twitter<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
Email<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
