[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c61](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/07/hazure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore_27.html)
<br/><br/>
July 27, 2020<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 61<br/>
Jin vs Note 3Translator: MasakiblueiIn<br/>
the beginning, I was thinking to retort back at him. However, since I got to know<br/>
his hidden card, I put those thoughts aside. Ultimately, we are talking about<br/>
Jin here. To put it differently, it’s not strange at all for Jin to have one or<br/>
two hidden cards under his sleeve. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Speaking of which, Neme-onesan. Can you please cast some recovery spell on me?<br/>
“<br/>
Activating<br/>
<<Fake Shadow>> causes my joints and muscles to scream in pain. I<br/>
thought it would be okay if I used it for a short time, but apparently it is<br/>
not okay at all.<br/>
<<Fake<br/>
Shadow>> is a powerful art. Hence, this art is too much to handle with my<br/>
untrained body. Once I deactivate the art, I will be attacked with an incredible amount of pain, to the point that it’s hard for me to move my body.<br/>
With this kind of condition, it’s difficult to active <<Fake<br/>
Shadow>> when I am alone.<br/>
If<br/>
I use it for a long period of time like on my last battle on the 20th<br/>
floor, I won’t be able to move at all and even lose all my control of my body. This<br/>
weakness can be fatal when I am in the middle of a battle. I’m not as good as Jin<br/>
yet. <br/>
Neme:<br/>
“E……Yes!!”<br/>
Perhaps<br/>
she does not think that I was talking to her. Therefore, Neme jolted when I called<br/>
for her. After that, while saying, “Ei!”, Neme grandly swings her staff. Straightaway<br/>
afterward, my whole body is being enveloped in turquoise colored lights. <br/>
Jin:<br/>
“Did you get hurt somewhere?”<br/>
After<br/>
he judges that my joints are all in pain, he asks for my condition. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Actually, I did not get hurt. This is the side effect of the arts. “<br/>
Jin:<br/>
“So that’s how it is. Oh yeah, I was really surprised. I didn’t expect that you<br/>
would be able to use <<Fake Shadow>>,<br/>
Note:<br/>
“The reaction is still slower comparing to yours, and the side effects are<br/>
still too much for my body. I still haven’t mastered it yet. “<br/>
Jin:<br/>
“I don’t think so. It’s pretty good that you are able to master it this far. If<br/>
you keep practicing it continuously, you will master it soon. You might be even<br/>
faster than me.”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“That’s impossible……”<br/>
Jin:<br/>
“You think so?”<br/>
Jin<br/>
puts his dagger back inside the sheath and offers his hand out to me. I grab his<br/>
hand and raise my body to stand up. <br/>
Jin:<br/>
“Seeing you like this, it seems that it would be good for Note-kun to start<br/>
learning on attacking arts. “<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Attacking arts……”<br/>
After<br/>
hearing those words, my heart starts to feel really hot. <br/>
Finally.<br/>
Finally, I have been recognized and reached this stage.<br/>
It’s<br/>
been nearly a year since I joined the Arrivers. The first time I joined this<br/>
party, I was only told to learn supporting arts such as << Search<br/>
Enemy>> or <<Trap Detection>>. However, from that on, the desire<br/>
to learn attacking arts has been buried in me. My wish has finally come true now. <br/>
An essential ornament for an adventurer. Arts that are used mainly for combat. This<br/>
is what you call attacking art. If a person does not have any single<br/>
attacking art under his sleeve, no matter how many other arts he has mastered, he<br/>
cannot ever call himself as a full-fledged adventurer.<br/>
Finally,<br/>
I am able to raise myself from a half scale adventurer to a full fledge<br/>
adventurer. Although I shouldn’t be satisfied yet with this kind of<br/>
achievement, as expected a happy thing is still a thing to be happy for. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Thank you very much! I will be in your care, Jin-san!”<br/>
Jin:<br/>
“Well, but I’m not the one who will teach you……”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Eh!?”<br/>
I<br/>
raise my voice due to the unexpected answer. Because Jin does not give me a<br/>
full explanation, my mouth is wide open. <br/>
Jin:<br/>
“To sum it up, Note-kun’s fighting style is a thief. Rather than learning<br/>
attacking arts of an assassin like me, I want you to learn attacking arts of a<br/>
thief. Although the arts that can be used for these two occupations are quite<br/>
similar, there are also some differences in here or there. “<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Does that mean that I have to learn these arts not from Jin, but from other<br/>
person who is a thief?”<br/>
Jin:<br/>
“Yes. I have been talking to people about a famous thief in this town in your<br/>
stead, so you do not need to worry about searching for a teacher to teach you. “<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Who is it, this person? Do I know him?”<br/>
Jin:<br/>
“It’s a girl called Reese. Do you know her? She is a girl who belongs to Valkyrie<br/>
(The Revenge of Battle Maiden) party. “<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Do you know her, Neme-onesan?”<br/>
Neme:<br/>
“Of course! I know that Valkyrie is a famous group! This much I do know!”<br/>
Even<br/>
I know that the group is famous. However, I do not know any person who belongs to<br/>
that group. It’s been a while since I came to Purith town, but I am not<br/>
completely aware of the circumstances or rumors in this town. For the most<br/>
part, I have been only paying attention to improving myself that I have no<br/>
leeway to look around. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Then, do you know the person?”<br/>
Neme:<br/>
“I don’t know because I never met nor talk to her! Neme is not good at speaking<br/>
with a person who Neme meet for the first time!”<br/>
While<br/>
raising her fist upon the air, she makes a triumphant look. Seeing her like<br/>
this, I feel stumped. Oh yeah, I have forgotten……Neme is shy with strangers. <br/>
Jin:<br/>
“Please rest assured, she is not a weird person. At least, compared to the rest<br/>
of the members of the Arrivers, she has more common sense. “<br/>
Note:<br/>
“I see……”<br/>
When<br/>
I turn my eyes on Neme, who is on the top rank of weirdo in the Arrivers, our<br/>
eyes meet with each other. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“Why are looking at me?”<br/>
Neme:<br/>
“It’s nothing.”<br/>
However,<br/>
her facial expression does not match what she says. It’s definitely not<br/>
nothing at all………Am I also a weirdo too……? At least I’m confident that I am<br/>
more normal than Neme…………<br/>
Note:<br/>
“Well, if Jin-san said so, I’m relieved. To be honest, I want Jin to teach me personally.<br/>
“<br/>
Jin:<br/>
“Sorry. But I’m not an expert in Thief arts. I think Reese will be a better<br/>
teacher for you.”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“I understand. By the way, why won’t you teach me the assassin arts? You said<br/>
that the assassin arts and thief arts are quite similar……”<br/>
Jin:<br/>
“In the first place, assassin arts are techniques to kill people. It’s often unsuitable<br/>
to use it against the monsters. And such, these arts can only be learned<br/>
through a life threatening situation. You cannot improve it by only getting<br/>
into a fight or battle. Only by killing people or nearly being killed that you<br/>
are able to improve your mastery for the assassin arts. Compare to the thief<br/>
arts, it’s harder to learn.”<br/>
Note:<br/>
“But, Jin is really good at assassin arts. Then there would be some exceptions,<br/>
right?”<br/>
Jin:<br/>
“There might be some exception. But unfortunately, I do not belong to that<br/>
exception.”<br/>
The<br/>
words that I said without thinking are immediately being denied by Jin. When<br/>
Jin retorts me, he does not wear any single smile. He is being completely<br/>
serious. In the first place,  Jin is not the type of person who likes to joke around. <br/>
Note:<br/>
“The, then……”<br/>
 Without caring for my overwhelming shock, Jin indifferently<br/>
continues. <br/>
Jin: “The reason why I become the<br/>
best assassin is because I have killed a lot of people more than anyone else. I’m<br/>
not a good person as you think. If someone calls me the worst villain in<br/>
the city, I won’t deny it.”<br/>
Because<br/>
I cannot find any words to say to him, I remind silent. I cannot imagine Jin<br/>
killing people in my mind and that’s not the Jin that I know neither. The Jin<br/>
that I know is a gentle and reliable member of the Arrivers.<br/>
At<br/>
this moment, I come to realize that I do not know anything about the party<br/>
members at all. Not only Jin, I do not know anything about Force, Neme or<br/>
Rosalia. Except for Erin, I do not know what they did in the past or how they ended<br/>
up in this town. While I feel astonished about this fact, I also feel slightly<br/>
lonely. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Translator note:Somehow I'm not as surprised as Note. In the beginning, when Jin was introduced as an assassin I already had a hunch that he had killed people in the past. After all, an assassin's job is to kill people, and if he is the best in this occupation, then it makes sense. Previous TOC  Next ChapterIf you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
Share<br/>
Get link<br/>
Facebook<br/>
Twitter<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
Email<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
