[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c62](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/08/hazure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore.html)
<br/><br/>
August 10, 2020<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 62<br/>
 First Meeting with ReeseTranslator: MasakiblueiIn this world,<br/>
there are two types of people. <br/>
People who always be<br/>
on time with their appointment and people who always be late. Personally, I<br/>
consider myself to be the previous type, and somehow, the other person who I am<br/>
supposed to meet with is the latter type. I have been waiting roughly for almost<br/>
30 minutes. Because I have been waiting for so long, the thought that I might have<br/>
mistaken the meeting place and time has also come to my mind. However, before I<br/>
left, I had confirmed it out so many times. In addition, the person who set up<br/>
the appointment was Jin, and considering his personality, there should not be<br/>
any miscommunication about meeting place and time. Therefore, it most likely<br/>
that Reese from the Valkyrie is late for our appointment. <br/>
From now on, I will<br/>
rely on her to teach me Thief arts, but I feel a little bit anxious. Is she a<br/>
good person? Although Jin had told me about her, I hope she is not a<br/>
troublesome person. In the first place, I’m unsure that Reese will come here. <br/>
I begin to worry<br/>
and start to look around. But I do not find a person with her characteristic.<br/>
Well, even if I start to get impatient, it won’t help her to come here quickly.<br/>
I should just wait patiently……<br/>
After I decide to<br/>
wait for her patiently, Reese finally come after an hour later. <br/>
Reese: “Hiiii,<br/>
sorry, sorry. I make you wait a little bit.”<br/>
A woman with both<br/>
hands joint together appears in front of me and bows down lightly. She has a<br/>
shortcut black hair. She is quite tall and she seems to be as old as Jin. She<br/>
wears a small short sleeves white shirt with short brown pants which gives her<br/>
a casual appearance. <br/>
Note: “I don’t<br/>
think it was a bit though………”<br/>
Reese: “What a<br/>
stingy guy. A man should always forgive a woman’s lateness with a smile on his<br/>
face. “<br/>
She lectures me<br/>
while hitting my shoulder like a close friend. <br/>
So noisy. My heart<br/>
is not big enough to forgive a girl who is late for an hour and a half for our<br/>
first meeting. Moreover, why she does not feel any guilt at all? At least, she<br/>
should show an apologetic face for being late. Since I’m a considerate man, I won’t<br/>
bring this up. Thus, I decide to keep it to myself not because I am timid and<br/>
cannot talk back to stranger, I’m just being considerate. <br/>
Note: “You must be<br/>
Reese-san, right?”<br/>
Reese: “Right! But you<br/>
can’t call me that! From now on you are my disciple, so you have to call me<br/>
Master! Alright?”<br/>
Note: “…………Haaa.”<br/>
I don’t like a pushy<br/>
person like this………<br/>
Even if you<br/>
actually disagree, you will end up to let the other person do as she please.<br/>
However by doing so, you will end up tired because you have to keep following<br/>
her pace………Well, in the past, during my days as a stray adventurer, I used to<br/>
deal with this kind of people a lot. It should not be a problem for me. <br/>
In the meantime,<br/>
Reese continues to speak while completely ignoring my reaction. <br/>
Reese: “Are you the<br/>
one in the rumor? The one who kidnap a little girl?”<br/>
Note: “I’m Note<br/>
Athlon.”<br/>
Reese: “Then I will<br/>
call you the Little girl kidnapper.”<br/>
Note: “Even though<br/>
I gave you my full name so that you won’t call me that………”<br/>
Reese: “It’s easier<br/>
to call you with the name that I have heard so many times. Then can I call you<br/>
the Little girl Kidnapper?”<br/>
Woa. <br/>
This person…………don’t<br/>
mess with me………<br/>
Moreover, isn’t this<br/>
our first meeting…………?<br/>
Note: “Just do as<br/>
you like. But I still prefer to be called Note. On the other hand, why do you<br/>
want to meet up in a place like this?”<br/>
Our meeting place<br/>
is a coffee shop in a less popular area in the Purith town. This location is<br/>
pretty far from our party house and in the opposite side of the dungeon in the<br/>
south of the city. I have never been setting my foot around here much. The place<br/>
is quite desolate and I did not pass with much people on my way here. Except<br/>
for the employee of the coffee shop, there is no other person inside the shop<br/>
beside the two of us. <br/>
Reese: “This shop<br/>
has a good ambiance. Don’t you think so?”<br/>
Note: “Certainly, I<br/>
like the quietness but it’s quite far from the party house.”<br/>
Reese: “Don’t say<br/>
that. There are a lot of reasons why I chose this place.”<br/>
Note: “Reason?”<br/>
Reese: “Even if you<br/>
are pretty much a little girl kidnapper, you are still a man. If I am being<br/>
seen together with you, it will be bad. “<br/>
Pretty much. Pretty<br/>
much a little girl kidnapper but still a man. <br/>
She really drills<br/>
into my patience. <br/>
Note: “It would be<br/>
bad if your boyfriend sees us, huh.”<br/>
Reese: “It’s not<br/>
like that. Eh? Don’t you know? The story about our party leader?”<br/>
Note: “I don’t know<br/>
at all……”<br/>
What story?<br/>
It’s been a while<br/>
since I came to this town, so I do not know that much people in this time. I’m<br/>
also quite ignorant about gossips so I completely do not know anything about other<br/>
partys. <br/>
Reese: “I see. Then<br/>
I will tell you about our leader. Our leader has a complete distrust toward<br/>
man. It seems that she has a grudge with a man.”<br/>
Reese puts both of<br/>
her hands behind head and continue with her story. <br/>
Reese: “Originally,<br/>
she was a young lady from a famous sorcerer lineage family. But then she got<br/>
into debt because of marriage fraud. Since then, she won’t accept any intimate<br/>
relationship with men.”<br/>
Note: “That must have<br/>
been a nightmare…”<br/>
Reese: “Thus, she<br/>
becomes an adventurer and dives into the dungeon in order to pay back her debt.<br/>
Then she created a group only for woman adventurers, Valkyrie (The Revenge of<br/>
Battle Maidens). “<br/>
Note: “Her drive to<br/>
take action must be great……”<br/>
Reese: “Because of this<br/>
late thirty woman, if a member has a scent of man on her, she will be<br/>
immediately be expulsed from the party. Her head is really crazy.”<br/>
She must be really<br/>
crazy. Expulsion just because of that………<br/>
Reese: “Since she<br/>
is such a person, this current situation is not beneficial for me. Though our<br/>
leader thinks that this is just a business deal with Jin, but once she sees us together,<br/>
she might think otherwise……”<br/>
Note: “What is the<br/>
deal with Jin?”-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Translator note:My guess seems to be wrong. For a moment I thought Miya was the leader of Valkyrie. Previous TOC  Next ChapterIf you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
Share<br/>
Get link<br/>
Facebook<br/>
Twitter<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
Email<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
