[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c63](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/08/hazure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore_18.html)
<br/><br/>
August 18, 2020<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 63<br/>
 A Huge ObstacleTranslator: MasakiblueiNote: “What is the deal<br/>
with Jin?”<br/>
Reese: “We continue<br/>
to do business with Jin after we helped to search for you, Little girl kidnapper-kun<br/>
and the Bratty girl in exchange for money and information about the monsters in<br/>
the dungeon. The highest level our party has reached is the 14th<br/>
floor. Compare to the others, our progress is the slowest and I cannot<br/>
contribute much to the party. However, Jin has been requesting me to train you<br/>
and the rewards that he offers is quite a lot. So, I think this is not a bad<br/>
deal. “<br/>
So there is a<br/>
backstory like that……<br/>
The more I listen<br/>
to her, the more I realize that I have been giving Jin a hard time. It seems<br/>
that I’m a person who cannot do anything by myself……<br/>
By the way, who is<br/>
this ‘Bratty Girl’?<br/>
Was she talking<br/>
about Erin? <br/>
Though I’m curious<br/>
why she called her that, let’s not touch the subject. <br/>
Somehow, I can also<br/>
guess the reason. <br/>
Reese: “It’s a waste<br/>
of time to continue talking here. Let’s move on and start the training. Little<br/>
Girl Kidnapper-kun, your reason to come here is to learn the fighting arts of a<br/>
thief. You must be impatient to start the special training too, right? “<br/>
Reese raises both her<br/>
hands and stretches her body. Then she drinks the rest of her coffee.<br/>
On the other hand, my<br/>
coffee has already finished a long time ago. <br/>
Note: “If you think<br/>
so, then don’t be late for an hour and a half.”<br/>
Reese: “I’m sorry<br/>
about that. I will pay for the cost you spend to get here.”<br/>
Then she stands up<br/>
and waves her hand while walking toward the counter. As I see her walking away from<br/>
behind, I begin to admire her adult-like manner. <br/>
Ten seconds later,<br/>
she returns to our table. <br/>
Reese: “I’m sorry! I<br/>
forgot my wallet because I was in a rush to get here! Let me borrow your money!<br/>
“<br/>
Reese: “Fu fu fu<br/>
fufu. I see, so that’s how it is…”<br/>
Before we start our<br/>
special training, Reese would like to see my real ability. There are monsters<br/>
outside the outer wall of the city. Therefore, we get out of the city and<br/>
head into the forest. She said that she would understand my ability better by watching<br/>
me fighting the monsters that reside in the forest, but-<br/>
Reese: “You are<br/>
really weak, huh.”<br/>
Note: “Isn’t that a<br/>
given? Since I can’t use any attacking arts………”<br/>
At the moment, I am<br/>
in a situation where I cannot defeat the monsters at all. Even though I am<br/>
able to evade the monster’s repeated attacks by using my avoidance arts, unfortunately, my attacking skill is really poor. Each time I fight against a monster, I end<br/>
up in a stalemate and need Reese’s help to finish the fight. <br/>
Reese: “It’s not<br/>
only because of that. Perhaps, because you have only been learning the<br/>
avoidance arts, you are always running away too much from the monsters. Is it<br/>
out of habit? Or because you have no sense of fighting?”<br/>
Note: “I might have<br/>
no sense of fighting…?”<br/>
Reese: “I’m not<br/>
really sure because I haven’t started to train you yet. For the time being, I can’t<br/>
expect much of you……”<br/>
Although I’m a<br/>
little bit sad about her comment, the only thing that I can do from now on is<br/>
to work even harder. Nevertheless, I have managed to get this far by this kind of<br/>
attitude. Unless I put this in mind, I won’t be able to achieve anything. <br/>
Reese: “In addition,<br/>
there is something that is out of place-. Little Girl Kidnapper-kun, how did<br/>
you do training?”<br/>
Note: “What is it that<br/>
out of place?”<br/>
Reese: “When I watched<br/>
you, it seems that you are extremely good at evasion arts like<br/>
<<Stealth>>. However, your attacking skill is really poor. For<br/>
example, your <<Search Enemy>> is also far better than me. You can even<br/>
detect the enemy from a faraway distance.”<br/>
Note: “I see……”<br/>
Reese: “And such,<br/>
how come you are extremely good at a useless skill like <<Search Enemy>>?”<br/>
Useless, she said……<br/>
Note: “If you ask<br/>
the reason……I basically always activate this art in my daily life. And then<br/>
when I was stuck on the 20th floor, because of the life-threatening<br/>
conditions there, I was continuously activating this art for the whole time……… “<br/>
Reese: “Uwa!? You were<br/>
continuously activating this art!? Seriously?? The <<Search Enemy>><br/>
art uses a great deal of concentration. Don’t you feel tired? If it’s me, it<br/>
would be impossible. Rather than practicing that, I would prefer to spend my<br/>
time to train on attacking arts.”<br/>
I can understand<br/>
Reese’s point of view. But this art has helped me to come back alive from the 20th<br/>
floor. Therefore, I do not feel any regret about the effort that I spent. <br/>
Reese: “What shall I<br/>
do-? I’m at loss to choose which kind of thief attacking skill that will suit<br/>
you, Little Girl Kidnapper-kun. “<br/>
Note: “Right now,<br/>
what are you confused about?”<br/>
Reese: “I haven’t made<br/>
up my mind yet. For an adventurer, it’s crucial to decide what kind of direction you want to go from here on, so I want to firmly decide……”<br/>
Reese groans while<br/>
hitting her head.<br/>
Because of her mature<br/>
appearance, she does not look childish when she acts childish like this. <br/>
Reese:” To begin<br/>
with, do you know about the general idea of Thief fighting style?”<br/>
I shake my head to<br/>
answer Reese’s question. After she affirms my response, she starts to explain. <br/>
Reese: “In general,<br/>
thief and assassin’s fighting styles are not suitable for dungeon exploration.”<br/>
Note: “Eh? Why? “<br/>
Reese: “The deeper<br/>
you go into the dungeon; the monsters are stronger and they also have more<br/>
stamina. So, it’s harder to slaughter them. Thus, a fighting style with a higher<br/>
power has more advantage.”<br/>
If I’m not<br/>
mistaken, even in the Arrivers, the Boss is always being taken down by Erin’s<br/>
destructive firepower magic or Force who is able to chop down a huge monster. <br/>
Reese: “For this<br/>
reason, lightweight class attacker like Thief and Assassin is not popular. Of<br/>
course, we are only talking in regard to dungeon exploration. This kind of fighting<br/>
style is quite powerful against the monsters outside the dungeon and humans,<br/>
thus there are a lot of thief and assassin adventurers exist. However, there is<br/>
no other thief and assassin who is specialized in dungeon exploration except<br/>
for me and Jin.”<br/>
Is this the reason<br/>
why Jin asked Reese to train me?<br/>
Because she is the<br/>
only thief who is specialized in dungeon exploration. <br/>
Note: “Then can I<br/>
just imitate Master’s thief fighting style? Master has experienced in fighting<br/>
with the monsters in the dungeon, right? “<br/>
Reese: “I don’t<br/>
think Little Girl Kidnapper-kun can imitate my fighting style. Because my main<br/>
skill is my fighting style.”<br/>
After she said<br/>
that, Reese takes a small knife out of her inside pocket. It’s only an<br/>
ordinary, small iron knife. She pinches the knife with her forefinger and<br/>
middle finger and then she suddenly shakes her arm and throws the knife forward. Afterward, a loud sound explodes in the direction of the knife. When I turn my gaze toward<br/>
the sound, I can see a huge tree trunk with a hole on it. <br/>
Reese: “I have throwing<br/>
skill. But I won’t tell you the specific detail of my skill, because it’s a<br/>
secret. During the dungeon exploration, I can throw a special knife or bomb that<br/>
is made by the alchemist in the group to slaughter the monster. Therefore,<br/>
Little Girl Kidnapper-kun who has different skill won’t be able to imitate me.”<br/>
Note: “Although it<br/>
is simple, it’s really powerful. As I thought, skill plays a major part……”<br/>
Reese: “That’s<br/>
obviously. Jin himself also has some strong points like his shapeshifting and speed<br/>
ability. If you think about it, Little Girl Kidnapper-kun, your biggest obstacle<br/>
is the fact that you do not possess any single fighting skill to begin with.”<br/>
Note: “Biggest obstacle…”<br/>
I was invited to<br/>
join the Arrivers because of my [Mapping] skill, but because I do not possess<br/>
any single of fighting skill, it would be hard for me to join any fighting<br/>
activity. Certainly, this is a huge obstacle. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Translator note:Hi everyone, I hope everyone is doing fine. Please stay safe and healthy. My schedule is still quite hectic so I might not be exactly on time with my deadline. It might be off by a day or so but I will try to keep a weekly update for this series. I feel bad for Note. But since the 20th floor arc, I think he is more suitable in strategy than on hand fighting. He is more like the brain than muscle. Previous TOC  Next ChapterIf you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
Share<br/>
Get link<br/>
Facebook<br/>
Twitter<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
Email<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
