[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c64](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/08/azure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore.html)
<br/><br/>
August 25, 2020<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 64<br/>
 Presented TaskTranslator: MasakiblueiReese: “Usually, a<br/>
person tends to train arts that is in correlation with their skills. But Little<br/>
Girl Kidnapper-kun, you have no skill, so it would be very difficult for you-<br/>
No, that might not be true……Originally, Jin made you learn the <<Search<br/>
Enemy>> art wholeheartedly because of your [Mapping Skill] . The art<br/>
seems to suit you well because of this……”<br/>
Then I throw a<br/>
proposal at Reese who grumbles to herself.<br/>
Note: “For the time<br/>
being, shall I learn various arts until I become very good at it?”<br/>
Reese: “I’m not<br/>
sure about that. It takes at least about a month to learn an art without any<br/>
skill to bump it up. It’s easier to focus on learning arts that use a great<br/>
deal of concentration.  The reason why your<br/>
<<Search Enemy>> art is much better compared to other thief is<br/>
because you do not spend any time to learn any fighting arts. Usually, a thief<br/>
adventurer will train some fighting arts and other arts in the ratio of 7:3. But<br/>
in your case, it’s 0:10. “<br/>
Note: “Then is it<br/>
better for me to completely master one skill?”<br/>
Reese: “Mastering<br/>
one art to the extreme is pretty rare, but it might not be a bad thing. By the<br/>
way, Little Girl Kidnapper-kun, do you know who is the strongest person in this<br/>
country?”<br/>
Note: “I don’t know……Although<br/>
I don’t know the name, is it a general of the country?”<br/>
Reese: “There is<br/>
such speculation too. But Force of your party might be capable to beat the General.<br/>
And Jin, who is famous as an assassin with the strongest close combat fighting<br/>
style is also noteworthy to be included. “<br/>
Note: “Force and<br/>
Jin are that strong?”<br/>
Reese: “It’s not that!<br/>
All the members in your party are abnormally blessed with skills! Each of them seems<br/>
to be the top star in their own battle style. Your group also the strongest contender<br/>
to conquer the dungeon.”<br/>
Everyone in the party<br/>
is amazing to that degree? <br/>
Perhaps because I<br/>
am used to seeing them close by, I completely forget about this. In the past,<br/>
although I was not interested in conquering the dungeon, I still knew their name.<br/>
Isn’t it natural that they are amazing?<br/>
Why a person who is<br/>
even lower than a mediocre adventurer like me is able to join such an amazing<br/>
party……? When I think about it, it’s such a strange story. <br/>
Note: “Then who is<br/>
it? Who is the strongest person in this country?”<br/>
Reese: “That’s<br/>
right. Let’s go back to this story. The strongest candidate is an assassin. His<br/>
real name is unknown but he has a nickname. His nickname is “Head Cutter”. He<br/>
is famous to cut off all of his targets’ heads with a brilliant clean cut. “<br/>
Note: “What kind of<br/>
person is he? Since he is skillful in beheading, then he must be good with swords…”<br/>
Reese: “Unfortunately<br/>
nobody knows. There are many parts that are still clouded in mystery. Based on<br/>
the clean cut of his victims, we only know that he is highly skilled with<br/>
sword. “<br/>
Note: “Then, why-“<br/>
Reese: “It’s<br/>
because no one was able to sense him. He was highly skilled in <<Stealth>><br/>
that no one was able to detect him. Once you see him in front of you, he<br/>
already cuts off your head without you even notice him. <br/>
-----<<Stealth>>.<br/>
It’s one of the arts<br/>
that I’m really good at. I know it really well that this art is not that powerful.<br/>
The type of monsters that can be fought with this art is limited. Once you<br/>
attack your target, your presence will be leaked out instantly. The assassin<br/>
story is truly a story that is hard to believe. <br/>
Note:” Is this story<br/>
real? This assassin who no one truly knows about is just like a ghost, don’t you<br/>
think?”  <br/>
Reese: “His story seems<br/>
to be like an urban legend. But I do believe that it’s a real story. There were<br/>
real victims and before the assassination he always sent out a notice. Aren’t those<br/>
enough proof of his existence?”<br/>
Note: “Isn’t it too<br/>
bold for an assassin to send a notice to his target that he is going to kill<br/>
him?"<br/>
Reese: “Despite the<br/>
backlash, his is the best in cutting people’s head while no one is able to sense<br/>
his presence. Even Force or Jin too won’t be able to match an enemy that they are<br/>
not able to sense too right? “<br/>
Note: “In that<br/>
case, no one will be able to beat him, right?”<br/>
Reese: “That’s<br/>
right. Even if his method is despicable, but it’s invincible. If it’s me, I absolutely<br/>
do not want to fight against him. I don’t want to die.  Rather than large [Throwing Skill] like mine,<br/>
I wish that I was blessed with amazing stealth skill to the point that I was<br/>
named as the strongest person in this country-“<br/>
Note: “So, Master’s<br/>
skill is large [Throwing Skill] ……”<br/>
Reese: “Ah! I spill<br/>
the bean!! It’s my miss!! This is a secret, okay! If you tell anyone, I will throw<br/>
a knife at you!”<br/>
Reese puts her<br/>
hands together and winks at me. Even though she makes a playful pose, her<br/>
remark is terrifying. She gives me a threat!<br/>
Note: “Actually I<br/>
have guessed it. After all, when we talked in the beginning, you blurted it out.<br/>
Perhaps other people have known too.”<br/>
Reese: “I’m not<br/>
that stupid! What I want to tell you is to think through what kind of thief<br/>
fighting style that you want to pursue! Depend on the situation, you might be<br/>
able to be like the Head Cutter, the strongest person in this country or you<br/>
might as well just become one of the many adventurers. You have endless possibilities!<br/>
That’s what I want to say!”<br/>
Note: “That was a<br/>
good story, but it seems that you make a fool of me.”<br/>
Reese: “I’m not<br/>
fooling you!”<br/>
Note: “Then, have you<br/>
decided about the fighting style that will suit me?”<br/>
Reese: “That’s……”<br/>
Note: “In short,<br/>
nothing is settled……”<br/>
“Exactly!”, said Reese<br/>
while pointing her finger on me. <br/>
What does she reply<br/>
like that? She also seems to be proud of her answer. <br/>
Note: “If this is<br/>
the case, then we won’t be able to continue with our training………”<br/>
Reese: “Nooo---Ehm<br/>
that might be the case huh---One art that comes to mind right now……is an art<br/>
with powerful attack but is easy to learn like <<Knock out>>. Shall<br/>
we do that?”<br/>
Note: “Such a<br/>
sloppy decision……”<br/>
I’m starting to<br/>
worry if I can follow this Master. <br/>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
Two days after my<br/>
meeting with Reese, the Arrivers are going to the 17th floor.<br/>
Two months has<br/>
passed since My and Erin’s accident. This exploration will be different from<br/>
our previous exploration on the 10th floor. What we did before was<br/>
just warming up but this one is a full-blown dungeon conquest mission that we<br/>
have not done in a while. We are back in the game.<br/>
Through the gap of<br/>
the bangs that are blown by the strong gale, a blue scene can be seen. When you look<br/>
at the back and the front, you can see countless islands floating in the sky.<br/>
There are bridges and floating rocks between the islands. There is also a path<br/>
made of small floating rocks at the end of the island where we are standing<br/>
now.<br/>
Beyond this point<br/>
is the spot where we encountered the Mid Boss and also the spot where both I<br/>
and Erin were teleported to the 20th floor by a trap. In this<br/>
awaiting battle with the Mid boss, I have one task to do. The task that I have<br/>
to do is something that Reese had mentioned a couple days ago. I have to find a thief<br/>
fighting style that will suit me.<br/>
I have to decide as<br/>
soon as possible how I will fight against a monster, what kind of role I<br/>
can take in the party, and then continue with the training to advance. To put it<br/>
simply, I have to change the way I do things to reach my goal. Even if I<br/>
suddenly say that and feel lost about it, this is what I truly think. <br/>
If I can’t decide,<br/>
I won’t be able to advance. Compare to the other Arriver members’ fighting<br/>
style, Jin’s fighting style is the closest to mine. Thus, I plan to ask him for<br/>
some references and advice.<br/>
Just as the last<br/>
time, we are planning to let Jin takes on the Mid Boss by himself. That being<br/>
said, this is an opportunity to carefully watch how he fights. Rather, this can<br/>
be said as the perfect opportunity.  I<br/>
hope I can get some hints from his fight with the Mid Boss.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
Jin’s fight with<br/>
the Mid Boss is fierce from the start. Jin moves like a shadow and swiftly cut<br/>
the monster’s neck. Blue blood flushes as soon as he strikes.<br/>
This is Jin’s<br/>
fighting style. Fresh blue blood is spread on the rocky area.<br/>
Suddenly the rocky<br/>
area explodes in an instant. This time the Mid Boss attacks Jin.  While sending destructive storms toward Jin, it<br/>
also shots a lot of pebbles. However, not a single hit from the Mid Boss is<br/>
able to touch Jin. He swiftly moves forward through the slim opening and slashes the<br/>
monster.  <br/>
This battle is<br/>
definitely out of the world. I know that Jin is terrific, but today he is much<br/>
more amazing. Perhaps because he has to deal with the Mid Boss by himself or<br/>
due to his regret of his previous mistake, he is definitely giving his best.<br/>
Jin who fights<br/>
seriously this time is able to push the Mid Boss. Jin suppresses the monster who<br/>
is supposed to be more superior to humans in terms of physical, power, and stamina. Jin<br/>
suppresses the monster by his speed.<br/>
This is his real<br/>
appearance as an assassin. Frankly speaking, he is completely different from<br/>
when he fights against me during our training. I didn’t know that the assassin<br/>
of the Arriver’s ability is up to this level. As Reese said, it’s not<br/>
mistaken to say that Jin is one of the strong nominees of the strongest person in this<br/>
country. Instead, I’m now convinced that no one is stronger than him.  His strength has passed beyond humanity. He is<br/>
the ideal assassin. I don’t think that there will be an assassin that is better than him. <br/>
As I watch his<br/>
impressive figure, I come to realize one thing.<br/>
----I won’t ever be<br/>
able to pass him. <br/>
This is an<br/>
unwavering fact.  <br/>
After I joined the<br/>
Arrivers, I have fought against Jin so many times. Despite losing to him every<br/>
time, I continue to challenge him while thinking that I might beat him with a 0,001<br/>
chance. But my previous thought is wrong. No matter how many times I challenge him,<br/>
I won’t be able to win against him. Albeit it may be due to the discrepancy<br/>
between our skills, it also due to the difference between our experiences.<br/>
Jin has maximum [Speed<br/>
Skill] which complement his art <<Fake Shadow>>. In addition, he<br/>
has subtly mentioned his gruesome past beforehand.<br/>
On the other hand,<br/>
I do not have both skill and experience. And no matter what, I cannot fill the<br/>
gap between us.  <br/>
No matter how I<br/>
try to overturn, a person like Note Athlon cannot beat Jin as an adventurer.<br/>
Most likely, Jin<br/>
also knows this. Therefore, Jin recommends me to choose the thief fighting style<br/>
instead of the assassin fighting style. Instead of training me with his own hand,<br/>
he picks Reese who is in the same profession to train me. If I keep pursuing Jin<br/>
and imitate his fighting style, I will definitely fail. That’s because his<br/>
fighting style does not suit me. <br/>
Not only Jin, Reese<br/>
also understands this. <br/>
Hence, she told me about the importance of choosing a fighting style. By setting up the “Head Cutter” as<br/>
an example, she suggests that I pick a different direction from Jin’s fighting<br/>
style.<br/>
--Perhaps, what<br/>
Reese wanted to convey the most is that I have to pick a different path from Jin.<br/>
Which means I have to learn different arts and change the way I compete against<br/>
him. I cannot ever win against Jin head-on in a normal bout.<br/>
But I also cannot imitate<br/>
the Head Cutter’s fighting style. It’s the same thing as copying Jin’s style.<br/>
I can’t surpass Head Cutter just by imitating him. To begin with, I do not have<br/>
[Stealth Skill] and there might be other things that I have to accumulate<br/>
before I am able to reach his level.<br/>
Ultimately, the<br/>
fighting style that will suit you depends on the individual. If a person tries<br/>
to imitate other people’s fighting style, the result will be a failure. <br/>
Reese said that I<br/>
have to think carefully. <br/>
Perhaps she is<br/>
right. <br/>
I have to think it<br/>
through and I have to find it. <br/>
A fighting style<br/>
that can help me to contribute to the party and to win against Jin. This is my<br/>
homework.<br/>
I don’t have any<br/>
clue for the answer. However, the answer might also not exist in the first place.<br/>
At the moment this<br/>
is an obstacle that I have to pass to become an adventurer and to become an<br/>
active member of the Arriver. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Translator note:The story about the Head Cutter is quite intriguing. Why I feel like that might be a story about Jin? While I'm not completely sure, but he has shapeshifting ability and speed to combine. So that might be possible.Thank you for all the donators. Thank you for your generous supports. Previous TOC  Next ChapterIf you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
Share<br/>
Get link<br/>
Facebook<br/>
Twitter<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
Email<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
