[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c65](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/08/hazure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore_31.html)
<br/><br/>
August 31, 2020<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 65<br/>
A Horrible RequestTranslator: MasakiblueiIt’s been a while<br/>
since I dived to the 17th floor, and currently, I still haven’t<br/>
found any fighting style that is suitable for me. First of all, having not even a single of fighting art is terrible for an adventurer.  Therefore, day by day, in<br/>
order to kill time, I start to practice <<Knock Out>>. Today’s<br/>
practice is already over. After I wash my sweat and take a bath, I sit in the<br/>
living room when suddenly a voice coming from behind. <br/>
Erin: “Note, can I<br/>
have your time for a moment? I want to ask for your help……”<br/>
The voice belongs<br/>
to Erin. When I turn around to look at her, her expression looks really bad and<br/>
she looks downcast. Nevertheless, she still tries to make eye contact with me<br/>
as much as possible.<br/>
What’s with her downcast<br/>
facial expression……? It really makes me anxious……<br/>
I feel like I don’t<br/>
want to listen to her request……<br/>
Note: “Help?”<br/>
Even though I have<br/>
a bad feeling and I want to run away, Erin looks pitiful so I can’t walk away<br/>
from her. Thus, I listen to her request. <br/>
Erin: “At the<br/>
moment, you are trained by Reese of the Valkyrie about art technique, right?”<br/>
Note: “Well, yeah……”<br/>
Erin: “Then, it<br/>
should be fine.  I also want to be<br/>
trained about spells by a member of the Valkyrie. The spells that I know are not<br/>
that much……so I need to learn as much as possible……”<br/>
Suddenly I remember<br/>
Erin’s confession about her past.<br/>
She told me that after<br/>
she quitted school and joined the Arriver, she stops being diligent in learning<br/>
magic. At this point, I start to feel obliged to help her. Erin’s request may<br/>
be the first step that she takes in order to face her past and to change<br/>
around.<br/>
Her change makes me<br/>
happy. If there is anything that I can do for her, I want to help as much as I<br/>
can. Maybe she keeps diverting her eyes from me because she feels embarrassed<br/>
to ask. That must be it. <br/>
Erin: “Then Note,<br/>
can you talk to the sorcerer of the Valkyrie on behalf of me? It should be fine<br/>
if you ask Reese as the mediator. Actually, I don’t have a good relationship<br/>
with that person……”<br/>
I see. So, this is<br/>
the problem.<br/>
In conclusion, she<br/>
wants me to be the one who asks that sorcerer of the Valkyrie. This should be<br/>
an easy task. <br/>
Note: “Alright.<br/>
Calm down. You look so depressed, so I thought that your request was heavier.”<br/>
Erin: “That’s true……If<br/>
Note is the one who asks, then she will definitely accept the request……”<br/>
Note: “Leave it to<br/>
me.”<br/>
I raise my thumb up<br/>
to assure her. However, for an unknown reason, Erin looks really anxious when<br/>
she sees me looking so confident. At this point, I still think that this is an<br/>
easy request to fulfill, but her uneasy expression becomes a weight in my mind.<br/>
There is something suspicious about this. Therefore, it’s better for me to<br/>
check it out first. <br/>
Note: “Just in<br/>
case, can I ask you a question? Is there something that you keep from me?”<br/>
Erin jolts when I<br/>
ask her this question. From her reaction, the answer is pretty clear. It seems<br/>
that my first hunch was right after all. <br/>
Note: “I want you<br/>
to be honest with me……No matter what I am still going to accept your request……”<br/>
Erin: “You have to<br/>
abide by your promise, ok……The sorcerer that I want to learn from is…that<br/>
person.”<br/>
Note: “Who?”<br/>
In the middle of<br/>
our conversation, I come to realize who is the sorcerer that Erin wants to<br/>
learn from. Is it that lunatic leader of the Valkyrie that Reese told me about?<br/>
Erin wants to learn spells from her? Reese told me that she came from a famous family<br/>
with magician lineage.  It’s pretty rare<br/>
for a party to have more than one person with the same roles or profession.<br/>
Therefore, the possibility that this person is the one that Erin wants to learn<br/>
from is pretty high. <br/>
Note: “By any<br/>
chance, is the Valkyrie leader is the person that Erin wants to be taught by?”<br/>
Erin: “Th, that’s<br/>
right!” <br/>
Finally, the sense<br/>
of discomfort disappears.<br/>
Does she feel guilty<br/>
to send a man like me to ask the man hating sorcerer on behalf of her? But if<br/>
this is what she is worried about, there is nothing to worry about. If I ask<br/>
Reese to help me, then I won’t be directly involved with her. <br/>
Note: “Although I<br/>
don’t hear any good rumor about her, you don’t have to worry that much. I want<br/>
to ask Reese to be the one who negotiates with her. It should be no problem.<br/>
Erin won’t be affected by her past grudge because Erin is a girl……”<br/>
As I see Erin’s<br/>
obvious dark expression, the words that I want to say become stuck to my throat.<br/>
A little cold sweat falls down from her cheek. <br/>
Force: “Oi, oi, Note.<br/>
Don’t you know about it?”<br/>
It seems that Force<br/>
has been listening to our conversation. Force comes into the living room and<br/>
cuts into the middle of the conversation. For some reason, he looks amused by<br/>
what he has heard. <br/>
Force: “This fellow<br/>
used to fight with that Leader in the past. In order to determine who is the<br/>
best sorcerer in this town, she challenged that Leader who was famous at the time<br/>
for a match.”<br/>
Note: “So there was<br/>
such a thing happened……Then what about the result?”<br/>
Force: “It was this<br/>
fellow’s overwhelming victory. Mainly due to her abnormal skill. Despite her<br/>
lack of experience, she viciously beat down that leader with her skill. Well, as<br/>
a result, that leader’s pride was shred to pieces. Lastly, she said some nasty<br/>
words too: “Not only that you lose to me who is practically 10 years younger<br/>
than you, as a woman you are already expired. You are truly pathetic. “Even I was<br/>
feeling sympathetic with that leader.”<br/>
I turn my eyes on<br/>
Erin. I look at her awkwardly. <br/>
Erin: “That was me<br/>
in the past………It was my rebellious phase……I totally regret it.”<br/>
Oi, Erin. What had<br/>
you done? It was savage!<br/>
In addition, you<br/>
were trying to thrust me into that minefield……<br/>
I think her<br/>
evilness has not changed that much since then………<br/>
Note: “Can you ask<br/>
someone else to teach you spell? Even though I promise you before, this responsibility<br/>
is too heavy for me.”<br/>
Erin: “Tha, that’s<br/>
why I verified your response first! Moreover, Note has guaranteed that you will<br/>
do it……”<br/>
That is true, but!<br/>
I did promise her, but! This is a trap!! It’s a horrible request! Several times<br/>
worse than my previous wild guesses!!<br/>
Then I remember<br/>
that Reese likes to call Erin as Bratty Girl. From her nickname, I can imagine<br/>
the feud between Erin and that leader of the Valkyrie……<br/>
So, there is a<br/>
reason behind it!<br/>
It’s impossible! No<br/>
one can guess it! <br/>
It can’t be helped.<br/>
If this is the situation, she must be desperate. I have to accept her request<br/>
as a man!-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Translator note:It seems that we are going to meet that lunatic leader soon... Previous TOC  Next ChapterIf you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
Share<br/>
Get link<br/>
Facebook<br/>
Twitter<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
Email<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
