[Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu c66](https://masakiblueitranslation.blogspot.com/2020/09/hazure-skill-mapping-wo-te-ni-shita-ore.html)
<br/><br/>
September 07, 2020<br/>
Hazure Skill ‘Mapping’ wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Saikyou Party to Tomo ni Dungeon ni Idomu Chapter 66<br/>
 Asking For Reese's HelpTranslator: MasakiblueiNote: “Erin, first<br/>
of all, shall we discuss this together with Master Reese tomorrow?”<br/>
Yes………It’s<br/>
impossible for me……<br/>
It’s impossible for<br/>
me to go forward like a man and ask by myself……<br/>
I’m sorry that I’m<br/>
such a pathetic man………<br/>
Note: “-----So that<br/>
was the reason.”<br/>
On the next day, I<br/>
explain roughly the most part of the circumstances to Reese. Meanwhile, Erin is<br/>
standing next to me quietly while peeking at Reese’s reaction from time to<br/>
time. <br/>
-----Reese who is<br/>
standing on the opposite of us is---<br/>
Reese: “………How<br/>
about asking someone else?”<br/>
As I thought, this<br/>
will be her immediate response. I thought the same thing too. If I am in her<br/>
position, I will also refuse Erin right away. <br/>
Note: “Please help<br/>
us to solve this issue, Master!”<br/>
I lightly bow my<br/>
head. Subsequently, Erin also bows her head down too.<br/>
I’m not sure why I<br/>
bow my head down just for the sake of this matter. Perhaps, I should start<br/>
questioning myself about this. <br/>
Reese: “The members<br/>
of the Labyrinth Knights are not in this town because they are searching for a<br/>
person with [Mapping Skill]. On the other hand, there is no magician in<br/>
Liberation party. Based on these reasons, it seems that the only one who can<br/>
teach you is our party Leader……”<br/>
It seems that the<br/>
Labyrinth Knights are searching for an adventurer with [Mapping Skill] to join<br/>
their party after they received some information from Jin. After Erin and I<br/>
came back safely from 20th floor, we have to stop our dungeon<br/>
conquest as a part of our deal with them. In the same fashion as the Arrivers,<br/>
they stop their conquest and begin to search for a person who has [Mapping<br/>
Skill].<br/>
On the other hand,<br/>
Liberation is a party with veteran members. Compare to other parties which are<br/>
specialized in dungeon conquest, they have tremendous knowledge and expertise<br/>
in dungeon conquest. Because of their tremendous experience, they have decided<br/>
that they do not need a member with [Mapping Skill]. <br/>
Reese: “Moreover<br/>
Erin-chan had won against our Leader in a sorcerer showdown, right? And yet, is<br/>
it necessary to learn from her? “<br/>
Reese raises a<br/>
question to refuse Erin’s thoughtless request. Actually, I’m also concerned<br/>
about this point. <br/>
Erin: “Yes, I won<br/>
the showdown. I also think that I’m much stronger than her as a sorcerer. Although<br/>
Cassie has wasted so many years for useless things, she is far more knowledgeable than<br/>
me in magic. She is highly skilled in intricate magic crafts, and she has so<br/>
many things that I don’t have. Therefore, I think there are a lot of things<br/>
that I can learn from her.”<br/>
Ehmmm………there is<br/>
one thing that I would like to ask. Do you want to insult her? Or do you truly<br/>
wish to learn from her? Somehow, I feel scared to let Erin meet Cassie as she is<br/>
now……<br/>
Reese: “Oh……I<br/>
see……”<br/>
Reese makes a<br/>
strained smile on her face.<br/>
Even though I think<br/>
of Reese as a peculiar person, it seems that Erin beats her in this category by<br/>
a huge lot.<br/>
Where is the usual<br/>
Reese who always makes frivolous comments? <br/>
She is one-sidedly<br/>
being subdued by Erin’s remarks. <br/>
Reese: “Note, just<br/>
a moment.”<br/>
Reese waves at me<br/>
to come closer and then whispers closely to my ear. <br/>
Reese: “Don’t bring<br/>
a trouble with you! What am I going to do with this?”<br/>
Note: “I have no<br/>
clue! I ask for Master’s help because I’m stumped. This is a request from your<br/>
precious disciple. Please do something!”<br/>
Reese: “What a<br/>
precious disciple? Not at all! Somehow, I come to regret having you as my<br/>
disciple!”<br/>
Erin: “The two of<br/>
you, what are you whispering about with each other? Are you having some second<br/>
thoughts?”<br/>
Erin narrows her<br/>
eyes and turns her doubtful gaze at us. Hence, I immediately wave my hands to<br/>
deny it. <br/>
Note: “No, it’s not<br/>
like what you think. It seems that Master is going to take on the rest.”<br/>
Reese: “Oi, Little<br/>
Girl Kidnapper-kun. Don’t forsake me. Aren’t we on the same boat? Moreover, we<br/>
are comrades who have vowed to die together, right?”<br/>
Note: “When have we<br/>
ever make a vow like that……? I don’t have any slightest memory of it though……”<br/>
Reese: “This<br/>
traitor!!”<br/>
Reese strongly<br/>
grasps both of my shoulders. It’s painful. Her fingernails dig really deep into<br/>
my skin. <br/>
Erin: “The two of<br/>
you are quite close with each other, huh……”<br/>
As she said that,<br/>
her doubtful stare has turned very cold. <br/>
Erin, we are not<br/>
flirting with each other. We are truly at lost now and just quarrel with each<br/>
other, alright. To begin with, the one who makes us working together to solve<br/>
this trouble is Erin. <br/>
In this way, we<br/>
spend the whole day without any progress. <br/>
Note: “Master, is<br/>
this plan really going to work…?”<br/>
Reese: “There is<br/>
nothing that we can do about it. This is the only plan that I can think of.<br/>
Everything is settled so it can’t be helped. Next, we can only hope for a miracle<br/>
from God. “<br/>
Reese crosses her<br/>
hands while nodding as she says those words. Then she clenches her fist and<br/>
raises up in the air. <br/>
Reese: “Now, let’s<br/>
introduce a good man to Cassie ane-san. Our plan is to ask her about Erin after we<br/>
make her in a good mood is officially begins—”<br/>
Note: “Osh………”<br/>
I return her<br/>
enthusiasm with a monotone reply. I have a feeling that this plan won’t work<br/>
out……………<br/>
Reese: “I will<br/>
review our plan one more time before we start to execute it.”<br/>
After she said<br/>
that, Reese turns her face to the front. Following the line of her sight, is a<br/>
building that is used as Dungeon Guild. Dungeon Guild is an organization that is built for the adventurers who are specialized in Dungeon conquest. The<br/>
organization gives out some information, sells equipment, and buys raw materials<br/>
that are taken from monsters. The organization helps the adventurers to sell or<br/>
buy stuff. They help to set up the price after comparing it with the market and<br/>
help the Adventurers gain the best profit. Even though top ranks party like the<br/>
Arrivers who are at the forefront of dungeon conquest do not get that much<br/>
benefit from this organization, the small to middle party of dungeon conquest<br/>
adventurers get a lot of help from them and they feel really grateful for their<br/>
existence.<br/>
One of the Dungeon<br/>
Guild’s work is to arrange a party member. They introduce a new adventurer who<br/>
want to challenge the dungeon with a party that needs an additional member.<br/>
Compare to other<br/>
activities on the ground, there are not many people who are interested in<br/>
dungeon conquest. In addition, a lot of people die from dungeon conquest. In<br/>
order to solve this situation, the guild inspect the party and if they deem the<br/>
party has not enough members, they will help to look for an appropriate person<br/>
to join the party. <br/>
Incidentally in my<br/>
case, the guild did not help the Arrivers to find a member with [Mapping<br/>
Skill]. It was a private decision of the Arrivers and Jin was looking<br/>
personally for me. Since the Arrivers had already secured a license from the<br/>
guild, I was able to join without going through the formalities. <br/>
And our main<br/>
objective for today is to find a new adventurer who is just started in the dungeon<br/>
conquest.<br/>
Reese: “We have to<br/>
get a hold on an adventurer who has just arrived in this city and hasn’t heard<br/>
any bad rumor about Cassie Ane-san. Then introduce him to Ne-san. That’s all. “-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Translator note:Kamito-san's premonition is half right. They are planning to match Cassie with a guy to solve the problem. Previous TOC  Next ChapterIf you like our translation, please support us by buying us a cup of coffee or read our translation only at our site!<br/>
Share<br/>
Get link<br/>
Facebook<br/>
Twitter<br/>
Pinterest<br/>
Email<br/>
Other Apps<br/>
Labels:<br/>
Hazure skill<br/>
mapping skill<br/>
trash skill<br/>
