<br/>
TL Note:  I’ll be using “Schwarz” as the MC’s name instead of “Black” in the previous translations of Durasama and Jagaimo because the Author used the German word for black  (  シュバルツ : shubarutsu ).<br/>
<br/>
TL: kamisuzaku<br/>
<br/>
PLEASE DO NOT HOST THIS CHAPTER ELSEWHERE WITHOUT<br/>
PERMISSION UNLESS YOU LINK BACK TO THIS PAGE DIRECTLY<br/>
 <br/>
<br/>
Chapter 14<br/>
<br/>
「Hey. The adventurer there! Run away too!」<br/>
Riding the coachman seat, a little roundish silhouette of an… uncle?　He shouts towards me who’s ahead to where the carriage runs.  The number of 『Glass Wolf』 who are chasing the carriage is five…… so I guess, the rhythm of the sound though being the same, the feeling of the weight differs from the one that is emitted.<br/>
「Please go ahead!」<br/>
When I shout that much, I set up my MP5A4 in a knee stand as I look at the rear side of the carriage…… There is a huge 『Glass Wolf』, is it a high-ranking kind?<br/>
「Watch out! It’s a　『Dire Glass Wolf』!」<br/>
Shouted the old man sitting on the driver’s seat of the carriage, at the moment he ran through by my side.  『Dire Glass Wolf』?　 High-ranking kind still, a body bigger than the usual 『Glass Wolf』, it exceeds the length of 2m.  I fired in 3-bullet burst at the lead 『Glass Wolf』 first of all.<br/>
「Kyan!」<br/>
It’s not possible to imagine because of the 『Glass Wolf』’s appearance, a scream similar as a dog rose, the lead rolling 『Glass Wolf』 stopped moving. The 『Dire Glass Wolf』 who saw it barked once, the remaining four decided to aim at me, spreading from the highway, trying to encircle me.<br/>
To avoid being encircled, I began to run to the right at once toward a 『Glass Wolf』.  The others are lured this way coming near to here.<br/>
While running toward the nearest 『Glass Wolf』 lining up the cross-hair, I take a stance with the gun at my waist, in Hip-fire, shooting one bullet then shooting two.<br/>
Though one target was removed, I adjust a second one still rolling.<br/>
However, fundamentally the 『Glass Wolf』’s speed is faster than mine.<br/>
With a powered suit, though my leg strength is far faster than the standard of this world, still it’s not faster than the wolf group. The 『Dire Glass Wolf』 took some distance, it seems to look on the state of the hunt.  Three remain, one draws near with a jump stretching its fangs.<br/>
The three sensed behind, when checking it visually while turning slightly around, I break into the bad situation in a dash, to make the best use of the performance of the powered suit I change to High mobility and movement.<br/>
I step in forcefully as it is and jump to the left front, while looking back at the same time.  Setting up the safety device of the gun on full auto, in the left front and with the inertia jump in the air, matching the 『Glass Wolf』 approaching and the cross-hair, I pulled the trigger.<br/>
The sound of the consecutive firing shots changes into a roaring sound, from a dot to a line various bullets swallowed two 『Glass Wolf』. Then landing vigorously as it is, to the right side front I move and jump again. There’s one left on the middle, turning my line of sight to the left, matching the cross-hair to the 『Glass Wolf』 without pausing I pull out the trigger.<br/>
「Can I still do it?」<br/>
That jump, a technique made to seem natural in the game called VMB, there were mutters of confirmation  of its reproduction even so in the real world.<br/>
That jump, the Axel Jump, also called the Circle Jump, the ultimate most effective move, also called Strife Jump. Using the acceleration of the movement speed according to game specification and movement point of view, with higher speed, longer jump technique, the one closest to the technique reproducible in the VMB, was similarly called Strife Jump.<br/>
With this high mobile move, instead of FPS ending in a long range firearms match, avoiding bullets, slipping through, sometimes bringing forth gunfight at close range when jumping over and nearing the enemy, VMB wasn’t just a FPS with a direct gunfight, it became an evolved stage.<br/>
With five 『Glass Wolf』 down and the remaining 『Dire Glass Wolf』 being cautious, I replace the emptied magazines. Then the empty magazines thrown away become particles of light and disappear before falling on the ground. Its five companions killed, the 『Dire Glass Wolf』 opens wide its eyes while baring its huge canines, ruffling its fur and glaring this way.<br/>
I judged that I should make a pre-emptive attack attack while there’s some distance, took a standing shooting stance and peeked through the sight, matching the cross-hair and setting on full auto, as I fired five shots. However the 『Dire Glass Wolf』 lept on the side, quickly evading.<br/>
It avoided too? If so what to do……<br/>
Even shooting from the front, since it sees as there’s some distance it evades. Did the opponent’s stance break? I decided there’s nothing but thrusting into that gap, now let’s see how far can I get close and if it evades, advancing and stepping in a little in an instant the 『Dire Glass Wolf』 opens its big mouth more and more, facing over here as its mouth raises a roar……<br/>
「Now!」<br/>
Its mouth seemed for a moment a shine pale green light, it released a shot over here with a thunderous roar.<br/>
I jumped to the side and succeeded evading it while rolling. When checking the front, the 『Dire Glass Wolf』 has already running over here. I somehow merely returned into a half-rising stance, the 『Dire Glass Wolf』 already had approached in front of me, swinging downward its right claw.<br/>
「Uooo!」<br/>
I grasp my MP5A4 in my left arm, raising it at the same time overhead as if to repel the 『Dire Glass Wolf』 right claw, and push a button in the base of my gauntlet index finger.<br/>
While pushing the button of my Gauntlet, another element why VMB doesn’t end because of long range gunfight, the Circle Barrier Shield (CBS) has been deployed.<br/>
A round energy shield of an energy consumption type, with a diameter from the fist to the elbow, this CBS is able to stop all attacks in VMB.<br/>
However, the energy dries up at once when continuously deployed, so with a high CP  consumption, reusing it is impossible unless waiting cool time to end or using replenishing items.<br/>
To remove the sure line of fire shot of the VMB jump technique, this shield was deployed over a short interval, it was a general technique to prevent being shot.<br/>
Deployed from my left arm, a pale shining invisible shield brushed off the right claw of the 『Dire Glass Wolf』, though the CBS repellence of the opponent’s strike it seems it didn’t understand what happened, because it was a common counter action in VMB PvE mode although breaking the shooting posture. I can’t overlook such a chance.<br/>
「Great!」<br/>
Its right claw repelled, the 『Dire Glass Wolf』’s belly right before me became defenceless, I shot one handed pulling the trigger with my right hand. The MP5A4 spouts fire before the belly that receives 9x19mm Parabellum bullet. I keep on firing into the 『Dire Glass Wolf』 until it collapses, it will become surely an overkill hereafter magazine are emptied, I didn’t yet grasp its life ran out, together with the sound I sensed a thick and heavy feeling, the 『Dire Glass Wolf』 was dead.<br/>
「Fuu…! Though it was good because of the shield protection, I could withstand this guy’s power but it was dangerous……」<br/>
While looking down at the collapsed immobile 『Dire Glass Wolf』, I replace the magazines. With this, spare magazine consumed, the earlier five ones killed included, none seemed to be moving any more.<br/>
「However, that roar a little while ago?　That surprised me, the superior kind can use naturally offensive magic-like?」<br/>
The 『Dire Glass Wolf』’s roar, a mass of magical power hurled on the the impact ground, imagine that power. The ground has been gouged, to the point of forming a crater…… Well, the carriage a little while ago ran away quickly, when turning my gaze towards city fortress Barga, I see from a long distance one carriage coming this way. Before long, driving sounds can be heard too. That chased carriage, did it return?<br/>
「Boy… are you safe?　As I saw from a distance I was worried. Are you injured?　 Since I have medicine…」<br/>
「No, I’m not hurt, is the uncle also alright?」<br/>
「No injuries?!　A… Aa… I am alright, I was saved thanks to you. As I was on the the way from the royal capital to city fortress Barga, I was unexpectedly attacked by 『Glass Wolf』, since magic beasts don’t usually appear in the vicinity of the highway the guard got careless too, I really was saved.」<br/>
「Well, in that situation, I became the target. The sparks that had fallen onto me were paid.」 (TL: couldn’t really grasp the meaning of this: 自分に降りかかる火の粉を払ったまでです)<br/>
「No, no, however… killing a 『Dire Glass Wolf』 while unhurt……」<br/>
While talking to the old man in the driver’s seat, I pulled out the combat knife from my leg sheath on my thigh, I thrust it into the 『Dire Glass Wolf』’s chest, cutting through it. Blood isn’t spouting out as I thought, as I was removing the (demon) magic stone buried inside that appeared.<br/>
Still warm, I hear Ashley’s yesterday lecture, superior material of sub-race magic beasts, in the natural world demons using magic possess a magic stone in their chest…… huh.<br/>
「Hou! A magic stone of wind of a wonderful size.」<br/>
I noticed the old man had come down by my side from the carriage. A magic stone of about 5cm taken out shines in green, to me even without magic, I understand also with its radiance it possess some power sealed. I put the magic stone in my pouch, and pulled out the fangs of the 『Glass Wolf』 and 『Dire Glass Wolf』 as subjugation proof, is the 『Dire』 type as good as any fang?<br/>
「Do I only need to collect the magic stone and the subjugation proof?」<br/>
The old man who was looking at the collection work, listened to the question thinking, can something more be collected?<br/>
「No, no…… I too have a tool bag , it can’t take any more.」<br/>
I don’t have a tool bag, though I can’t use, I don’t think necessary saying I’m a 『Manuke』, so I deceived him.<br/>
「It’s a waste! There’s no useless part in magic beasts! There’s a use for skin, meat, and the bones too. Could I buy it in this place if you can’t take it?」<br/>
「I’m thankful, please if it is possible to buy it after all I would simply throw it away, eeto……」<br/>
「This is rude of me adventurer dono, not introducing to the one who rescued me, I am called 『Malta』, a merchant. I manage the Marida firm, mainly in the king capital.」<br/>
「Pleased to meet you Malta san. My name’s Schwarz, I am still a beginner adventurer.」<br/>
I was thankful of the old man named Malta for its honest offer. For me who cannot use the tool bag, the amount of luggage I can hold is extremely insufficient, even small firearm such as MP5A4 and the ammunition carried, excepting the subjugation proof collected there’s little room left.<br/>
「Actually I should be the one to thank you, Schwarz san. First, let me do the retrieval to my tool bag, then let’s go towards Varga, we’ll carry out the deal there while the day is set. Please Schwarz san also should get on the carriage, we’ll only decide general things while going towards it.」<br/>
And, I sit on Malta san’s carriage, returning to the city fortress Barga while deciding a quick amount of money for the trade.<br/>
————————————————————————————<br/>
Equipment used<br/>
<br/>
 MP5A4<br/>
Germany sub-machine-gun made by the company Heckler & Koch, the most used sub-machine-gun in the world, with also extraordinary numerous variations. Military forces, police and counter terrorist units etc…, a famous instrument playing a broad active role.<br/>
Circle barrier shield (CBS)<br/>
VMB original barrier shield, there is a deployment switch at the base of the left index finger, as long as energy is lasting, the circle shield-shaped barrier stretches to prevent any attack in VMB. Consumed energy is recovered by natural recovery or time recovery items.<br/>
<br/>
 <<< Previous                                            <Title>                                           Next>>><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
            __ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
                __ATA.initVideoSlot('atatags-370373-5e92abbcc56be', {<br/>
                    sectionId: '370373',<br/>
                    format: 'inread'<br/>
                });<br/>
            });<br/>
        <br/>
 <br/>
<br/>
				__ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
					__ATA.initDynamicSlot({<br/>
						id: 'atatags-26942-5e92abbcc57d7',<br/>
						location: 120,<br/>
						formFactor: '001',<br/>
						label: {<br/>
							text: 'Advertisements',<br/>
						},<br/>
						creative: {<br/>
							reportAd: {<br/>
								text: 'Report this ad',<br/>
							},<br/>
							privacySettings: {<br/>
								text: 'Privacy settings',<br/>
							}<br/>
						}<br/>
					});<br/>
				});<br/>
			Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 