[Manuke FPS c144](https://ashenfeather.wordpress.com/2021/06/27/fps-144/)
<br/><br/>
Kay: Currently experience some health issues that, minor in the health department, are causing some serious issues in regards to getting sleep. Allergy reaction. Nothing major, but its on both sides so I’m losing sleep over the fact that I’m ND with sensory issues. Hence, I’m getting little sleep while the swelling goes down.<br/>
Edit: In my joyus and profound tiredness, I released this chapter as a page instead of a post.  – w –  This is why its late.<br/>
After making arrangements with Malta-san, I rented the company’s warehouse. I opened my TSS and summoned the Continental. After I took out all the stored items, such as the wine with unreadable letters, I returned the continental to the garage. Then I called over Malta-san along with someone else who worked closely with the liquor the company sold. My purpose was to check the quality of these wines that I could just replenish with the fuel costs. <br/>
“Company Chairman, may I know where this is from? It has a fluffy and mellow scent that I’ve never had before. It’s also well refined and not overstated. I can also feel it’s smooth and has a deep taste, it’s delicious.” <br/>
A<br/>
“This is indeed delicious. The colors are deep and the fragrance is quite elegant. When it goes down, it still lingers… Definitely the finest wine.” <br/>
Malta-san and the person in charge of liquors opened dozens of bottles. They checked their condition and confirmed their taste. By the time they had checked all the wines, they had bright red faces. But as expected from the chairman of the largest trading companies in Kurtmerga and his liquor associate. Apparently all the wines in the Continental were judged to be the finest. Since their labels were unreadable, neither their origin or harvest year were known, and it’d give the opinion that they could not be sold. <br/>
However, it’d make a good gift if you were ever invited somewhere. <br/>
After that, it turned into a banquet. Although I could keep them in the giftbox because of the time-freezing function, it would be a waste after opening dozens of bottles. With the additional employees, and the director of the merchant ship who came to visit finished the rest of them. Well, I wasn’t a strong drinker, so I watched everyone else enjoy the wine. <br/>
That night, I visited the Zephanel manor again to spend my last night in Amar. Sharle-san was a tough opponent tonight. I brought a few bottles so they could try it as well. However, she glared at me and Ashley as we enjoyed them. As if to say she would not get drunk tonight. <br/>
In the morning, I would leave and tell Ashley I’ll be heading to the Capital. Though, we can only move on foot or carriage over land, which usually took a month. Since Shaft moved using the teleportation circle, there’d be a time difference until Schwartz arrived. There was a King’s festival in the meantime, so the situation where Shaft and Schwartz staying in the capital staying at the same time would be avoided. <br/>
I didn’t plan to stay at the manor tonight, so I left after having a good time. I didn’t know how long Ashley and her friends would be staying here, so said my goodbyes to Sharle-san. Afterward, I returned to the Seaside Lighthouse where the room I had booked sat unused this whole time. <br/>
The next morning, I checked out and headed to the Marida Company. For the time being, I was supposed to escort Malta-san alone, and for the journey, I prepared a CZ 75 SP01 and the P90.<br/>
“Good morning, Malta-san.”<br/>
“Good morning, Schwartz-san. We are ready to leave at anytime.”<br/>
A two-horse wagon was parked at the front of the store. As usual, since I couldn’t control a horse, Malta-san would hold the reins and I’d sit with him. Inside the hooded bay, tool bags with camping and fishing equipment were loaded. And director Bolroy-san came to see us off and pray for our safety. I was grateful for him, even though he helped on Malta-san’s request. But he did everything he could do for a stranger with no questions asked. <br/>
Without his cooperation, I would have been behind in terms of information. I promised to meet him again in Amar. Then Malta-san and I departed the port city. Just like when I first visited, the wagon transverse the city via the magic elevator. As I stared off into the southern sea, I said my goodbyes to Amar. <br/>
◆◆◇◆◆◇◆◆<br/>
The journey to the Capital was peaceful. There was neither any sights of bandits or monsters as we zig-zagged up the mountain road before a rest at the rest area and at the mining town Britora. Afterward, we headed for Valeira. <br/>
The mountain city of Valeira was a city built along the gentle slope of the mountain. It was a resource rich city with marine products to its south along with wood and ore resources that could be obtained from the mountains. A lot of this was sent to various places via magic circles.<br/>
Most of the population were spirit dwarves, and there were also many demi-humans that worked the southern seas. Almost all the buildings were made from stone with a unified red-brown brick roof that created a sense of unity. <br/>
After entering the city, we went to the center of it where the lord’s mansion looked to be at the top of a mountain. The teleportation circles to each city, including the Royal Capital, were located at the headquarters of the Valeria’s Mountain Knights Corps. Which was located in front of the Lord’s building.  <br/>
We submitted some documents to the Transfer Management Office, which managed the circle, and paid the fee. Our cargo was checked to be carried and so on. The identity verification was also performed as well, with guild cards presented. <br/>
“Show me your guild card so we can see your name, here.”<br/>
I presented my guild card to the official and waited for confirmation.<br/>
“Yes, the mercenary guild, Shaft — Huh?”<br/>
Shortly before entering the city, I had changed my outfit to Shaft in the back of the wagon. Right now, I was wearing a black tactical kevlar mask, Waffen-SS black clothing, and an overcoat. The official’s movement stiffened, and his line of sight went back and forth between my mask and my card.<br/>
“What? Is there a problem?”<br/>
“No, no, nothing! P-Please, please pass!”<br/>
“Now, Shaft, let’s go.”<br/>
Malta-san urged me to go ahead as he turned his face to hold back his laughter. Before I went to the Capital… I wanted to let out a sigh as I thought about what happened there. However, I put up with it and headed through the circle. <br/>
 <br/>
 