<br/>
May be here. Yesterday I got real distracted by some things.I’m working on, and today I had to move furniture mid-translating. Plus I have to do homework. I am also working on two games, which is why I got distracted yesterday. The first will take an extremely long time to get anywhere near completion, so I started a second where I make assets and classes for the first that I can import into the first, though it may make the second a bit uglier, because the first is Windows 95 themed. It’s a hacking game where you have to either use pre-built tools, or write them, and viruses, yourself through some lua or other based script, and an interpreter makes sure it does something properly, then it does what you wrote it to do. It will also involve multiplayer hacking of a single entity through teamwork, and stuff. The second is just a top down multiplayer shooter that will have buttons and stuff. Which is what I am still on, as I need some basis for writing the rest of the first game off of. Since they share assets, I can start work and get into the interesting parts of the second game to preserve my motivation, and still get work done on the first game. Once the second game is finished, I already have an extensive framework to finish my first with.<br/>
I am using C# in VS Community Edition (I think) 2013, with MonoGame (XNA extension).<br/>
TL;DR: I get distracted and start two games within the span of one week.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
            __ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
                __ATA.initVideoSlot('atatags-370373-5e92abdf70695', {<br/>
                    sectionId: '370373',<br/>
                    format: 'inread'<br/>
                });<br/>
            });<br/>
        <br/>
 <br/>
<br/>
				__ATA.cmd.push(function() {<br/>
					__ATA.initDynamicSlot({<br/>
						id: 'atatags-26942-5e92abdf706bf',<br/>
						location: 120,<br/>
						formFactor: '001',<br/>
						label: {<br/>
							text: 'Advertisements',<br/>
						},<br/>
						creative: {<br/>
							reportAd: {<br/>
								text: 'Report this ad',<br/>
							},<br/>
							privacySettings: {<br/>
								text: 'Privacy settings',<br/>
							}<br/>
						}<br/>
					});<br/>
				});<br/>
			Share this:TwitterFacebookRedditLike this:Like Loading... 